THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

WITH NOTES AND REFERENCES

By JOHN RAITHBY, of Lincoln's Inn, Esq.

BARRISTER AT LAW.

VOLUME THE SIXTH.

Containing the Acts 55 George III. (1815.) and 56 George III. (1816.)

With a copious Index.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty;

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

M.DCCC.XVI.

THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND, 55 GEORGE III. 1815.

VOL. VI. — PART I.

[Price 2l. in Boards.]

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers

London, 1815.

[Advert removed.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

the statutes.

Passed in the THIRD Session of the FIFTH Parliament

of

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

55° GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

I. An Act for the Encouragement and Reward of Petty Officers, Seamen and Royal Marines, for long and faithful Service, and for the Consolidation of the Chest at Greenwich with the Royal Hospital there. Page I

---

2. An Act for directing the Application of the Residuary

Perioral Estate of Anna Maria Reynolds Spinster bequeathed by her to the Use of the Sinking Fund. 3

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Ibid.

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 4

5. An to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 5

6. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act for fuf-pending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of PronufTory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England. Ibid.

7. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

for granting Duties of Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and for granting and allowing certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof. Ibid.

8. An Act to continue during the Continuance of the present HostiUties, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, £0 much of an Act of the Thirty

fourth Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize. Page 6

9. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months

after the Conclusion of the present Hostilities, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America. 8

10. An Act to make further Provision respecting the Duties

payable upon East India Goods, and to allow Bond to be given for Payment of the Duties upon such Goods when imported by Private Traders. Rid.

xi. Au Ad to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Fadors during the present War. 9

12. An Act to amend several Acts relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Distillation in Ireland, to the warehousing of Spirits, and to the securing the Duties of Excise on Spirits distilled, and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland. Ibid.

13. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magis-jstrates and additional Conjlables in Counties, in certain cases.

*4

14. An Act to impose certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of o rta; n Sorts of Wood into and from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and

IV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Drawback* on the like Sorts of Wool; and to indemnify Persons who have admitted certain Sorts of Wood to Entry on Payment of a Proportion only of the Duty imposed thereon. Page 16

15. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition. 19

16. An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the

Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty's intituled An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Mil-lions towards the Supply for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and eight..20

17. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame on or be. fore the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 21

18. An Act to settle and secure an Annuity on Lord

Walsingham, in Consideration of his Services as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords. Ibid.

19. An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities, in Ireland* in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences; and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland. 22

SO. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 44

21. An Act for regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. Ibid.

12. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Tobacco, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

23. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Import-

ation of Citrat of Lime, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 45

24. An Act to grant Duties of Customs on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from Ireland, in

lieu of the Duties of Customs heretofore payable on such Exportation..46

25. An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of

Brown Linens in Ireland. 49

26. An Act to amend the Laws now in force for regulating

the Importation of Com. 50

17. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Additional

Duties of Excise in Great Britain. 51

28. An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England. Ibid.

29. An Act to regulate the Trade between Malta and its

Dependencies, and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations In America; and also between Malta and the United Kingdom. 52

JO. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day

of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen1 additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences. Page 55

31. An Act to amend certain Ada respecting the Exportation and Importation of Sugar, and further to regulate the Importation of SiigaiS Coffee and other Articles, from certain Islands in the West Indies. 61

32. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament with respect to the Duties on Sugar imported from the East Indies; and for further continuing, until the End of Six Weeks from and after the Expiration of any Act or Acts of Parliament continuing the Temporary or War Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain certain Countervailing Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, on Refined Sugar. 63

33. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Customa on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize. 64

34. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever. 65

35. An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of

Excise on Tobacco in Ireland. Ibid.

36. An Act to grant to His Majesty a Duty of Customa on

Tobacco imported into Ireland. 67

37. An Act to amend several Acts respecting the Exportation and Importation of Sugar into and from Ireland; and further to regulate the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, from certain Islands in the West Indies. 68

38. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session

of Parliament, as directs that no Bleaching Powder, made in Ireland and brought into Scotland\ should be removed into England. 69

39. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty* several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and to the allowing Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to complete their full Number of Mew at certain Ports. 70

40. An Act for raising the Sum of Two millions three hundred and twenty three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Ibid.

41. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing

of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cacti in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. Ibid.

42. An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in tha£

Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes 71

43. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of

false and deficient Measures. 76

44. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the admitting and landing of certain Prize Vessels and Goods in Ireland; to continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 78

45. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships

employed in the Southern Whale Fishery. 82

46. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of tfcfe Reign of His present Majesty* intituled an

f"

(fiMck General) 55° GEO. III.

fm fir fetter Care Ond MeunUnanct of Lunatics, being Pampers or Criminals, m England. Page 83

47* An for procuring Returns relative to the Expence tad Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways. 85

48. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols and Houses of Correction within England and Wales.

92

49. An Act to procure Returns of Persons committed, tried and cobvided for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors. 93

50. An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other Fees con-neded with the Gaols in EnglandI 94

51. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, collecting ad levying of County Rates. 06

ft. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Several Acts for charging additional Duties on Copper imported into Great Britain. 101

53. An Act to revive and continue for One Year the Duties and Contributions on the Profits arising from Property, Frofefions, Trades and Offices in Great Britain. 102

54- An Act to repeal- an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and to establish, for Twelve Months, other Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain Cases. 103

55. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, to contract for the Ptochafe and Surrender of Crown Leases, and to fell His

Interest in the Thornhill Estate, in the Parish of StaUbridge, in the County of Dorset, and in certain small Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty's Subjects within the Royal Forests; and to remove Doubts as to Estates of The Crown, sold by Order of the said Commissioners, being exempted from the Auction Duty. 111

56. An Act to authorize the Commissioners and Governors

of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to transfer a certain Sum in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, now Handing in the Name of the Corporation of the Chest of Greenwich, into the Name of the said Commissioners; and also to receive such Dividends as are now doe upon such Annuities. 116

57. An Act to repeal the Provisions of former Acts, granting

exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Lofa of such Privileges. 117

58. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. 120

59. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, to insure the proper and careful Manufacturing of Fire Arms

in England, and for making Provision for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms. Ibid.

ho. An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy, and to make new Provisions respecting the fame. 125

61. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles.,

147

6j. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Du tie a of Excise in Ireland on Malt. 153!

*3. A* Ado to repeal the additional Duty on Britj/hr^ndti

Wine or Sweets granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament. Page 155

64. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty third

Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to the granting Gratuities by the East India Company. Ibid.

65. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain. 156

66. An Act for allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic

Acid to take Salt Duty-free for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for bleaching Linen and Cotton; for repealing the Excise Duties on Glauber Salt, and on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland; and to allow a further Drawback on Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol. 158

67. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes

in Ireland, in respect of certain Male Servants, Carriages and Horses kept to be let to Hire. 166

68. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the fame relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway; and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the Hopping up of unnecessary Roads. 168

69. An Act to regulate Madhouses fn Scotland. 171

70. An Act for better regulating the Formation and Arrange-

ment of the Judicial and other Records of the Court of Session in Scotland. 171

71. An Act to regulate Hawkers and Pedlars in Scotland*

*74

72. An Act to fix the Election for Glamorganshire at a central

Place within the said County. _ l7*

73. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money tm

be raised by Lotteries. 179

74. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills; and for raising a Sum of Money by Annuities, for the Service of Great Britain. Ibid.

75. An Act to continue the Encouragement of Persons

making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution. Ibid.

76. An Act to enable His Majesty, until the First Day of May

One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to accept the Services of the Local Militia, either in or out of their Counties, under certain Restrictions. 180

77. An Act to authorize, under present Circumstancet, the

Drawing out and Embodying of the British and Irish Militia, or any Part thereof. l8x

78. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

79. An Act to regulate the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, Attornies, Solicitors, Prodors and Corporate Officers in Ireland. 215

80. An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of

Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, Almanacks and Newspapers, in Ireland. 12 2

81. An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and

Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to make more effectual regulations for collecting and managing the

fyid Duties in general. 227

82. An Act to grant Duties of Custom9, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; and to make further

vi. The TITLES of the STATUTES,

further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland. ^aSJ 2 43

83. An Act to regulate the Payment of the Duties of Customs on Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, or into Ireland from Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Goods the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, having been imported into either Country from the other, 249

84. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the fixing the Limits of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay; and also so much of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to granting Letters of Administration to the Effects of Persons dying intestate within the several Presidencies in the East Indies, to the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Courts; and to enable the Governor in Council of the said Presidencies to remove Persons, not being British Subjects 5 and to make Provision for the Judges in the East Indies in certain Cases. 250

85. An Act to amend and continue for One Year, and until

Twelve Months after the Termination of the present War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Two Acts of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist and serve as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service 5 and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, under certain Restrictions. 254

86. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Mails, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America. 255

87. An Act to relieve certain Foreign Vessels resorting to the

Port of London, in respect of Pilotage; and to regulate the Mode of Payment of Pilotage on Foreign Vessels in the said Port. Ibid.

88. An Act to amend an Act of the loft Session of Parliament,

for rendering more easy and effectual Redress for A ffdults in Ireland. 256

89. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for making Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland. Ibid.

90. An Act to explain an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, relative tolnland Navigations there, so far as relates to the Li-mkation of Actions against Canal Companies and others. 257

91. An Act for the Payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses, in Cases of Felony in Ireland. Ibid.

92. An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Prisons in Ireland, so far as concerns Contrafts for building or repairing such

Prisons. 258

93. An Act to repeal the Dirties payable on, and the Permis-

fion to enter for Home Consumption, Silk Handkerchiefs imported by the East India Company. 259

94. An Act to continue and amend several Acts relating to

the British White Herring Fishery. 260

95. An Act to repeal the Duties payable on the Importation

into Great Britain of solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark, and other Vegetable Subllances used in the Tanning of Leather 5 and to grant a Duty in lieu thereof. 268

96. An Act to grant a further Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate to accompany the Title of Earl Nelson, and also to amend Two Acts of the Forty fi*th and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making such Purchase. Ibid.

97. An Act to grant to the Judges of the Commissary Cour

of Edinburgh a fixed Salary in place of their present Saiar and certain Fees and Payments. Bage 27;

98. An Act to enable the select Committee on the Downpa trick Election to re-assemble, and to suspend the Traofmii fion of the Warrants and other Proceedings for the Appointment of Commissioners to examine Witnesses in Ireland

Ibia

99. An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and fe curing the Duties of Excise on Malt made in Ireland. 27,

100. An Act to provide for the Collection and Managemen of Stamp Duties payable on Bills of Exchange, Promiffor Notes, Receipts and Game Certificates in Ireland. 271

101. An Act to regulate the Collection of Stamp Duties o

Matters in respect of which Licences may be grimted b the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland. 28

102. An Act to repeal certain Duties on Leather dreied i

Oil in Great Britain, or imported from Ireland. 29

103. An Act to regulate the Poilage of Ship Letters to am

from Ireland. Ibia

104. An Act to make further Provisions for the issuing c

Licenses to Persons to deal in, retail, make or manufacture Spirits and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, and so securing the Duties of Excise payable by the Persons f licensed. 29.

105. An Act to make further Provisions for collecting an<

securing the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanne< in Ireland. 29*

106. An Act to make further Provisions for collecting an< securing the Duties of Excise on Paper printed, painted o stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings and other Ufea

3°<

107. An Act to regulate the Appointment of Governors o

the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin. '30:

108. An Act for punifiling Mutiny and Desertion 5 and so the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 30;

109. An Act to enable the Sheriff Depute or Substitute am

Justices c.c the Peace of the County of Clackmanau, to in carcerate Persons in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirlint or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling. 33I

110. An Act for charging certain Duties on Sweets or Mad

Wines in Ireland in lieu of former Duties. Ibia

111. An Act for the better collecting and securing the Dutie

on Spirits distiHed in Ireland. 33*

112. An Act for the better regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein. 34:

113. An Act for altering certain Drawbacks and Counter

vailing Duties on Glass; for exempting Irish Glass Bottle from the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session o Parliament; and for exempting the Leather and Glass o Carriages belonging to certain Persons imported from Ireland for Private Use from Duty. 35

114. An Act to augment the Salary of the Master of tin

Rolls in Ireland, and to enable His Majesty to grant ai additional Annuity to such Mailer of the Rolls, on the Re signation of his Office; and to regulate the Disposal of the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland. 3 51

115. An Act to carry into effect a Convention made betweei

His Majesty and the King of the Netherlands and tin Emperor of all the Raffias. 3 5!

116. An Act to make further Regulations for the Registr

of Ships built in India. 35-

117. An Act to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commence merit of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation int< Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Vessels from State

ii

>y

T

{Publick General) 55° GEO. III.

Vu

fat Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goode, Wares and Merchandize; and to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in Neutral Vessels from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Warn and Merchandize. Page 359

118. An Act to regulate the Clearance of Vessels, and De-

livery of Coast Bonds, at Creeks and Harbours in Great Britain; for exempting certain Ships and Vessels from being bcensed by the Commissioners of Customs; for autho-lising Officers of the Customs to seize Spirits removing without Excise Permits; and for preventing Frauds in overloading Keels and other Carriages used in conveying Coals for Exportation, or to be carried Coastwise. 361

119. An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to

abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases. 363

I jo. An Act to provide for the taking an Account of the Population of Irelandj and for the ascertaining the Increase or Diminution thereof. 364

til. An Act to amend and explain an Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain* Roads and Bridges made in Scotland far the Purpose of Military Communication; and far making more efftdual Provision for maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges. 367

132. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of MTmdfor Forest, in the County of Berks; and for inclosing die Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest. 368 An Act for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments taken for erecting Works at and near Port/mouth and Hilfea, in the County of Southampton, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament. 369

I24. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirty six Millions by way of Annuities* Ibid.

lay. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea. Ibid.

tad. An Act to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers, AJfowances equivalent in Amount to the Half Pay given to Brid/h Officers under the like Circumstances. 3 70

127. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, far preventing the Embezzlement of Stores; asd to exteod the Provisions of the several Acts relating to His Majesty* Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, to act other Public Stores. Ibid.

t2& An Act to enable His Majesty to acquire Ground necessary for Signal and Telegraph Stations. 371

120. An Act to increase the Drawbacks and Countervailing Dubes on Tobacco; and to binit the Tonnage of Ships in which Wine may be exported when Dubes are drawn back.

374

Ho. An Act for further regulating the Issue and Payment of Hooey to His Majesty's Forces serving Abroad. 376

131. An Act for discontinuing certain Deductions from Half

Pay; and for further reguladng the Accounts of the Pay-softer General. Ibid.

132. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session

«f Parliament, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland respectively. 377

133. An Act to grant further Powers to the Commissioners of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals with respect to Pensions an Choir Establishments. Ibid.

*34* An Act for altering the Rate at which The Crown may

exercise its Right of Pre-emption of Ore in which there is Lead. Page 378

135. An Act to alter the Conditions and Regulations under which Blubber and Train Oil of Newfoundland are admitted to Entry. Ibid.

136. An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the

Royal Hospital of KUfnainham. 379

137. An Act to prevent Poor Persons in Workhouses from embezzling certain Property provided for their Use; to alter and amend so much of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, as restrains Justices of the Peace from ordering Relief to Poor Persons in certain Cases for a longer Period than One Month at a Time; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, relating to the Poor. Ibid.

138. An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the Forest of Exmoor other Exmorc> in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; and for inclosing the said Forest. 382

139. An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise in Ireland\ upon Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain.

399

140. An Act to make further Provisions for the Collection

of certain Duties on Male Servants, Carriages and Horses; and in respect of Houses in Ireland. 403

141. An Act to amend an Act made in this Session of Parliament to repeal former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Loss of such Privileges. 404

142. An Act to reduce the Duties on all Sheep Wool the

Growth of the United Kingdom, which shall be sold by Auction for the Growers or first Purchasrs. Hid.

143. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the building and

repairing of County Bridges. 405

144. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Customs and

Port Duties in Ireland, to purchase Premises for the erecting additional Docks, Warehouses and Offices, in

Dublin. 407

14?. An Act to increase the Allowance to the Poll Office in Ireland, in respect of Packet Boats to Great Britain, 409

146. An Act to authorize His Majesty to regulate, until the

First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Trade with any French Colony which may come into His Majesty's Possession or remain Neutral. 410

147. An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the

Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands, belonging to their Benefices, for others of greater Value, or more conveniently situated for their Residence and Occupation; and for annexing such Houses and Lands, so taken in Exchange, to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain Cases, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

148. An Act for raising the Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.' 416

149. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Ibid.

150. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the

Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein

recited. 417

151. An Act to amend the Laws for imposing and levying of

Fines, in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in

Ireland 4J8

152* An

VU1

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

152. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead, by Chester, and between London and Bangor, by Shrewsbury.

P*Xe 423

153. An Act for granting certain Rates on the Postage of

Letters to and from Great Britain, The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies; and for making certain Regulations respecting the Postage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain. 426

254. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 432 155. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Temporary Fourth Part of the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers Wash, Spirits and Licences imposed by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty $ and for enabling His Majesty by Order in Council to modify the Operations of the said Act, or reduce the Duties thereby imposed. 434

X56. An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. Ibid.

157. An Act for the better Examination of Witnesses in the Courts of Equity in Ireland, and for empowering the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland to grant Commimons for taking Affidavits in all Parts of Great Britain. 438

158. An Act to enable Grand Juries to present additional Sums for Constables in Ireland, and for the secure Conveyairce of Prisoners. 440

159. An Act to amend several Acts relating to Hackney

Coaches; for authorizing the licensing of an additional Number of Hackney Chariots; and for licensing Carriages drawn by One Horse. 441

160. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the

more effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy during the present War. 444

j6l. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising on Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 458

162. An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on

Epsom Sak. 460

163. An Act to regulate the issuing of Licences to allow

Open Boats to proceed to Foreign Parts, and for revoking the fame when necessary. Ibid.

164. An Act to exonerate, in certain Cases, Foreign Spirits

imported during the Suspension of the Spirit Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, from the additional Dnty imposed thereon. 461

165. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and

Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.*Ibid.

166. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

465

267. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for 12

making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officer of the said Militia during Peace. Page 46

168. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to th

Militias of Great Britain and Ireland. 46

169. An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition t the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Servic of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 46

170. An Act to ameud an Act passed in the last Session.

Parliament, for better regulating the Office of Agei General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the moi effectually regulating the fame. 41

171. An Act to continue for One Year certain Acts for tl

better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to fedu< Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea and Lai from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. 4'

172. An Act to provide for the Support of Captured Slav

during the Period of Abjudication. Ik

173. An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of t United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with Fran

174. An Act to extend the Exemption granted by Law^ Coals and Culm for which the Coast Duties have been di paid, on being again exported and carried to any otl Place in this Kingdom, to Cinders or Coked Coals bui from Pit Coal, which has paid the Coast Duties. 4

175. An Act to continue until the First Day of August C

thousand eight hundred and sixteen. Two Acts of 1 Fiftieth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majes allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to Lorn and Westminster, by Inland Navigation. a

176. An Act for allowing certain Tiles to be made Duty-i

to serve for Draining. Ii

177. An Act for the further Prevention of Frauds in

Manufacture of Sweets. 4

178. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty £ Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twer an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His present Maje for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufact of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

179. An Act to revive, amend and continue, until the Twc

fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred twenty one, so much of an Act of the Forty first Yea] His present Majesty as allows the Use of Salt, Duty- for curing Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to repeal cei Laws relating to the Allowance of Salt, Duty-free, for North Seas and Iceland Fisheries. j

180. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Da July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an A6 the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

181. An Act for charging an additional Duty on ce Seeds imported.

182. An Act to authorize the Directors General of Ic Navigation in Ireland to proceed in carrying on and < pleting the Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the I Shannon

183. An Act to repeal the Bounties payable in Ireland o Exportation of certain Calicoes and Cottons

184. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, the Duties on Fire Insurances, and on Legacies and cessions to Personal Estate upon Inteftacies, now payal Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu the

185. An Act for repealing the Sump Office Duties on

vertifen

General) 55 GEO. III.

Wtifemeator Almanack* Ikwfpapeia, Gold and Stiver filtfe, Stage Coaches and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches nqw payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof. Page 567

186. Am AA lor granting an additional Sum of Money for providing a suitable RcSdence and Estate for the Duke of We&mgtm and hi* Heirs iu, Confide ration of the eminent «*d fig nal Services performed by the said Duke to His ifaf&y and the Public 571

1S7. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and irtland) and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament* x 573

f 88. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant to John Fronds Erjk the of Mar Esquire, and His Heirs and Affirm, the Feu Duties and Quit Rents arising in the JLocdship of Stirling, in Discharge of a Debt of greater Value created upon the said Feu Duties by a grant from His Majesty King George the First. 581

189. An Act for allowing Henry, Meux, Thomas Starling Beufon, Florance Thomas Young y Richard Latham and John Newberry y to brew Duty-free a Quantity of Strong Beer, the Duty on which will be equivalent to the Duty on the Beer loft, and to the Duties on the Malt and Hops expended in the Produdson of the Beer so loft. 58a

190. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth

Year of His present Majesty, to improve the Land Revenue of The Cffrwn, so far as relates to the Great Forest ef Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock t and for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Foraft* «pd for inclosing the said Forest. A Pf&f J83

191. An Act to authorize the Appointment of Commimotiers

for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastwardof Dun-leery, within the Port and Harbour of DuhEn. 600

192. Au Ad to remove certain Difficulties in the Diijwfttion

of Copyhold Estates by Will. 601

193. An Act to enable His Majesty, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to regulate the Trade and Commerce carried on between His Majesty's Subjects and the Inhabitants of the United States of America. 602

194. An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales. Ibid.

19c, An Act for exonerating the Estates and Effects of the late Sir James Colebrooke, the late Sir George Colehrooke, Arnold Nesbit, Sir Samuel Fludyer* Adam Drummond and Moses Frankly and of their Sureties, from all Claims and Demands whatsoever in respect of any Contracts entered into with His Majesty's Government. 608

196. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Six Millions for the Service of Great Britain. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

LAN Ad to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of fcvcval Acts ptffed for repairing the Road from CireaccSery in Che County of Gloufo/hry to Birdlip Hilly in the Usd County- Page 609

ii. An Act to coothme the Term, and amend and enlarge the Bowen of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cweucefhr to Stunt Johtf s Bridge, in the County of and certain other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.ifo An Act to amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Act — modaboo and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Rename, within the Port of London; and for raising a farther Sum of Money for the Completion of the said W«ki. Hid.

w. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and pretest Majesty, for repairing the Roads

- from Epfm through Ewell to Tootiugy and from Ewell to Kmgjbm upon Thames, and Thames DHton; and across

Ewm Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Be rough Heath, all in the County of Surry* 612

y. An Act for enlarging die Powers of an Act of His present for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Church of Stochperty in the County Palatine of Chester. 613

n A mA& to easbk the Company of Proprietors of the mktmdBtrit Canal Navigation to raise Money for dif'chnrging the Debts of the said Company. Ibid.

An Act for paying the Footways and Croftpoth9, and ii^hongj waCchfog, oeaafing, widening and otherwise improving the Streets, Lues and other Public Passages and

Places, in the Town of Bqfingjlokcy in the County of Southampton. Page 612

viii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bur-tryford, in the County of Durham, to Alflony in the County of Cumberland, and from Aljton aforesaid, by the Dykty to Bumjlonesy in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

«. An Act for erecting a Shire Hall, Courts of Justice and other. Buildings, for Public Purposes 5 and for providing suitable Accommodations for His Majesty's Jufcices of Assize, in and for the County of Hereford. Ibid.

x. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Stan-

hope9by Edmondbyetsy in the County of Durham, to the Cor bridge Turnpike Road near Green head, in the Parish of Shotley, in the County of Northumberland.' 628

xi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xh. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, aiftt for keeping in1 Repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for making and maintaining a' Road from Elland Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, to join the Dewsbury and Elland Turnpike Road, at of near 'to a certain Obelisk belonging to Sir George Armytage Baronet, in the Parish of Dewsbury, all in the West Riding of the County of York. . Ibid.

x»v. An Act for repairing the Road froth HaJTingden, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden, and for tfttking , b '\j «nJ

z

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

and maintaining several Branches therefrom^ all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Page 628

Xv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powar* of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Oi&ham ^to Alton, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty Ring George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining

certain Roads in the County of Roxburgh, and other Roads connected therewith, leading into the Counties of Berwick, Northumberland and Durham. Ibid.

xviii. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for

establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xix. An Act to coutinue the Term and alter and amend the

Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Road6 therein mentioned; and also to make a new Road from Burslem aforesaid to Cobridge, and a Branch therefrom to Burslem Church. Ibid.

xx. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging and improving the Parish Church of Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts. Ibid.

xxi. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for building a new Church at Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxii. An Act to light, watch, pave, cleanse and improve the

Streets, Highways and Places within the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to provide Fire Engines and Firemen for the Protection of the said Borough. 629

xxiii. An Act to alter, extend and amend the Powers* of Two

Acts, paired in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better paving, lighting and watching the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for

paving and otherwise improving the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

sxv. An Act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for improving certain Plots of Ground belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton, and other Persons, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xxvi, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of

Two Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing and improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructiona and Annoyances therein; and for "Watching the said Town. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for dividing, inclosing and felling the Waste

Lands, and Lammas and other Commonable Rights, in the City and County of the City of Lichfield; to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places, within the City of Lichfield, and the Suburbs thereof j and for better supplying the said City with Water. Ibid.

&?viii< An Act for building a Market Hoofe in the Borough

1C

of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devbn / and for better paving, lighting, widening and improving the Streets and other Public Place* within the said Borough. Page say

mX. An Act to rebuild the Bridge in Bird Street, otherwise Bridge Street, in the City of Lichfield. Ibid.

XXX. An Act for rebuilding Tempsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a County Hall ana other Offices for the County of Perth. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike

Road from or near Mytholm Royd Bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York, to communicate with the Road at or near the Sixth Mileflone from Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Cow Cawfey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Bel ford, and from thence to Buctton Burn, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton and Perth. 630

xxxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, and from the Town of Huntingdon to Somersham in the County of Huntingdon, so far as respects the Middle Division and separate District of the said Roads. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Halifax and Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road

leading from Heron Syke to Kirkby in Kendal, and from thence through Shop, to Earnout Bridge, in the County of Wfimorland; and for making a new Road from the said Road, at a Place called Far Cross Bank, near Kirkby in Kendal, to communicate with the intended Canal from Lancaster to Kirkby in Kendal, and to join the said Road at or near a Place called The Lound, near Kirkby in Kendai aforesaid. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and en-

large the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, foi amending the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill to the Cross in Clonfield, in the County of Oxford\ Ibid.

xxxix. An Act to amend several Acts of His present Majesty; for making the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation. Iitd\

xl. An Act for establishing a Navigable Communication between the Birmingham Canal Navigations and the Won cefier and Birmingham Canal, and amending certain Act passed relative thereto. \ <\Ib\d

xli. An Act for enabling the Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money for th* Completion of their Works. Ibid.

xlii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and ^royi lions of an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting 1 Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leedsin the County of York, and other, Purposes; ao provide/or tth| Expence of the Prosecution of Felons in certain Cases and to establish a Police and Nightly Watch in the Town Borough and Neighbourhood of Leeds aforesaid^..I fid tliii. An Act for paving the Foot Ways apd Crpff £aths

an*

{Local& Personafy05 'I'

bd lighting, watching, clean ling and improving the*Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places, in the Borough or Town of Andevor, in the County of Southampton. Pag* 630

xliv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Pan(h Church of Saint Thomas, in the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

xiv. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry to provide a proper Place for the depositing and preferring the Public Records of the said County, together with a Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, for the safe Custody of such Records, and convenient Offices for transacting his Business; and also to settle a Table of Feet to be taken by such Clerk of the Peace. 631 xferi. An Act to enable the Union Society for effecting Insurance from Fire, and the Union Life Office for effecting In-fcrmces on Lives and Survivorships, and for granting and purchasing Annuities, to foe ana be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary for the time being. 634

xlvtL An Act for making and maintaining a Public Road from'or near Killaganoon Corner, in the Parish of Feock, in the County of Cornwall, to the Village of Flushing, in the Parish of Mylar, in the same County. /hid

xlwnu An Act for repairing the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surry, through the Borough of Reigate, by SuBow Mill to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County. Ibid.

xfcc. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Jesus Lane in the Town of Cambridge, to Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge. /bid.

L An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Highgate Gate House, in the County of Middlesex, to the Thirteen Milestone near Gannick Corner, in the Parish of South Mims, in the said County. /bid.

K. An Act for amending the Road from Keighley to Bradford, and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom, aQ in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

fi. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, fending to the Borough of Launceston. Ibid.

IfiL An Act to continue and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for opening and making a new Road from the Turn-

eRoad at Craig Evan Leyfon, in the Parish of Lanva-to the Confines of the Parish of YJlradyvoduck, near Abomasa, in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

Kv. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Uttoxeter to Stoke, near Stone, and from Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford. 635

Iv. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Derwent at East Cottingwith, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of York to the Town of Kingsfsn upon Hullat a certain Place there, called Street Bridge, in the Township of Pocklington, in the said Riding. Ibid.

vi. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol for the County and City of Perth; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

fen. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard and providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Helen, 'in Abingdon, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

feik An Act for paving or gravelling, watching and lighting'tmrin Places fitnate on the West Side of the Turnpike Road hi Kentf/h Town, in the Parish of Saint Paneras, in : tW County of Middlesex, and for preventing Nuifences

Ibid.

XL

Kir. An Act to ^repfbl out Act 1 of His present Majesty, for*repairing the Roads from tke Stones Erndyim the Parish of Saint Locumd't Shoreditch, to the Northern Road, in the Parish'of' Eafiddi'and from the Plaoe where the Watch-house in Edutohton' formerly flood to the Market Place in Enfield, and from Newington Green'to Bulb HU, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; and to provide for more effectually nepiiringf' the said Roads, and for lighting, watching and watering several Parts thereof.

Pare 635

«. An Act for repealing an Act of His.pifefent Majesty, for the Repair of several Roads in the Counties of Somerset, Devon and Dorset, leading to the Town of Chard in the County of Somerset, and for making and repairing a Road from Chard to the Honiton Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Uppottery, in the County of Devon, and for more effectually repairing the Residue of the Roads comprised in the said Act. Ibid.

Ixi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading into and through the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Four Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Fisherton, Wilton, Heytesbury and other Places in the County of Wilts, and for diverting the Line of Part of the said Roa4f. Ibid.

Ixiii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, and certain Roads therrin mentioned, and to make and maintain other Roads to communicate therewith. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for making further Provision for the Secretary and Usher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and for the Clerks in the Office of the-Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and for providing additional Clerks for the said Office. 636

lxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Sheffield to Ttnfiey, in the West Riding of the County of York. 639

lxvi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to complete and extend their Works, and for better supplying the said Canal with Water; and also for vesting in Tru flees for the said Company of Proprietors, His Majesty's Right and Interest in certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishet of King's Norton and Northfield, in the County of Wor-cefier, forfeited to The Crown. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Northern Light Houses to crest Light Houses on the Isles of Man and Calf of Man. Ibid.

lfcviii. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, deanfing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and Public Placet within Part of the Precinct of Saint Katherine, in the County of Middlesex. 641

lxix. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

hex. An Act for establishing a Church or Chapel in Touteth Fark, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill, \n the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and ProvisioM of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for widening, altering and rebuilding Ouse Bridge, in the City of York, and for widening certain Streets, and making other Improvements in the said City. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for b .2 erect-

XU

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

erefttng a Bridge over the River of Ross, at the Town of New Ross, in the County of Wexford. Page 64.1

lxxiii. An Act for erecting and maintaining a BrideweH, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices, for the Burgh of Patflcy and County of Renfrew. ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act: of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Worn-borne to Princes Find, and from G of pel End to the Village of Over Penny and thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Old Stratford, and to be continued from the same Turnpike Road at the Town of Stony Stratford to the Town of Newport Pag-nell, in the County of Bucks. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Southwark to Deptford, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for lighting, watching and cleansing certain Parts thereof, and other Places in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surry. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dundalk to Dun-leer, in the County of Louth. Ibid.

ixxviii. An Act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution called The Caledonian Asylum, for sup-norting and educating Children of Soldiers, Sailors and Marines, Natives of Scotland, and of indigent Scotch Parents resident' in London, not entitled to Parochial Relief. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for defraying the Expence incurred in rebuilding the Parish Church of Hdnworth, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 642

lxxxi. An Act to amend several Acts for the Management and Direction of the Meath Hospital, or County of Dublin Infirmary, and for the better regulating the fame. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for the more equal Assessment of Money presented to be raised by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Cork, and for a new Valuation of the said City and Survey of the Liberties thereof, and for other Purposes relative to Grand Juries. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money to complete the Montgomeryshire Canal, and to extend the Power of deviating from, and making certain Alterations in Part of the original Plan, and for explaining and rendering more effectual an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty for making the said Canal. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts made in the Thirty second and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Support and Maintenance of Ramsgate Har* hour, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for providing a Market for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for embanking and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beninglon, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads in and leading through and from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lS

lxxxviii. An Act to rectify a Mi (lake in an Act of this Seffiofl of Parliament, for continuing and amending several Acts fof repairing the Road from Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chef terfield, in the County of Derby. R°ge 642

lxxxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads communicating with the West and East India Docks, and for repairing the Cannon Street Road, and for making and maintaining a new Road to Barking, and a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Tilbury Fort, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and also for making a new Branch of Road from King David Lane, Shadwell, to the Essex Road at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.xc. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Shenfield to Harwich and Rockford, and other Places in the County of Essex, and for extending the said Act to the Road from Great Hallingbury to Hockerill, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

xci. An Act for enlarging and improving the West End oj Cheapside, in the City of London, also Saint Marten's L Grand, Aldersgate Street, Saint Anne's Lane and Fofiei Lane, and for providing a Site for a new Post Office between Saint Martin's Te Grand and Foster Lane aforesaid

643

xcii. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands Low Grounds and Marshes, and other Lands and Ground lying in the Parishes of Wormegay, Should ham, Mar ham Middleton, Pentney, East Winch and West Bilney, in the County of Norfolk. 67 s

xciii. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Ci tizens of the City of London, to provide convenient Court of Justice in and for the said City* Ibid.

xciv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Whole o Part of a certain Bridge across the River //is, in or near the City of Oxford, called Folly Bridge, otherwise Bridge

and for widening the fame Bridge and improving the Ap proaches thereto. 67*

xcv. An Act to continue the Term and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed for repairing the Road froti Reading to Speenhamland and Puntfeld, in the County' o Berks, and other Roads in the said County. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for building a new Church, and also a Work house, in the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset

Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, so building a new Prison in the City of London, and for removing thereto Prisoners confined under Civil Process in the Gaol o Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and alf< the Prison of Ludgate. Ibid.

xcix. An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Brest to be sold in the City of London and Liberties thereof, anc within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of tht Royal Exchange; and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal Flour and Bread, and to regulate the Weights of Bread withii the fame Limits. Ibid.

c. An Act for draining and allotting Otmoor, in the County o Oxford. 68j

> -

[Private, printed}) 55° GEO. III. xiM

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. \ N Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Agmondesham

otherwise Amersham, in the Counties of Buckingham and Hertford. P&gc 686

2. An Act for inclosing Lands within the ParHh of Headon

cum Upton, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

3. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Hey don, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of SmaHbvrgk, in

the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Tithing of Hawley, in the Parish of Tately, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Warcqp, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

7. An Act for inclosbgLands in the Parishes of Stoke next

Nay land. Nay land, Wifon otherwise Wiffington, Ajjtngton and Polstead, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dundry, in

the County of Somerset. Ibid.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands Within the ParHh of Manby, in

the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

10. An Act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor,

Common or Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Caton, in the Parish of Lancq/hr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

«I. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Redgrave, aid Hamkt of Botefdale, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ricking-

hall Superior, Ricking hall Inferior and Hindercley, in the County of Suffolk. 687

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of WcRon

Market, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

14. An Act for vesting Part of the Residuary Estate of

Hannah Silcock Widow, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell and dispose of the fame; and to lay out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses. Ibid.

15. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Pieces or

Parcels of Ground, Messuages and other Hereditaments, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand otherwise Strand otherwise Savoy, formerly the Estate of James Joye Esqirire, deceased, in Trustees, upon the Trusts in an In-denture of Release of the Twentieth Day of December One thoofaad seven hundred and thirty five, declared concerning the same Hereditaments. Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Burton in Kendal, in the several Counties of Westmorland and Lan safer; and for converting the fame into Stinted Pasture. Ibid.

17. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Lands and

Grounds within the several Tithings of Bourton, Easton, Horton, Nurjleed and Week, in the Parish of Bishops Can-ssags, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

i&. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Town-fcip of Shipley, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

19. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Grajby, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

fco. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes,

Lands in the Parish of Brodsworth, in the County of York. Page 6&J

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the ParHh of Dewlish, in

the County of Dorset. Ibid.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of

Meffonby, in the County of York. Ibid.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in* the Town ships oi Bramp-

ton, Wath upon Dearne and Swinton, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the ParHh of Netion

otherwise Neight on, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corfcombe, in

the County of Dorset. Ibid.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of South

Runtton and Holme, otherwise RunSon Hohnefvaxht County of Norfolk. 68

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Apple-

treewick, in the Parish of Bumfal\ in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hilperton

and Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Miferden

otherwise Miferdine, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

30. An Act for inclosing the Marsh Common, otherwise Sab

Marsh, in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

31. An Act for inclosing Harwich Moor, in the Parish of

Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Stans-field, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York. Ibid.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Lordship of

Witherjlack, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Rum-

worth, and Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

35. An Act for inclosing Wifewood Common, in the Parish of

Ecclesfield, in the County of York. Ibid.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thornhill,

in the Parish of Thornhill, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llangein-wen and Llanbed r Newborough, in the County of Anglesea.

38. An Act to carry into Effect the Contracts made for the

Sale of certain Parts of the Estates of the most Noble Henry Pelham, Duke of Newcastle, situate in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and to supply the Defects occasioned by the Loss of the Conveyances thereof to the Purchasers. Ibid.

39. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, in the County of Somerset, of Sir Henry Strackey Baronet, in Trustees upon Trust, to be sold, and for in veiling the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the former Uses, and for enabling the Trustees to concur in making a Partition of such of the fame Estates as are now held by Sir Henry Strachey and other Persons in undivided Shares* 689

40. An

40. An Act for inelofinr Lands within the Township of Sut-

ton, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York. Page 689

41. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of

Hutton Roof, in the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland. /hid.

4*- An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brtadfall, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Hartlebury, in the Parish of Hartlebury, in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in Brampton, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hindring-

ham, in the Countr of Norfolk. Ibid.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of ARon

Rogers and Cound, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Marcham, in the Parish of Marcham, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

4$* An Act for explaining and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, in the Parishes of Cricklade Saint Sampson and Cricklade Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

49. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of WiUefden, in the County of Middlesex.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upton Lovell,

in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stoke other*

wife Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham, and Hamlet of Wtn-nold, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

52. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Lordship of North Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

53. An Act for empowering the Trustees under the Will of

James Milnes Esquire, deceased, to effect a Partition of the Estates whereof undivided Shares were devised by such Will. 690

54. An Act to enable the Devisees in Trust and Executors named in the Will of William Nunn Esquire, deceased, to grant Leases of his Residuary Leasehold Estates. Ibid.

55. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common or Commonty of the Lomonds of Falkland, in the Parishes of Falkland and Strathmiglo, in the County of Fife. Ibid.

56. An Act for enabling the Sale of all or any Part of the

Stocks already transfen&d in Redemption of Part of the Annuity of Six thousand eight hundred and seventy Pounds, payable out of the Consolidated Fund in lieu of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerageof Wines granted by King Charles the Second to Henry First Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the Stocks which shall be transferred in Redemption of the Remainder of the fame Annuity, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands and Hereditaments and for other Purposes. Ibid.

57. An Act for vesting the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Bnrjlcm, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the net Monies thence arising in providing a Parumage House for the said Rectory, and in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled and annexed thereto. Ibid.

58. An Act for vesting certain Hereditaments devised by the

Will of Thomas Skip Dyot Bucknall Esquire deceased, callet The Dyot Estate, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to la] out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of othei, Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Page 69c

59. An Act for uniting the Vicarage and Rectory of Bishop font, in the County of Wilts, and within the Diocese o Salisbury, into one Rectory, with Cure of Souls. Ibid.60. An Act for exonerating certain Tithes in the Manor o Shire oaks, in the Parish of Work fop, in the County of Not tingham, from the Payment of Four several Annuities, am from the Repairs of the Chapel of Shireoaks, and for charg ing Freehold Lands and the Tithes thereof, within the fanu Manor, with the future Payment of the said Annuities, an< with the said Repairs. Ibid.

61. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of WincheRer to grant

Leases of Lands allotted to him under an Act of the Fiftietl Year of His present Majesty, for difafforefting the Forest o: South other wise East Bere otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest. Ibid.

62. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Sii Francis Boynton Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and foi applying the Produce in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. Ibid.

63. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain settled Estates 01

Ann Powell, Widow, and Elizabeth Parry, and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the fiigl Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to d< settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

64. An Act for enabling Nathanael Bishop Esquire to carr]

into Execution certain Articles of Agreement for a Building Lease of a Part of his Settled Estate, in the Parish of Sain Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, entered int< by him with Robert Clarke Gentleman and Henry Richard son Gentleman. Ibid.

65. An Act for exchanging certain Fee Simple Estates of the Reverend John Dampier Clerk, in the Couaty of Somerset for certain Settled Estates of the said John Dampier an< Mary Charlotte his Wife, in the same County. 69:

66. An Act for effectuating an Agreement for Sale of Part o

the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rector of the Pari (I Church of Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, for the Uf of the Royal Military Asylum. Ibid.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chittern

Saint Mary and Chitterne All Saints, in the County of Wilts and for repealing an Act passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parifl of Chitterne Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

68. An Act for enlarging and repairing the Parish Churche

of Eq/l and West Tetgnmouth, in the County of Devon, an< for authorizing the Sale of divers Hereditaments in Eaj and West Teignmouth, Islington and High week, in the fail County $ and for discharging the Expences to be occasione< thereby. Ibid.

69. An Act for better carrying into Execution the Trust

of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County o Kent. Ibid.

70. An Act for vesting in a new Truste^upon the subsistinj

Trusts, certain Estates of John Mason Esquire, deceased

now veiled in Infant Trustees. Ibid.

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sandhurjt, ii

the County of Berks. Ibid.

(Private, not printed?) 55° GEO. III. xt

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

7t« A M Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of W00L /V mmgtnm and Graff hem, in the County of Sussex 7|« An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cottingham cum Middleton, in the County of Northampton.

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ilminster, in the County of $omeryjt.

75. An Act for mc\ouog Lands in the Parish of Packwood, in the County of Warwick.

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eafi Bergbolt, in the County of Suffolk.

77. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township, Hamlets or Manors of Toulgreave and Middleton by Toulgreave, both in the Parish of Toulgreave, in the County of Derby.

[And/or making Compensation for Tithes.]

7$. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Knocks m tike Parish of Long Marton, in the County of Westmorland. [And for making Compensation for Tithes. J 79- An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Papworth Everard, in the County of Cambridge, to An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Barf on and Berkswell\ in the County of Warwick. ftl. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gwnnws,

and fereral other Parishes therein mentioned, and in the township of Uanrhyfiid Mevenidd, in the County of Cardigan.

[Commi/ouers of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or Surveyor General of Land Revenues, to appohd AJffiant Commissoner, Allotment to His Majesty, Sis Heirs and Successors as Lord of the Manor of mev-tssidd. His Majesty's Allotment may be sold before ex-station of Award. Extras of Award relating to His a Allotment to be sent to Cornnuffoners of His Majesty's Woods, Forefis and Land Revenues. His Majesty's Rights set forth in Award. Proviso for Bis Mayfl/s Right to Mines and Minerals. J ta % An Act for continuing and confirming on Sir Henry Hal-ford Baronet, and the Heirs Male of his Body, the Surname and Anna of Hafford only.

Ij. An Act for carrying into effect an Agreement between the Right Honourable Stef ben. Earl of Mount Cashel, and John Power of Ajffane, in the County of Waterford, Esquire, for the Surrender to the said Earl of a Lease for Lives, re-, newable for ever, of certain Lands of Kilcorroon, called Daub hi the County of Tipperary, comprised in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of the said John Power with Am his Wife, deceased.

If An Act for effecting a Partition between Thomas Coulthard and James Battin Coulthard Esquires, of Estates in the Cotsnty of Southampton.

S$- Am Aft for ifdcfeng Lands in the Parishes of Isle Abbots, Fivehead, Swell, Curry Mallett, Curry Rivell, Beercro-oomJke, AJbUl Jftou9 White Laekington, and Isle Brewers, in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Hamlet of Little Rowjley, in the Parish of Darley, in the County of Derby.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Frecken-kam, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tribes.]

88. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chard, in the County of Somefltt.

89. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Noneley, in the Parish of Loppington, and County of Salop.

90. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Chtppiiif Barnet and East Barnet, in the Parish of Barnet, in the County of Hertford.

[Afo Lease of Lands, by RtSor of Barnet, without Con sent of His Mafcfiy, his Heirs and Successors as Patrons of the said ReSory.]

91. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Rowington and Bushwood\ in the Parishes of Rowington, Old Stratford and Lapworth, in the County of Warwick.

f And for making Compensation for Tribes."j

92. An Act for inclosing Lanas in the Parishes of MacncUr ehog, Llangolman and Llandilo, in the County of Pem* broke.

93. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Uffculme, Halberton and Will ana, in the County of Devon.

94. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longhorn, in the County of Norfolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tribes.]

95. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Piddle-trenthide otherwise Colliers Piddle, in the County of Dorset.

[ And for making Compensation for Tithes.1

96. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thompfin, io the County of Norfolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tribes.]

97. An Act to exonerate certain Estates and Trust Money from the Payment of a Jointure Annuity settled upon the Right Honourable Margaret Lady Sommers, and from Portions settled on the younger Children of the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, by the said Margaret Lady Sommers, his Wife, and for charging the fame upon other Manors and E dates in the County of Wor» cester, and for confirming a Decree of the Court of Chan-ceiy, and other Purposes relative thereto.

98. An Act for vesting a settled Ettate of George Marriott in him in Fee Simple, and for settling another Ettate in lieu thereof.

99. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Colling-bourn Kingdom, and Burbage, and in the Tithing of Poulton, in the Parish of Mildenhall, in the County of Wilts.

100. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or District of Caereinion Uchoed, in the County of Montgomery.

101. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hepworth, in the County of Suffolk.

102. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township or Liberty of Teftley otherwise Wsy, within the Manor and Parish of Teftley otherwise Ijfley, in the County of Oxford.

[Ana for making Compensation for Tithes.]

103* An Act to enable Abraham Gray Harford Esquire, and his Heirs, to take the Name and bear the Arms of Batterjby, pursuant to the Will of William Batterjby Esquire.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Archibald John Earl of Rofebery with Harriet Countess of Rofebery his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

105. An Act to enable Henry Thomas Esquire, and his Issue,

to

XVI

to use and bear the Surname and Arms of Greene, pursuant to the Will of his maternal Grandfather Henry Greene, Clerk, deceased.

106. An Act for confirming the Inclosure of certain Lands in the Parish of Bourne, in the County of Southampton, so far as relates to certain Allotments made to Elizabeth Carter Widow and John Carter deceased.

107. An Act for enabling the surviving Trustee of Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Samuel Eger ton Brydges Baronet, veiled in Trustees by an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Trust, to be sold or exchanged, to convey the same to the subsisting Uses, discharged'o? the Trulls of the said Act.

108. An Act for enlargimgand rendering more effectual certain Powers granted to the Trustees of the Chapelry of Smethwick, in the County of Stafford.

1 of An Act for enabling Charles New dig ate Parker, calling himself Charles Newdigate New deg ate Esquire, to take the Name and Arms of New degate; and also for extinguishing a certain Rent Charge (subject to a Life Estate k Part thereof)

pursuant to certain Conditions contained in the Will and Co dicil of Sir Roger Newdigate Baronet, deceased.

110. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Moul fey and West Moulsey, in the County of Surry.

[Allotment to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors a Lords of the Manor of East Moulsey otherwise Moulsey Prior 5 and for making Comtenfation for Tithes. ExtraS of Award relating to His Majesty's Allotment fen to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forcjls am Land Revenues, car $0 the Surveyor Gehet&l of Hi Majestf s Land Revenue. His Majesty's Allotment ma he fold before Execution of Award* Provish for His Majesty as Lard of the said Manor.]

111. "An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Charles Christi Esquire with Thomafinenis now Wife, and for enabling hir. to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned

112. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Diston Powlex with Louisa his Wife, and to enable him to fnarry again and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FOURTH Session of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and

56° GEORGE III.

T

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain. Page 697

*. An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven-toen, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

6gS

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on

Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, m Great Britain; and on Peufioits, Offices and Personal Eft&tes, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fatten. Ibid.

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions by Exche-

tper B3k, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 708

5* An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Thirty fcveoth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence of Naval Courts Martial, and to nmlate Imprisonment under such Sentences. 709

i» An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thodhnd eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding ef Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England. 710

7. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and amend an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for empow-etug the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply far the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Hid.

56 Geo. III.

8. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One than-sand eight hundred and Seventeen, an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Goo dHope.

Fage 711

9. An Act for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets

or Passage Vessels entering or departing any of the Ports of Great Britain. Ibid.

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 71k

it. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 71a

12. An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament,

for naturalizing His Serene Highness Leopold George Fre-derich Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Mei/Jcn, Landgrave of Thuringucn, Prince of Cobourg of Saaifeld. 716

13. An Act for the Naturalization of His Serene Highness

Leopold George Frederick Duke of Sane, Margrave of Metffen, Landgrave of Thuringucn, Prince of Cobourg of Saaifeld; and settling his Precedence. 717

14. An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Six Milhous towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. Ibid.

15. An Act to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce,

concluded between His Majesty and The United States of America. 718

16. An Act for better regulating the Offices of Receivers of

Crown Rents. 719

17. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July On#

thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. 736

18. An Act to suspend, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain. Ibid.

c 19. Ah

19. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported. Page 726

20. An Act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and 'Things under the Management of the Commissionera of

Cuiloma and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland. 727

21. An Act to revive and continue, until Two Years ^fiter the Expiration of the Restrictions upon Payments in Cash by the Bank of Eugitmdf an Act for suspending the Operation-of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for reftnrming the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England. 728

22. An Act for the rrtore§eft«afly detaining in <Custody

Napoleon Buonaparte. Ibid.

23. An Act for regulating the Intercourse with the Island of

Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Bounaparte shall be detained theie.; and f$r indemnifying Periqns in the cases therein mentioned. 730

24. An Act for better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augustay and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxet Margrave of Meijfeny Landgrave of Thuringueny Prince of Cobourg of 'Saatfild. 732

*5. An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Butter. 733

26. An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation

of Cheese. 734

27. An Act to amend several Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one. Ibid.

2$. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 739

39. An Act to make perpetual certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs, on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to repeal so much of several Acts passed in the Forty seventh, Forty ninth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as charge any Loans made for the Service of the Years One thousand eight hundred and seven, One thousand eight hundred and nine, and One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the War Duties of Customs or Excise, and to charge such Loans on the Duties of Customs made perpetual. Ibid.

30. An Act for indemnifying the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and all Persons who may have acted under their Authority, in relation to certain Orders issued arid Things

done relative to certain Acts regarding the Distilleries m

Scotland. 740

31. An Act for transferring all Contracts and Securities entered into with or given to the Commissioners for Trans-ports to the Commimoners of the Navy and Victualling.

_ 741

32. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to

Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 742

33. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those

JvPurposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and seven teen; and tc

permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted tc make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures ol Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. Page 743

34. An Act to charge an -additional Duty on Corks, ready made, imported into Great Britain. Ibid.

35.. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Collection of the Tonnage Duty upon Ships Inwards; for empowering the Lords of the Treasury to regulate the Hours of Officers* Attendance in the Port of London; and for permitting Ships to commence avid complete their loading of Coals before the Delivery of the Fitters* Certificates. Ibid.

36. An Act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Reigns of

King Edward the Fourth and King Richard the Third which prohibit the Importation of Wrought Goods and certain other Articles. 744

37. An Act to permit the Importation of Prunes the Produce of Germany. 745

3&. An Act Xo empower .His Majesty to suspend the Ballot or Enrolment for the Local Militia. Ibid.*

39. An Act to reduce the Number of Days of Muster or

Exercise of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry. Ibid.

40. An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of

July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England. Ibid.

41. An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irtfh Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 746

42. An Act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundred

thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 747

43. An Act for making certain Allowances of the Duties

payable on Malt and Beer. 748

44. An Act to repeal the Duties, Allowances and Draw-

backs of Excise, on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland; and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in Heu thereof. 754

45. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-

ing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

seventeen. 755

46. An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List. 758

47. An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred

thousand Pounds Irtfh Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 761

48. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing

of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. Ibid.

49. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates. '762

50. An Act to regulate the Sale-of Farming Stock taken in

Execution. 764

51. An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Seffirin or

Parliament, intituled An Act to carry into Ejfetl a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America. 76$

52. An

{Pt/liik'GeJumj) 5fi°(3H(Vjni.

1 Mi

ft. A* Ad ioamtn4aid>tiidermorofeffectualart Ad p*ffed ia thefeft Session of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Perfect to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lauda, and for other Purposea therein mentioned. Page 766

yp An Act to amend and render more effectual Three several Acts passed in the Forty eighth. Forty ninth, and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Redodion of the National Debt to gnat Life Annuities. Ibid.

54. An Act for raiseig the Sum of Thirteen Millions by: Exchequer Bills, for the Senrice of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 767

5f. An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting the Sam of Five hundred thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to enlarge the Powers vetted iiu the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland. 768

56. Act A A to repeal the several Stamp. Duties in Ireland,

and also several Acts for the CoUedion and Management of the said Duties, and to grant* new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof 5 and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and maaaging thosaid Duties. 773

57. An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Tirr-

laadf in reiped of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male. Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the roorceflfodual CoUe&ioc of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes. 858

58. An Act to reprol an Act made in the Fifty ford Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Manufacture and Ufo of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter.

882

59. An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Malt made in Ireland and certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks krefped thereof. 884

fe. An Act to authorise, the transferring Stock upon which Dividends Rail remain unclaimed for the Space of at.least Ten Years at the Bank of England, and also all Lottery Prises or Benefits, and Balances of Sons issued for paving the Priodpsls of Stocks or Annuities, which shall not nave been demanded for the same Period, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. 887

61. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 889

62. An Act for eroding, an Harbour for Ships to the*. East-

md of Dunlaary, within the Port of Dublin*.Ibid.

63. An Act to regulate the General Penitentiary for Con-vids, at MtUbaab, in the County of Middlefen. 899

64. An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Militia of Great Britain, and to amend other Acts relating thereto.

906

65. An Act to explain and amend the Acts for granting Duties on the Profits an fin g from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices* so hr. as extend to the due Assessment and CoUedion of the Duties for past Years; for confirming certain Abatements already made of the said Duties, and exempting Collectors' Bonds from the Stamp Duties.

907

66. An Act for reducing the Duties payable -on Horses, : >fed for the Purposes therein mentioned, for Two Years; sad /or repealing the Ada granting Allowances in respect of Children. 909

67. An Act to enable such. Officers,; Marines and Soldiers, as bane been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or ia tk Milling ac any Corpse of Fcnoible Men, fmee the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign* to rurpk Trades. 911

681. An Act to provide for a New Silver Comage, and/to re-

gjftfale the Curi^ncy.of the Gold; aid Silver Com of this Realm. Page 912

69. An Act to icontinue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen* Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain and for granting other Duties in lieut hereof.

916

70. An Act to-alter and amend several Acts rel&ting/to the

Redemption of the National Debt of Ireland, and to make further Provision in respred thereof. Ibid.

71. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for dischargrag certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Competition Rents in Ireland... 918

72. An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act ofnhe

Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign for authorizing the billet tin gaud subjecting to Military Difctpline certain Yeomanry Corps and.Officers of 'Cavalry, or r Infantry, as relates for such Corps in Ireland* 919

73. An Act for removing Difficulties in the Convidioa of

Offenders Healing Property from Mines. Ibid.

74. An Act for the Purchase of certain Lands, Tenements

and Hereditaments at Shearnest and Chatham, in the County of Kent, for the Use of the Navy. 020

75. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Im-

portation into, the United Kingdom, of RapecSeed and Cole Seed, and to grant other Duties in* lieu. thereof. 92$

76. An Act for repealing the several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, frotnvany Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other .Bounties in lieu thereof until the^ Fifth Day of One*thoustmd. eight hundred and eighteen. Ibid.

77. An Act to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for*repealing the Provisions of former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of

Trade to the South Sea Company. 924

78. An Act for the better regulating and securing: the Col-

ledion of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein. 925

79. An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs oa Rape

Seed Cakes, Ltnfeed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and-other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, importecLinto Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.* 044

80. An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commiflaou-ers of His Majesty1* Navy resident on Foreign Stations to grant Certificates of Stores or Goods, which, may be sold by such Officers or Commissioners at such Foreign. Stations.

942

81. An Act to alter the Period daring which Manufacturers

of Oil of Vitriol are to deliver in their Accounts.: 943

82. An Act to render valid the judicial: Acts of Surrogate*

of Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Offices of Judges of such Courts. Ibid.

83. An Act for regulating the carrying of Passengers to and from the I Hand of Newfoundland and Coast of Labrador. Ibid.

84. An Act for the better Accommodation/of His Majesty*! Packets within the Harbour of Hole he ad, in the Island of Anglesea; and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein. 945

83. An Act to make further Regulations for securing-the

CoUedion of the Duties of Customs and Excise iu Ireland and for the Importation into Ireland of American Staves, and of old Plate and Books from Great Britain* Ibid.

86. An Afor estabiiftung Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in tms Kingdom, iff certain cases, for c 2 Two

THd .TCELES> of the-STA'TOTES,

it

oftfar Adv aftd until the End ttib fcffiowtrf Partameatvn which thefendTtfo Years expire; rf Parliamemthall be theft fitting. Pape 948 +f>'An Ad"* regulate Prtx^dmgsofGrand Juries in Aftfato/^ap^ Indictment. \ -953

'WlAti A A to amend the Law of inland respecting the Re-« cbverv of Tenements frottMbfconding, overholding, and v defaulting Tenants \ and far the Protection of the Tenant t; frt>mundue Distress. Ibid.

#9. At Ad to provide far the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Inland, for the Service of the Year

- < One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 958

90. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and

Contingent Expences of the Disembodied MiHtia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Offi-

- cera. Adjutants, Surgeons* Mates and Serjeant Majors of

MSitia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ferentseen. 959

91. An Act to regulate the Trade of the Colonies of De- merara, Berbtce and Effequibo; to allow the Importation -- into, and Exportation from, ftch Cronies, of certain Ar-: tides, by Dateh Proprietors of the European Dominions of 'His Majesty the King of the Netherlands $ and to repeal»- an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty,

- for permitting a Trade between the United Provinces and

certain Colonies in His Majesty's Possession. 961

'9ft/- An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the

o. United States of America. 963

5J. An Act for enabling the Officers of the Customs at^Creeks, Harbours and Basins of Great Britain, to take Entries of Ships and Goods arriving from and bound to 1 Ireland. Ibid.

94«' An Act for allow Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take crushed Rock Salt, Duty free, for making such'}* Add or Oxymuriate of Lime, for bleaching Linen and »*' Gottorn o6±

*9J. An Act to authorize such Person as His Majesty shall \appoint to transfer a certain Sum in Three Pounds err Cent.

' deduced Annuities, now Handing in the Name of the dif-

v. solved College of Hertford, in the University of Oxford; J and aUo to*receive Dividends doe upon such Annuities.

1*9 65

6. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor 'J most Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the'v Sum of Three MilKons, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. Ibid.

7. An Act to authorise the advancing, for the Public Ser-v v vice, a Proportion of the Balance that shall remain from

- time to time in the Bank of England for the Payment of '? Dividends on account of the Public Debt, for Lottery

: Prizes or- Benefits not claimed, and Principals of Stocks and Annuities remaining unclaimed. 967

98. An Act to unite mrs consolidate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland/ and to provide for the Application thereof to the General Service of the United Kingdom. 968

99. An Act to vest the Elgin Collection of ancient Marbles and Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Museum for the Ufa of the Public. 974

100. An Act for more effectually securing the Liberty of the Subject* 975

oft. An Act for enabling the Officers in His Majesty's Navy, t and their Representatives, to draw for and receive their Half Pay; and for transferring the Duty of making certain Payments from the Clerks of the Cheque at His Majesty VD ode Yards !o the Gkrksoftb© Tnsfifar oi

- the Navy at the fame* Yards.: Petme 97<

ro2. An act" Ad to amend the Act of the Fifty third Year o* His present Majesty^ intituled An Act for the Relief of In fihoentt Debtors in England; and to give farther Powers tc the Court appointed by the said Act. 97c;

103* An Act for farther securing the Duties on Paper anc Pasteboard; and for repealing the Countervailing Duty upon Pasteboard imported from Ireland, and the Drawback Upon Pasteboard exported t and granting other Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. Ibid.

104. An Act for the making more effectual Provision for the

Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persont making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vessels j for licensing Luggers employed in the North Sea Fishery 5 and obliging Exporters of Exciseable Goods on Drawback to give Notice of Shipment. 985

105. An Act to amend and continue, uoftil the End of the

next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally 5 and to grant and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Inland respectively. 992

106. An Act to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland, Upon

Wadi and Spirits and Distilfers' Licences 5 to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn- for Home Consumption in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.' , 994

107. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain', fa far as relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded m any Commissary Court in Scotland. toooo

108. An Act to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties of Excise on Beer and Mah; to alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glass* and to prevent Frauds therein. Ibid.

109. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of ltd/One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty

sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an- additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. 1*603

110. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Curriers. Ibid.

111. An Act to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirits-distffied

in Ireland, to reduce the Drawback on such Spirits exported to Foreign Parts, and to make further Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties and the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland, 1005

112. An Act to make certain Provisions for modifying the

foveral Acts for imposing and levying of Fines, in reiped of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Inland. 1011

113. An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits1 in Great Britain, and for imposing/Other Duties id fieu thereof.

J017

114. An Act to regulate the Conveyance of Passengers from the United Kingdom to the United States of America, in British Vessels. 1018

lie. An Act for ratifying the Purchase of the Claremont Estate, and for settling the same as a Residence for Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augufia and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Co-hour? of Saalfeld. Ibid.

116. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled

dymm'eeashtQo 5m£m.

kaatrifed AtrA&fae*sie)Abolition of1GmA<dndd*ker*l?ccs »' omsmMed with the Gaols in EdgkiicL ? P«fr*4e23

\iy. An Act to aineud a* Act pdfedin the Thirty n/uth^and Jhrtpetkx Year of the Reign of Hi* prtfeot Majesty7 for, Ihrfefe CdMr of I*fane Pterfona charged with Defences.

ind.

isfl. Aik Ad far admitting Oil and Blubber from the Brittish Ct4onie» io North America* upon. Payment of the like Duty

m Od and Blubber Awn Newfoundland. 1024

An Act to espbra and amend an A d pa {fed in the pre-t Session of Parliament for puniftdng Mutiny and Defer-

tioa in aefatnm to the Transportation of Offenders. Ibid.

1 JO. An Act to procure Annual Returns of Persons Committed, tried and convicted for Criminal Offences and Mif-dnueaaors in Ireland. 2025

i*x. An Act for defraying, until the .Twenty fifth Day of Jwmt One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Change of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Albwaacer in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Dud Militia during Peace* 1027

in. An Act to make Prorifion for securing* for a Time to be limited, the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty*1 Courts Exchequer in Ireland* 1028

1 tg. An Act to continue, until the Filth Day of Abril One rhoufind eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty Fosrth Year of His present Majesty, for expkining and — nding several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding df Faros, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons sm their Benefices in England. 1030

1x4. An Act to coatinne, until the First Day of August One thdafaad eight hundred and seventeen, Two Acts of the fiftieth and Forty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London

and Westminster. Ibid.

115, An Act for the more effectual P uni foment of Persons* watously deffroying or damaging Buildings, Engines and Machinery, tiled in and about Collieries and other Mines, Waggon Ways, Bridges aid other Works, used in conveying and dapping Coals and other Minerals; and for enabling the Owners of such Property to recover Damages for the Injury lb flamed. 1031

12A An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 1032

say- An Act to reduce the Duty on the Exportation from Great Britain of Small Coals of a certain Descriptio*. 1033 lift. An Act to amend Two Acts, : made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of .His present Majesty, for opening a mnrr convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park to Chariuo Cross; and for paving the Streets to be made in Marrk bone Park; and' to enable His Majesty to grant ImaU Portions of Land as Scites for Public Buildings, or to be used at Cemeteries within the Bills of Mortality. 1034 isa An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Act hr the Mrimtcnanoe ind Management of the Poor. 1054 »$e* An Act to repefcl on Ad made in the Thirty ninth and

-ru AB >borle*te*d Stoen-

yt teenthXear of the Reign*fl\I&ng George the Second\ intituled:AffA&iSeamndi^nnAelm*r» cfftctual the Laws reled, -: -ing to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly.« Persons t> And to smufes vr.qft Goitrtdion.; and tft mlhr - other Progifioos in ken thereof*-; m -«m P*tgo<&55

*31. An Act to n?yive; and coarinae, until tW Fifteenth Pay of June One thousand eight hundred and feveotecu, fh&ct of the Fifty fecund YeatCof His present Majesty* for. gjfe ifcone effectual Preservatfeft of the Peace^ by^te&Axring^the Duties of Watch»ng>ftnd Wardbg*c .-< < -0CD56

132. An Act enlarging she: tkic for ibakinf die Awapi respediitg Hie Migcfty'e Allotmentsunder act Adwof; the Fifty third Year of* His present Majesty, for* iaotefing Windsor Fpr$ and for extending the Pi^mfiany of the kid Ad..7* v 7 ?r-rrv*: f. -v^JHd.

133* An Act for .malting ftovision tb defray the Annual Charge of any Loan of thisdession'of Parikotcnt.:059

134. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coma consumed m Lead Mines in Cornwall. - r v"z^IKd.

135. An Act for authorizing the Baraneof the Court ^Exchequer i| Scotland to order the Payment of a certmn Sum of Money to be applied' in completing the Crimea Canal.

", h rIO60

136. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant* certs^ Lands,

Tenements and Hereditament*, escheated amt devolved to His Majesty by the Diflblution of Hertford Colleget in the University of Oxford, and the Site of the fined College and Buildings thereon, to the Chancellor, Matters and Scholars of the said' University, in Trust for the Principal and other Members, of Magdalen Hall, for- the Purpose of these re* moving to such Site y and to enable the said Chancftlor, Matters and Scholars of the said University, and the Rresident and Schokrt^of^Saint Mdry Magdalen GoHegeb tptdo all necessary Act for such Remeival.^t cto6i

137. An Act to extend the Ptotifiootof an Act^ef thp/first

Year of the Reign of King James the First, intitukj) An Act for the better Relief of tb* Gredektre ^agoinfi fuabiai J^M become Bankrupts'*, *.* in r.nqk007

138- An Act to abolifo the Pumikment of the Pilkwyi except in certain cases. r y i JbuL

139. An Act to regulate the binding of Parish Apfeettfee

140. An Act for eflobUfoing the Use of an HyduCUnUfer,

called Sikes*a Hydrometer, in ascertainkg the Stresgth of Spirits, instead of Glarket*« Hydrometer. betjo

141. An Act for enabling. Ecclesiastical Corporate 1 Bodies,

under certain Circumstanoes, to alienate X«ands for enlarging Cemeteries or Churchyards.

14a- An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service o( the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffio# rof Parliament, ^.r ...t.Ibid.

ij*/ -v*, % '- - -n.

1"* f- r C ->1- y'" > »-:; 1 4

u y 'j^.1 > ?, 1t > m'i}*

x&ll

The TITLES of the STATUTES, LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. \ N A d for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

±\f Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bour-ton on the HtU % in the County of Gloucester. Page 1082

ii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of

His present Majesty, for- repairing the Road from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Laney in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

Oil An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty's o far as the same relate to the Road from Carter'j Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, .within the Isle of E(pr, in the County of Cambridge* to the Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

iv, An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between- the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Jundson Canal and certain Pecfoos, for supplying with.Water the Inhabitants of the Pariflv.of Padding tony and the Parishes and Streets adjacent, in the County of Middle-fejx. Ibid.

An Act for the better affeiling and cotteding the Poor and other Parochial Rates, in the Parish of Mdchmin

the County - f Surrey* Ibid.

xw. An Act for mating and maintaining a Road frow. Dew-shury to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of Turk.

Hid.

An Act for taking, down the Parish Church of Clifton, in the County of Gloutffkery and for building a new Church, and providing an additional. Cemetery for the Use of the said Parish. Ibid.

viih^An Act to provide for the repairing and maintaining of \ certain Part of several Roads or Ways, leading from IVmdford Us JlfordySm the County of Essex* and for /hutting HP certain other Parts of the said several Roads or Ways. Ibid.

ix* An Act for enlarging, improving, and repairing the Parish Church of Woodford*. in the County of Essex, and for enlarging the Church .Yard or Bunai. Ground of the said Parish. 1803

X^An Act for lighting with Gas the City and County of the City oi Exeter. Ibid.

xi# An Act to amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for'erading. a Bridge over the River Thameiy from the City of.London Xq the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xii# An Act for altering, amending and extending the Powers.ftf Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchef-ter and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 1088

xiii. An Act to enable Temple West Esquire, foie Proprietor of The Royal Circus or Surrey Theatre, situate in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Surrey, to continue the same open, for public Amusement, for a limited time. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to Basingstoke, and from thence to Alton, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Roa from the Town of Nantwich* to Wheelock Wharf \ in tli Township of Sandbachy in the County Palatine-of Chejiet

Page 1 o&

xvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Roa<

from the High Street in the Town of Stourbridge* in the County of Worcester* to the Boundary Stone between the Parish of Warfield* and the Liberties of the Borough o: Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop. 1085

xvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving th*

Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to the End of Guide.Lan&y in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York; and for making a new Road from, the said Road in Brcdbury, to the Bridge over the River Mersey at Port-woody near the Town of Stockport. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Twcaty Mile Stone, on Egham. Hilly in the Coubty of Surrey, to a Place calkd Baftngstone, near the Town of Bagjhoty in the Parish of Windlcsham* in the same County.

Ihief.

xix. An Act for erecting a new Gaol, and Court House in

the Burgh. oiAyr* in the Shire of Ayr. Ibid.

xx. An Act for the Incorporation of The Highland Society of

London; for the better Management of the Funds of the Society; and for renderingits Exertions more extensive and beneficial to the Public. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for preventing. Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes in the County of Middlesex* lying between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth of the River Coin*, near Staines; and also between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackball; and also within the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex* adjoining to both Banks of the River I.ee* and the Branches thereof, between the P iver Thames and Edmonton. 1095

xxii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for constructing an Harbour at PortUeven* in Mould's Bay, in the County of Cornwall.

1108

xxiii. An Act to enlarge, amend and render more effectual the

Provisions of an Act of His present Majesty, for paving and lighting the City of Hereford, and removing Nui/ances therein; and for enabling the Corporation of the said City to fell and apply the Produce of certain Me flu ages and Lands in establishing Market Places, and otherwise improving the said City. 1109

xxiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for building a Church in and for the Parish of Newry* in the Counties of Down and Armagh. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of West Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton; and for establishing a Market within the said Town. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for paving and improving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other

Public

G.

{Local W'&eifitut) GEO. III.

XOtlll

Public Passages and Places in the Town of Melhsham, in County of Wilts. Page 1109

xxvii. An Act to repeal a certain Part of an Act, passed in the Ult Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

nriii. An Act for repairing and altering the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, and for making further Provision for the Rector of the said Parish.1 Ibid.

xxix. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road from Peak Fore/l to Beard, and from Peak Forest aforesaid, to or near to Woodlands, all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxz. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from near Gotten Lodge, in the County of Surrey, to Povey Croft, in the said County. Ibid.

xxxi* An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Roads leading from the Town of Leeminster, in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Lyme Turnpike Road in the Parish of Gittisham, to Sidmouth, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xxxiiii. An Act to rectify a Mrftake in an Act of the-Fifty third Year of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from Bowes, in the County of York, to join the Great North Road, near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road lead-

ing from Faruborough, in the County of Kent, to Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks in the said County. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for altering and amending several Acts in re-

gard to the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Bfcer fold io the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for imposing and continuing a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold-within the Town of Bor-rovsfiewness and .Liberties thereof, hi the County of Lin-JS/bgow, and for extending the fame over the Parish of Borrowftowness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxivii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies &©//, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof; for supplying the said Town with Fresh Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. mo ixxvhi. An Act for amending several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South levels. Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Land* therein mentioned; and for aaproviag the Navigation of the River Ouxe, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Riters communicating therewith. Ibid.

am. An Act for building a new Parish Church and a Parochial Chapel in the Parish of Saint Paneras, in the Couaty of Middlesex, , and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xL An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Pwish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xk. An Act to enable the Lord Provost, Magistrates and

Cooacil of the City of Edinburgh to carry into effect certain Purposes in regard to the Erection of a Chapel at the West End of Prince's Street, and for effecting certain Improvements in the Neighbourhood thereof, and in other Parts of the extended Royalty of the said City. Page mo xlii. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Fifty third and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of Edinburgh; and to alter and amend Two Acts of the Forty third and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, in regard to the Statute Labour of the Middle District of the said County. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town of Keighly, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for improving the Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for better supplying the said Tovyn with Water. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for altering, amending and explaining Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for widening and improving the Street leading from Tower Hill to the Street called Up-per East Smithfield, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for the better repairing the several Roada leading into and from the City of Worcester. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Tyro Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Aldermaflon to Basingstoke, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Berks and Southampton. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for amending the Road from Dudley Hill through Beckwithjbaw to Killingball, and from Beckwith shaw to the South west Corner of Harrogate Inclosures* and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom to Bradford, all in the West* Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Darlastone Bridge to the moil Northern Part of Talk-on-the-Hill in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford, and also the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road to Shelton Wharf, in the said County. 1111

1. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanarkf into the Burgh of Lanark, with a Branch towards Ravenjlruther, in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

li. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham through Wednesburyto High Bullen, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Stafford. Ibid.

lii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Biggleswade to Alconbury Hill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon. Ibid.

liii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury through Ellesmere in the County of Salop, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as relates tt> the .Ellesmere District of the said Roads. Ibid.

liv. An Act to amend an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Wtftmnftery and another Act of the First

xxiv The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Year of King James the Second, for* eroding the said Pfcrish. Page iin

It. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, for making the Manor of P arts Garden a Parish, and to enable the Parish-ioners of Saint Saviour's Southwark to raise a Maintenance for Ministers, and for Repairs of their Church; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

lfi, An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr* in Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

lvii. An Act to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting and otherways improving the Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim* and for better effecting those Purposes. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Town/htps of Crowle, Eastoft and Ealand, in the Parish of Crowle, tn the County of Lincoln, and extending into the West Riding of the County of York; and for draining or warping the said Lands in the Panfties of Luddington* Belton and Acting-fleet* and for making Drains in the Parish of Althorpe; all in the said Counties of Lincoln and York. Ibid.

lix. An Act for building a new Gaol in the City of Bristol* and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for rebuilding and repairing the Piers of Bridlington otherwise Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for granting further Powers for those Purposes. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for amending and enlarging the Provisions of an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale and the Neighbourhood with Water. 1112

lxii. An Act for Building a Bridge across the River Irwell* from the Township of Salford, in the Parish of Manchester* to Strangeway s, in the Township of Cheetham* all in the County of Lancaster; and for making proper Avenues thereto. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames* from the Precind of the Savoy* or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore; and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the County of Surrey; and also for making a new Road in lieu of Part of the Road or Street called Narrow Wall* in the said County of Surrey; and for making an Archway over Part of such new Road; and for denominating the said Bridge The Waterloo Bridge. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of Waterford* and for other Purposes relating thereto. 1118

lxv. An Act for establishing a New Church, called the Church of Saint Mark* situate in the Town and Parish of Liverpool* in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 1119

lxvi. An Act for the better Relief and more effectually employing the Poor of the Township of Shardlow and Wilne, in the County of Derby* and the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned in the said County, and in the Counties of LeiceRer and Nottingham. Ibid.

hcvii. An Act for enlargingHhe Term and Powers of certain Acts for repairing several Roads in the Connties of Wor- cester and Warwick* so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Broomfgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley. Ibid.

*8

lxviii An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of federal Acts, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalfc Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk. Page 1115 lxix. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield* in the County of York, and from Duffeld to Worksworth, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for making and maintaining Highways, Roads. Bridges and Quays, and for regulating Ferries in the Shirt of Argyll; and for altering and repairing certain Military and oUier Roads, Bridges and Quays in the said Shire, and in the Parish of Arrochar* and Sliire of Dumbarton. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for altering and improving Part of the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Dublin* to the New Packet Harbour of Howth* for the Conveyance of His Majesty's Mails; and for amending the several Laws relating to the said Road. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for continuing and amending Four Acts passed in the Reigns of their late Majesties King George the First and King George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Luton to Weflwood Gate, in the County of Bedford* and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for establishing and regulating a Fund for the Widows, Children and Relatives of Officers or Persons belonging to the Department of Customs in England. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for amending an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 1122

lxxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Borrowjlowness by the West of Linlithgow, and by Torphichen* Bathgate and Whitebum* to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow* at or near Holhouseburn; and for making and maintaining a certain Road from Borrow-fowness to the River Avon. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for the more speedy and eafv Recovery of Small Debts, in the City and County of the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset. 1123

lxxvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent* and for the better Assessment and Collection of the Poor Rates and other Rates within the Parish of Gravesend. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horseley Upright Gate* leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts* to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto. 1136

lxxx. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland\ in the County of Berks* to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts* and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Speenhamland District of the said Roads. Ibid.

lxxxi. An

{Local $$ Perfiml) 56' GEO. III. xxv

lxxxi. An Act for the more effectual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Sborebam, in the county of .*..... 4*4*1136-

ixxxn. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching and otherwise improving the several Streets and other rublic Places upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

hxxizi. An Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgo<p to the City of Car/ide. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for eiefting Buddings for the Accommodation of the Court of Chancery. 1137

lxxxv. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse.

Page I I37

lxxxvi. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha. Ibid.

lxxxvii, An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Alwinton*

il in the County of Northumberland. 1143

2. An Act for inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Holton Mo/s or Moore Moss* within the Manor and Tonrnship of Moore, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

3. An Act for ratifying and confirming; certain Exchanges

made under an Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for incloUng Lands in the Parish of Bhdworthy in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thorp Arch and Walton, in the County of the City of York. Hid.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newburn, in

the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township; of Heaton, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York. Ibid.

8. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands and Heredit-

aments belonging to the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in the Town or Borough of Grantham, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled upon the Trusts on which such Meffnages, Lands and Hereditaments are held. Ibid.

9. An Act for confirming and effectuating a Partition of a

Meflbage, Farm and Lands, called Westbourn, otherwise Weffoury Farm, in the Parishes of Paddington, Kensington and Che If to y or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, in which the Very Reverend William Beaumont Bwfiy Doctor in Divinity, and William Hermey Esquire, have undivided Moieties. Ibid.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ecchinfwelly

and especially within the Tything of East Woodbajy other-: wife Wjdbejy in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

j

il An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Tithes and: Dnes payable to the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church: t Saint Miehael upon Wyre9 in the County Palatine of Loweajhr. 1144

IS. At Aft for effecting an Exchange of an Estate devised by the Will of the Reverend Henry Zoueb for an Estate! belonging to John Lowther Esquire, in Fee Simple. Ibid.

56G10.IIL

13. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parish of Leeds,

in the County of York, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Christopher late Lord Bishop of Briflolt in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money urifing by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Page 1144

14. An Act for vesting Parts of the settled Estates of Samuel

Aldersey Esquire, in the County of Chester, in a Trustee, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the feme Uses. Ibid.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Borwicl and Parish of Wart on t in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Alton* in

the Parish of Rocky in the County of Worceder. Ibid.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wellington*

in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of AJkfiggy in

the Parish of Aifgarth and County of York. Ibid.

19. An Act for inclosing Land in the Hamlet of Homesfieldy in the Parish of Dronfieldy in the County of Derby. Ibid.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Briejlwijlle,

in the Parish of Thombilly in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Church Slrettony Wiftanftow and Edgton, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Londejborough, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whijhny in

the County of York. Ibid.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Stainlandy

in the Parish of Haltfauy in the County of York. Ibid.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Saggart,

in the County of Dublin. 1145

26. An Act for inclosing Wtf Sedgmoprt tn the County of

Somerset. Ibid.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Feekenhamy

in the County of Worcester. " Ibid.

28. An Act for felling certain Lands and Heritages in the Shire of Berwick, entailed by Neil late Ead of Roft-berry, deceased, for Payment of the Balance of the

d Price

XXVI

The TITLES of

price of certain other Lands purchased and entailed by him; and for purchasing and entailing other Lands more convenient to the Family Estates. Page 1145

29. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of

Nathan Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. Ibid.

30. An Act for making the Trustees of Prifca Coborn* s Cha-

rity a Body Corporate, and for enabling them to fell Part of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in manner therein mentioned, and to grant Building Leases of other Part of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to appoint new Trustees of such of the Copyhold Estates belonging to the said Charity as are not to be sold. Ibid.

31. An Act for uniting the Rectory of Great Birch, in the County of Essex, with the adjoining Rectory of Little Birch, in the same County, after the next Avoidance of either Benefice. Ibid.

32. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and

Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, and John Knight Esquire, of certain Lands in the County of Wor-cefier. Ibid.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Newcastle

under Lymey Trentham, Woolftanton and Stole upon Trent, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

34. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Dalham, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Town-ftilps or Divisions of Strickland Kettle and Nether Stavely, in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sonning, in

the Counties of Berks and Oxford. Ibid.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Arujlley, in

the County of Montgomery. Ibid.

38. An Act for vesting certain Lands belonging to the Reverend Henry Chatfieldy in the Rector for the time being of the Parish of Balcombe in the County of Stffex, in Exchange for the Parsonage House of Balcombey and the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Parish; and for enabling the said

the STATUTES,

Henry Chatfeld to build a new Parsonage House upon the first mentioned Lands. Page 114

39. An Act for establishing and effectuating an Exchange

made between the Reverend Egerton Robert Nevey Redoi of Middleton Stoney, in the County of Oxford, and the Mo ft Noble John Duke of Bedford, and George Bainbridgt Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Middleton Stoney aforesaid. Ibid.

40. An Act for rendereng valid the Sale of certain Estates ir

the County of Argyll, and a Salmon Fishing in the County of In'ocrnefsj of George Marquis of Tweedaalet made undei the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty. Ibid.

41. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the

Reverend Sir[Charles John Anderson Baronet, in the County of York, in Trustees to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corjbamy in

the County of Wilts. Ibid.

43. An Act for vesting the undivided Parts or Shares of Robert Boyd the Younger, John Boyd and Uriah Boyd, Infants, of and in certain settled Estates in the Parishes of Charlton and Woolwichy in the County of Kent, in Trustees for Sale, and for investing the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

44. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir

Francis Boynton Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Produce in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates. Ibid.

45. An Act for effecting an Exchange of certain Settled

Estates of John Wharton Esquire, for certain other Estates belonging to him in Fee Simple, situate in the Counties of Torky Wejbnorland and Durham. Ibid.

46. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Trust Estates devised by the Will of Philip Burton Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

47. An Act for vesting a certain Settled Estate of Ann Syl-

vefier and others, in Westcotty over Welleott and Nether Westcotty in the County of Gloucestert in Trustees, to be sold lor paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

48. \ N Ad to relieve the Right Honourable George jljL Granville Leveson Gowtry commonly called Earl Gowery who was elected to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Stafford, from certain Penalties and Dif-abilities, which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Respects conformed to the Laws in such case made and provided.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Con^mpns and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Houghton with Cqflleford, in the Parish of Cajlleford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

50. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Mer toq9 called Merton Commoriy in the County of Surrey.

51. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty,

for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cheddary Priddy and Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Larlingy in the County of Norfolk.

53. An Act for making an Allotment or Allotments of Land, in lieu of Tithes and Common Rights, within the Parish of Goddington, in the County of Oxford.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cleatory in the County of Cumberland.

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir George Hilaro Barlow Baronet, Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Bath, with Dame Eli % af otherwise Elizabeth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

j(j. An

(Private, not printed^ 5 6° GEO. III. xxvii

6* An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Downton and Britferd, in the County of Wilts,

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Mor ley, in the West Riding of the County of Ton(7

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Gilligate, in the Parish of Saint Giles, in the County of Durham.

59. An Act for inclosing a certain Common or Trad of Waste Land, called Minith Wood, in the Parish of Lin* ridge, in the County of Worcester,

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Newton, in the Parish of Clodock, in the County of Hereford.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the County of Hereford.

62. An Act for naturalizing David Engelhart.

63. An Act for settling and securing the Lands and Estates of WeJUr Kinnaird, Drumnacarff, Craignuiji, Portinfock, Bainaguard, Balnavert and Wester and Easter Logierait and KUBechaugie, and other Hereditaments in the County of Perth, to and in favour of John Duke of Atholl, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by John late Duke of Atholl, under the Conditions and Limitation* contained in the said Deed, and in lieu thereof for retting certain Parts of the Estates entailed by the said John late Duke of Atholl, lying in the said County, in the said John Duke of Atholl, and his Heirs and Assigns, m Fee Simple.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township and Manor of Hawkfwick, in the Parish of Amclijf, in the West Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Attefiey, in the County of Warwick.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Buciden and Starhotton, in the Parishes of Arnclijfc and Kettiewell, in the County of York.

67. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Dunduff and KJurkbride, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Ayr, to and in favour of Thomas Kennedy, of Dunure, in the fad County, Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to

take by a Deed of Entail and Nomination of Heirs made by Thomas Kennedy, some time of Dunure, Esquire, deceased, under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed, and in lieu thereof, veiling certain Parts of the entailed Estate of Dunure, in the said County, in the said Thomas Kennedy, now of Dunure, and his Heirs and Assignees, in Fee Simple.

68. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty, Lands in the Parish of Everier, in the County of Wilts*

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crudwell, ifi the County of Wilts.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes, Township or Liberties of Roods and Ashton, in the County of Not thampton, and for extinguishing the Tithes thereof.

71. An Act for inclosing Blacl Lyne Common, in the Parish of Bewcadle, in the County of Cumberland.

72. An Act for amending and rendering effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex.

73. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Klein.

74. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of the Advowson of the Church of the Parish of Bagendon, in the County of Gloueefier, belonging to Joseph Pitt Esquire, for a Right which the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Jesus College, within the City and University of Oxford, of the Foundation of Queen Elizabeth, have in the Nomination of a Curate to the Curacy of the Impropriate Rectory of CheU tenham, in the said County, dfo, belonging to the said Joseph Pitt.

75. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Abdy Baronet, with Dame Anne Abdy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

76. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lieutenant General William Dyott with Elinor, otherwise Eleanor, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo Quinto.

f AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty fourth Day of November, Ann*9/\ Domini i % i», in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE die9Third, by the Grace of Gpd, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King,

Defender of the Faith; And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Eighth Day of November 1814, being the Third Session of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and IrelandI

CAP. I.

An Act for die Encouragement and Reward of Petty Officers, Seamen and Royal Marines, for long and faithful Service, and for the Consolidation of the Chest at Greenwich with the Royal. Hospital there- [26th November 1814.]

WHEREAS it is just that Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, should be rewarded for long and faithful

Services: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal9Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, have, by virtue of the several Laws now in force,

9 Power and Authority to grant Out Pensions for the Relief and Support of Petty Officers, Seamen and

Marines, serving, or who may have served on board the Ships and Vessels of His Majesty, who, oa

account of the Length of their Service and their good and faithful Conduct, may be deferring thereof,

9 unless such Seamen and Marines shall have become worn out or decrepit in His Majesty's Service; and it is

therefore expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and effectual Provision made for enabling the

f»d Commissioners and Governors to grant f such Pensions and Rewards: And Whereas it is also expedient9that the Funds belonging to the Chest at Greenwich should be transferred to and incorporated with the Funds9of Greenwich Hospital, and be hereafter administered by the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital,

for the Purposes aforesaid, and the other Purposes of the said Hospital* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be law Pension* to fnl for the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital, by and out of their present Funds, and by S^?cn not^" and out of any Funds which may be by this Act, or at any time hereafter, given or transferred to or to the

Ufc of the said Royal Hospital, to grant Pensions, Remunerations or Allowances, to Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, who on account of the Length of their Services and good and faithful Conduct may be deemed deferring thereof, in like manner as Pensions, Remunerations and Allowances, are now granted to,

Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, who have been wounded or become disabled or worn out in His Majesty's Service.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hof- Regulation* for pits! fhaD, in granting Pensions, be hereafter guided by such Rules and Regulations, and by such Scale and Pensions. Proportion, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit by any Order in Council from time to aae to order, diretd or establish for that Purpose.

III. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hun- Chest at Green-ted and fifteen, the Body Politic and Corporate of the Superrifors of the Chest at Greenwich (a) shall be wicil ad the fame is hereby declared to be utterly and for ever dissolved and extinguished; any Law, Statute or Garter, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 5 and that all Powers, Authorities and Duties, urn fritting in or exercisod by the Superrifors of the said Chest at Greenwich, shall be and are hereby con-frjri, transferred and given to and imposed upon the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal HdpbL (a) rSae 43 G.t. c. 119. f 1. 46 G. 3. c. IOI.}

JY. And be it further enacted, That all Defalcations, Dedudiorisand Abatements, heretofore or at the Fund* of Chest tar d raffing this Act made, from and out of the Wages of Mariners, Seamen and others, in His FuI|dt

J/GkTiII. Majesty* of Hefpittl

C.i.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18

transferred.

Compensation to Officers.

Majesty's Navy, and all Fines and Mulds imposed by Naval Courts Martial, and the Per Centage from and o of the net Proceeds of all Prizes taken by any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Pay, and from ar out of the Droits of Admiralty, and Bounty Bills, which are now paid and applied to and to the Use of tl said Institution, called "The Chest at Greenwichtogether with all other Arrears, Revenues or Property < any Description belonging to the said Institution, shall, from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be vested in and for ever thereafter belong to the Commissioners and G* vernors of the said Hospital, as Part of the Funds of the said Hospital, and be paid, transferred and mac over to the Tfeafarer of Greenwich Hospital, in Aid of the Purposes of this A A, and the General Funds < the said Hospital.

Stock in Hands V. And be it farther enacted, That all and every Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Stool of other Persons Annuities or other Monies Audi, upon the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteei*J be standing Qr being in Trust for or for the Use or Benefit of the said Chest, or in whom any Stool Annuities or other Monies hath or have been in vested for or for the Ufa or Benefit of the said Chest, an the Survivors and the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor shall, as foo as conveniently may be after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, assign an transfer such §tocK, Annuities oy other MonLe8 88 aforesaid unto the said Commissioners and Governors, to t applied by them under the Provisions of this Act; and the said Stock, Annuities or other Moaiss when f transferred, ' and the Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners and Governors in carrying the Act into Execution, shall be under and fabje& to the fame Checks, Controul and Directions, as the othe Funds of the said Hospital now are.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That, in order to make Compensation to such Person or Persons, as ma happen to be removed under and by virtue of this Act from any Offices, Places or Employments in th Affairs of the said Chest, now held and enjoyed by them with Salaries annexed thereto, it shall and may b lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Governors, and they are hereby directed and required, to pa and allow to all and every such Person and Persons (not being again appointed to the like or any other Office* Places or Employments in die Affairs of the said Hospital under and by virtue of this Act, not vacatin: such their said Offices, Places or Employments on any account which would have vacated the fame before th passing of this Act) such Sum and Sums of Money, and payable at such time or times, as and for Compen fation for the Loss of any such Offices, Places or Employments to each of such respective Persons, as to th said Commissioners and Governors, or the major Part of them, in their Discretion shall seem fit; and that al such Allowances shall be defrayed and paid out of the General Funds of the said Hospital.

Appointment of

VII. And be it further enacted, That one fit and proper Person shall, as soon as conveniently may b Accountant and after the passing of this Act, be nominated and appointed to be the Accountant and Paymaster of Pension Paymaster. in the said Royal Hospital, and with such Clerks under him, with such Salaries and fabjed to such Ride and Regulations as the said Commissioners and Governors shall direct; which said Accountant or Paymafte: and Clerks shall be appointed to and removable from their said Offices*respectively, under the same Rules ant Regulations as at present exist with regard ta the other Officers of the said Hospital, except the Govemoi and Treasurer thereof.

VIII. And be it farther enacted, That the said Paymaster of Pensions is hereby required, authorized anc empowered to do and perform all Acts and Duties relating to or concerning all Out Pensions heretofore oi hereafter to he granted from the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, which Acts and Duties are at present performed or required by Law to he performed with regard to such Pensions, or with regard to Penfiom now granted from the Funds of the said Chest by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or the faic Accountant of the Chest at Greenwich respectively; and that the Signature, Acts and Deeds of the faic Paymaster, with regard to all such Pensions as aforesaid, shall he of as full Value and Effect for all Purposei whatsoever, as if such Signature, Ad or Deed were the Signature, Ad or Deed of the said Treasurer or Accountant respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be conltruec to draw Money to extend to enable or authorize the said Paymaster to draw any Monies out of the Bank of England oi cut of Bank, &c. to receive or give Receipts or Acquittances for any Monies on Account of the said Hospital, or to exercisi

any Power or Authority now vested in the said Treasurer for the Receipt and Custody of any Funds belonging to the said Hospital, except as may regard such Sums as may be by the said Treasurer transferred, deliverec or paid to the said Paymaster for the Payment or Discharge of the said Out Pensions; for all which Sums o Mopev the said Paymaster shall, be accountable, and shall account in such manner, and according to fuel Regulations and Restri£Uons as are at present enforced with regard to Allowances now issued for the faic Purposes, or which may be hereafter laid down and established by the said Commissioners and Governors, oj other sufficient Authority,

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Letters and Packet addressed to the said Paymaster for the time being, upon any Bufinest or Affairs rel:ing to the said Hospitalshall, from and after the passing of this Act, be tree from the Duty of Postage; and also, that all Letters oi Packets sent by the said Paymaster of the said Hospital, relating to Out Pensions, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Postage, and all Letters and Packets relating to Out Pensions shall be under Cover, with the Words " Out Pensions, pursuant to Act of Parliament Fifty fifth George Third" printed upon the fame and the said Paymaster or his Chief Clerk shall write his Name under the fame; and if any such Paymaster oi Chief Clerk shall sand or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper or Parcel, othei than those relating to the Out Pensions of the said Hospital, the Person so offending shall, for every fuel Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One htmdred Pounds.

to XI. An<

Duty of Pay master of Pensions.

Paymaster not

Paymaster's Tetters free.

Sending, &c. other Writing, fcc.

Pcmlty.

A.D. 1814.

55° GEORGII IH.

XI. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for tlm Commissionera and Governor* of Penflon^idw Greenwich Hospital, as soon as conveniently may be after the First Day of January One thousand eight ealfod in hundred and fifteen* to call in and retain such pension Tickets as shall have been granted by the Directors of Ar ChtA, and in heu thereof grant other Tickets to the fame or greater Amount* as the case may require* in tk Farm now by Law estabmbed for the Out Pension Tickets of the said Hospital.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Provisions* Rules* Regulations* Powers* Pains* as Prorffions of well of Death as^Otherwise, and all Penalties* Forfeitures, Matters and Things* contained in any Act or Acts former A €t* ex. wow in force relating to Out Pensions granted by the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital* tended to A£L

fleaQ be applied and put in force for the rurposes of this Act, and with respect to the Pensions to be granted t* pursuance hereof* and for carrying the fame into fall Execution and Effect.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered* amended or repealed by any Ad or Afcdt«ed*ttc. Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[See cap. 56. post.]

CAP. II.

'An Act for directing the Application of the Residuary Personal Estate of Anna Maria Reynolds Spinster* bequeathed by her to the Use of the Sinking Fund.

[2<Sth November 1814.]

WHEREAS Anna Maria Reynolds, late of Cleveland Row, in the Parish of Saint James* IVe/hninfier, in the County of Middlesex, Spinster* deceased, did, in and by her last Will and Testament made and published the third Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, among other things* bequeath to the Lords of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and their Successora, all the Rest* Residue and Remainder* of her Estates and Effects* after Payment of her Debts and Funeral Expences, and certain Legacies bequeathed by the said Will and Two Codicils thereto* dated the Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and two* and the Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three* to be applied by them to the Use of the Sinking Fund* in Loch manner as should be directed by Act of Parliament: And Whereas the Sum of Thirty four thousand and Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two pence Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities* Three thousand five hundred Pounds Stock in the Five Pounds per Centum Navy Annuities and Three hundred Pounds Long Annuities* transferable at the Bank of England,

Pans of the Residuary Estate of the said Anna Maria Reynolds, have been transferred in the Books of the Bank of England into the Names of the Right Honourable Robert Banks Earl of Liverpool, the Right Honourable Nicholas Vanjittart, the Honourable Berkeley Paget, the Right Honourable William Lowther, t.

commotaly called Viscount Lowther, and Charles Grant, junior* Esquire* being Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and the Sum of Five thousand and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Stock in the Old South Sea Annuities* other Part of the said Residuary Estate* has been transferred in the Books of the South Sea House into the Names of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and it is expedient that the manner of applying the said Annuities and all other Annuities and Sums of Money which may have been or may be derived from - the Residuary Estate of the said Anna Maria Reynolds to the Use of the Sinking Fund should be directed by Act of Parliament Be it therefore enacted say The King's Most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Ball be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer* or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury* or any Three of them for the time being* and they are hereby respectively required to transfer the several Annuities befenbefare mentioned and to transfer and pay all such further Annuities and Sums of Money as may have been or may hereafter be paid or transferred to them from the Residuary Personal Estate of the said Anna Maria Reynolds, and all Interest and Dividends accrued or which may accrue therefrom* unto the Commis-faooers far the Reduction of the National Debt* and that the said last mentioned Commissioners shall apply the said Annuities and Monies to the Reduction of the National Debt* in the fame way and under the fame Regulations as any other Funds in their Hands may be by Law applicable to that Purpose 5 provided that-it shall be lawful for them* with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurpr or Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three of them for the time being* to fell and convert into Money any of the said Annuities if it shall be more convenient for the public Service so to do, and to apply the Money arising from thence to the Reduction of the National Debt in manner aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Receipt given or to be hereafter given by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury* or any Three of them for the time being* for any Pm of the said Residuary Estate of the said Anna Maria Reynolds, shall be a valid Discharge in Law to the Executor or other Personal Representative of the said Anna maria Reynolds, for so much Stock or Money ai is such Receipt shall be expressed to be received.

Treasury to transfer certain Annuities to Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

Receipts of Treasury sufficient Discharge to Executor.

Cap. in.

An Act for continuing te His Majesty certain Duties oh Malt, Sdgar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year Okie thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[1st December 1814.]

JQX AND be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, ordering, levying and collecting of the Commissioners £ienl Sum of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to he raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of of Land Tax J j" Great aPP°mted bX

540.3. c. If©. Jto Put this Act it tumipn,

3* 0.3. c. 5.

38 0.3. c. 60. §108.

a? G. 3. c. 13. 34 G. 3. c. 4. 37 G. 3. c. 15.

270.3. c. 4.

290.3. c. 68.

39 O- 3* c. 3.

49O.3. c. 98. «*. 7.

43 O.3. c. 69.

11.

54 0.3. c.a.

§39.

Dudes on Sugar, Ice. continued.

Separate

Account.

<2.3, 4. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1814.

Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of Peribnal Estates, arid in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution, in reference to the fame, all and every the Person and Persons who, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty* Reign, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act made tn the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the fame Acts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly-qualifying themselves according to the said Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty in that behalf, shall, together with any other Persons that may be appointed by any Ad (a) to be made in this Session of Parliament, be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Con liable wicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places, situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places respectively. (a) [Seepojl. c. 150.

XXXIX. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein Jlatedy the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for One Tear9 from the Twenty 4fifth Day ©/' March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty it was enacted, That the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth and Thirty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Hit

present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the Twenty ninth Yea*

4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the fame should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuffy for the Service of the.Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which, by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of

Inarch One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed,

and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Forty third

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And Whereas the said Duties granted by the said lafb recited Acts were continued until the

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences

and Tobacco, were by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; Be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and all Monies arising thereby which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty. pofi. c. 32. §1.]

[This Ady except the Clauset above inserted, is fimlar to 53 G. 3. c. 15.]

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen,

[1st December 1814.]

44 TREASURY empowered to raise ^12, 500, 000 by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. 44 c. 1. — §1, 2. Treasury to apply Money raised, §3..Principal of said Bills charged on first Supplies of 41 next Session, f 4. Interest thereon of $\d. per Cent* per Dicmy §5. Said Bills to be current at the Ex* 44 chequer after April 5, 1816, §6. Bank of England empowered to advance £ 8, 000, 000 on Credit of Ad, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — } 7. Ad altered, &c. this Session, $8.

A.D. 1814.

55° GEORGII III. C. 5, 6, 7.

CAP. V. A r

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majest/s Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. £1st December 1814.]

44 TREASURY may issue Exchequer Bills in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — $ 1. Clauses, &c. u in recited Act relating to Exchequer Bills extended to Act, §2. Proviso as to issuing Exchequer Bills " on Credit of, c. 3. ante, in any other manner than they are authorized by that Ad, &c. f 3. Interest of " 31<L per Cent, per Diem, $4. Exchequer Bills may, at Expiration of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of Revenue, $5. Bank of England authorised to advance £ 8, 000, 000 on Credit of Act*

not with {landing 5 3c 6 W. & M. c. 20. — §6.

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen* an Act for fofpending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for reftTaining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England. £1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for re- 17 G. 3. c. 30W

straining for a limited time the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange for

Twenty Shillings and under Five Pounds: And Whereas the said Act was by an Act passed in the

Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty made perpetual: And Whereas by an Act passed »7 G. 3. c. 16.

' in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the said first recited Act, so far as the fame 37 3- c*3*«

rchten to the making void of Promissory Notes, Drafts or Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, for any Sum less than the Sum of Five Pounds in the whole, and also to the restraining the publishiag or uttering and negotiating of any such Notes, Drafts or Undertakings as aforesaid, was fifpeoded until the first Day of May then next: And Whereas, the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Re*£n of His present Majesty hath by several subsequent Acts (o) been continued until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and amended, and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That the Act of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the fame suspends 37 G. 3. c. 32. the said Act of the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, as amended, cont, u^»84 util the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen..amended.

(«) [Sc* 37 G. 61. 120. — 38 G. 3. c. 7. — 39 G. 3. cc. 9. 24. 47. 107. $8.- G. 3. r. 4. $1.

- 45G.3. r.25.]

CAP. VH.

An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting Duties of Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and for granting and allowing certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

[1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant Duties of 54 G. 3. c. 87.

' Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and to grant and allow certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof; and it is expedient that the fame ihouldbe repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all the Duties, as well Internal Duties of Excise as Coim- repealed, temiling Duties or others, and all Drawbacks granted or made payable by the said recited Act, shall cease and determine; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, and all Clauses, Provisoes and Regulations therein contained, for the securing, collecting and paying the said Duties and Drawbacks, or acy of them, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons fha.II have paid or shall pay any Sum or Persons having Sums of Money, for or in respect of any Countervailing Duty imposed by the said recited Act on any Glass Du!jcs» r* made in Great Britain, and liable to such Duty under the said recited Act, or shall have paid or shall pay any J!*, ne, ^oininlU Duty or Sum of Money in respect of any estimated Increase in Value of any such Glass which shall have been Customs or shall be imported into Ireland since the Commencement of the said recited Act, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Part Duties in Ireland, upon the Application of such Person or Persons, and they are hereby required, out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Duties under their Management, to repay, or cause to be repaid, to such Person or Persons, all such Sum and Sums of Money as such Person or Persons shall upon th^r Caih or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, make it appear to the said Commissioners that kd Person or Persons shall have actually paid for and in respect of such Countervailing Duties. t

I1L And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, after the Ex- GJaft imported pvatian of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, to export from Ireland to Great Britain or elsewhere, and to iflfcut into Great Britain, any spread Window Glass or other Window Glass, or any Plate Glass made in q# b or elfs*

Great

C. 7»8.

55° GEORGII TIL

A.D. 181

where, and Drawback allowed.

Window Glass re-exported to G. B.only in original Package.

Prorifo for Seals, k$. injured, Ice.

On Importation df Glau into G. B. Importer to pay Drawbacks.

Repayments and Drawbacks made under certain Regulations.

f Sie.

43G.J. c. 153.

Wool and certain Goods imported in Neutral Vessels.

Otrganxined Silk .imported in any Vessel. aW.icM. SeCx. c.*.

Great Britain, and which shall have been imported into Ireland at any time between the passing of the f recited Act and the Expiration of Ten Days after the 'piffling of this Act; any Act or Acts to the contr? in aijy wise notwithstanding; and that every Person who shall so export any fcrch Glass from 'Ireland Great Britain or elsewhere, shall be entitled to and shall receive in Ireland, a Drawback equal to I Amount of all Duties which shall have been actually paid under the said recited Act on the Importati of such Glass into Ireland, and as shall dot have been repaid under the Provisions in this Act before c< tained: Provided always nevertheless, (hat nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed fcoriftrued to attend to entitle any Person or Persons whatsoever to any Drawback on Exportation of a British Window Glaft from Ireland to Great Britain, unless the said Glass shall at the time of being < terea for such Exportation be contained in the original Package in which the fame was exported from Gn Britain to Ireland, without the fame having been unpacked (ince the Exportation thereof from Great Brita nor unless the Excise Seals and Fastenings which had been put thereon in Great Britain> at the time of t packing thereof for Exportation, shall be remaining on the said Package; any thing in this Act contain to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding 5 but in case it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of t Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, that such Seals and Fastenings have been injured defaced by the Transit of any such Package or Packages, or in any other manner without the wilful Defat of the Exporter thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct the Payment of fu< Drawback as is hereinbefore given and allowed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation into Great Britain from Ireland of any fu< Glass, which, having been made in Great Britain, shall have been imported into Ireland, and shall ha been exported from thence to Great Britain under or by virtue of the Provisions in this Act before co tained, there shall be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof in Great Britain, the Sun following, being the Amount of the Drawbacks payable by Law on the Exportation of such Glass fro Great Britain to Ireland; that is to say, For every Hundred Weight of British Spread Window Glass, cor monly called Broad Glass, the Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings; for every Hundred Weight of all othe British Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether flaftied or otherwise manufactured, and common] called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, the Sum of Four Pounds Nin Shillings and Three pence; and for every Square Foot, Superficial Measure, of British Plate Glass, the Sui of Six Shillings and Six pence Halfpenny; and that the said several Sums shall be recovered, levied, co leded, paid and applied in like manner and ui\der and subject to such Rules, .Regulations, Penalties and Foi feittires, in all reipeds, as any Countervailing or other Duty of Excise on the Importation of Glass int Great Britain may be recovered, levied, collected, paid or applied under or by virtue of any Ad or Ad relating to the Excise Import Duties on Glass in force in Great Britain; and that such Glass shall not b subject or liable on such Importation thereof to any further Countervailing or other Duty whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Repayment of any such Duty, and the Payment of any Drawbac allowed or made payable by this Act, shall be made at such time, and in such manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three of them, by an* with the Consent of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer oi Ireland, or an Three of them, shall think fit to make in that behalf.

Cap. vm.

An Act to continue during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, and until Six Months after th Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, so much of an Act of the Thirty fourth + Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

[1st December 1814.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitule* An Act to permit during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of 1 Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels, from States i

Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, IVares and Merchandize, and to empower His Majesty by Orde

in Council to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation in Neutral Vessels from State not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize: And Whereas it is expedient ' that so much of the said Act as permits the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vesselj

from States in Amity with His Majesty, of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize in this Act 1 enumerated should be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by am with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliamen assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawfu for any Person to import into any Port or Place in Great Britain, all Sorts of Wool, and also Cotton Wool and to import into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, all Sorts of Barilla, Jesuits' Bark, Linei Yarn, Hemp, Indigo, Cochineal, Wool and Cotton Wool, from any Country or Place whatsoever, in ari] Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors navigated by Foreign Seamen; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and so any Person or Persons to import or bring into the United Kingdom from any Port or Place in Amity witl His Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, Organzined Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production 0 Italy; any thing contained in an Act made in England in the Second Year of the Reign of their 1st

Majestie

A.D. 1814.

55* GEORGII HL

C. 85

i Kkg WMam and Queen Intituled An Act for dtfwra&ng th/slmptortatifa of Thrown SUkr

orm any ether Act or Aftfe in forte in thp Uaited Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the coatmij thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that this Act or any thing herein contained shall nofc qtftad to give Liberty to import any Italian Thrbwn Silk that shall be eparfer than a Sort thereof known and drtoguished by the Name of Third Balonia, nor any Sorts of Silks commonly called Tram* of the Growth of Italy* nor any other Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Persia* East India or China* under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silks as shall he brought over and imported contrary to the Purport, true latent and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof to the use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Suer ceffbrs, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the fame; to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to fiis Majesty* Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

III. And, for the better and more effectual Execution of this Act, and to prevent the Importation of any Soft of Thrown Silks not organzined, be it further enacted and declared, That all such Organzined Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this Act, if landed in any Part of Great Britain* shall be brought to His Majesty* Custom House at London* to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than that allowed by this Act, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as shall be imported contrary, to the Purport, tfue Intent and Meaning of this Act; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the fame; to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafEng of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the United Kingdom any Sort of Flax or Flax Seed, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon the Came Term* and Conditions, and subject to the fine Dudes, Rules, Regulations and Restrictioni in any respect, as such Flax and Flax Seed would by any Law in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, have been subject and liable tb if the feme bad been imported in Foreign Ships or Vessels of the Built of the Country or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed was the Growth, Production or Manufacture; any thing in any Act or Aftt of Parliament in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for lay Person or Persons admitted into and made free of the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, to import into the United Kingdom any Goods or Commodities which have heretofore usually been imported from Turkey or Egypt* or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel' bmk in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland* navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign, Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment of the fame Duties, if imported in British or IrfEhwh Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported in British or /rebuilt Ships, (fere&ly from the Place of their Growth, Production or Manufacture; but if such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Entry shall be suffered to pass at any Custom Hode in the United Kingdom for any such Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Turkey or Egypt* or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, as, before the passing of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, might be imported only from such Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas, as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which would have been liable to the Payment of higher Duties, when not imported directly from the Place of their Growth or P/oduction, and which by the Authority of this Act are permitted to be imported in manner alarrhid, until the Person importing or entering the same shall produce to the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs in Great Britain and to the proper Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, certifying that such Person is free of the said Company, and that be has paid the Duties imposed dafoirh Goods by the said Company, and has conformed in all respects to the Rules and Regulations of the kid Company relative thereto: Provided always, that all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Produce of Countries within the Levant Seas, imported into Great Britain under the Authority of this Act, shall be hbjrft and liable to the Duties payable to the Levant Company, in like manner as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize bad been imported into Great Britain directly from Turkey.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Goods as shall in pursuance of this Act be imported lathe United Kingdom in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, shall be subject and liable to the Aliens* and all other Dsbes in the same manner as they would be liable to by Law if such Ships were of the Built of the Csmtry of which the Goods are of the Growth, Product or fyiaQufacture.

VUL And be it farther enacted, That all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, when so imported as ifartml, shall be liable to all Duties of Customs and Excde, and shall be subject to all Rules, Regulations

and

Exception.

[Penalty.]

Silk brought to Custom House on Importation.

Flax or Flax Seed imported in like manner.

Persons free of Levant Company may import Goods from Levant in British or Foreign Vessels.

Certificate that Proprietor is free of Levant Company produced before Entry made.

43 G. 3. c. 153.

Proviso far Duties.

Goods imported in Foreign Vessels to pey Aliens* Duty, &c.

Goods imported liable to Duties

mf Custotm and

Eici(«, and to Reeulatianiia force.

Conti aujmce of

dU*.

46 G.3. Mil.

continued.

54. 3. c. 36.

Warehousing Duties in Table (A.) of Act charged on Goods imported either before or after April 10, 1814, fee.

*39 <*.3.

How Duties charred on clearing Goods (except lndl^O) at certain Patiodk

C. 8, 9, 10. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1814.

and Conditions, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, to which they would have been Kable and subject if they had been imported into Great Britain or Irelandaccording to any Law or Laws m force at the time of the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That tins Act shall be in force daring the Continuance of the present Hostilities, and untiL Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present Hosti-lities, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America.

[1st December 1814.]

4 TWHEREA6 an Act was passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for authorising His Majesty in Council to allow, during the present War and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation and Exportation of cer-f tain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies, and Continent of South America: And Whereas the said Act has been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present Hostilities.

CAP. X.

An Act to make further Provision respecting the Duties payable upon East India Goods, and to allow Bond to be given for Payment of the Duties upon such Goods when imported by Private Traders.

[1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision for ascertaining and collecting the Duties im-

posed upon East India Goods by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An 4 A8 to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain,

from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to tfabVtJb further Regu

I at ions for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; to exempt the Proprietors from paying the new Ware-

housing Duties, and to reduce the Amount thereof in certain cases; and to allow the East India Company to give Bond for Payment of the Duties upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into the Port of London by Private Traders, in the same manner as for Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported on their own Account $' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Warehousing Duties imposed by Table (A.) of the said recited Act mall be charged upon all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as are therein enumerated or described, which shall have been or which may hereafter be imported into Great Britain by the said United East India Company or by Private Traders from any Ports or Places from whence such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may lawfully be imported, and which shall have been or may be sold at their Sales, either before or after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and such Duties shall be paid by the said United East India Company, or secured by their Bond in the manner directed by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and in cases where the said Duties are charged not according to the Weight, Talc, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, such Value shall be ascertained according to the gross Price at which such Goods shall have been or may be sold at the Public Sales of the said Company without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever; any thing in the said first recited Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in cases where any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize (except Indigo) sold at the East India Company's Sales on or before the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall have been cleared from the Warehouses on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, no other Warehousing Duties than were due prior to the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be held or be deemed to nave been due and payable thereon; and where any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, remaining in the Warehouses after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be cleared before the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the same shall be charged with the Difference only {wherefuch Difference shall be an Excess, and not otherwise) between the Amount of the Warehousing Duties already paid or secured on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and the new and additional Warehousing Duties chargeable thereon by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and no other Warehousing Duties; but any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall not be so cleared, shall be also' 11 subject

A.D. 1814. 55° GEORGII III. C. 10, n, ia» 9

subject and liable to the full Amount of the Warehousiag Duties inaposed on such Goods, Warn or Merchandize in the Table (A.) of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament* in Addition to any former Dudes paid or payable thereon.

III. And be it further enacted, That Indigo sold at the Sales of the said United Bast India Company at indigo how any tune before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen* and which shall have charged, been delivered from the Warehouses either for Exportation or Home Consumption after the said Tenth Day

of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or delivered from the Warehouses after the passing of this Act, shall not be fubicd to the Duties charged thereon by the said recited Act of the last Session of Pahameot, but shall be deemed and taken to be subject and liable to all the Duties which would have been paid thereon if the lame had been delivered from the Warehouses at the time of the Sale of such Indigo, and no other; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, Goods (Eicep-whether by the Company or Private Traders from Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of the bon) fold

said United Company, which shall have been sold at their Sales lince the said Tenth Day of April One charged°with1* thousand eight hundred and fourteen, although imported before that Day, shall (except as hereinbefore Duty, provided) be charged with the Duties imposed by the said recited Act, and no other.

V. And further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into the Port of Private Traders

London by any Private Traders, under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign to give Bond be-of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the '

Poffcfon of tbs Britishi Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Double

Regulations f or the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administratton of Justke within the the Amount of fame; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Char- Duties.

ter, and which are nut intended to be sold at the Sales of the Bad India Company, shall be lodged in any 53 G-3- c. 155. Warehouse or Warehouses without Payment of the Duties, the Proprietor or Proprietors shall give Bond unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty equal to double the Amount of the said Duties* with Condition for Payment of the fame before the Delivery of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from the Warehouses wherein the same shall be deposited under the Authority of the said last recited Act* and at the times and in the manner required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or before the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: Provided always, that it shall be lawful East India Com-for the said United East India Company, upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such p*»y ay give Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to give Bond for the Duties payable thereon* at the times and in the man- for ser directed by the said recited Act of the last and present Session of Parliament, as to Goods imported by ut, es* or on account of the said Company; and such Bond shall be in lieu of that hereinbefore required of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize* ecru- Goods entered merited or deflcribed in the Table (B.) of the said recited Act af the last Session of Parliament (except Indigo sold at the Company's Sales before the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four- oCtJei°in TaUe teen), shall be entered for Home Consumption, the Proprietor or Proprietors shall pay the Duties respectively (B.) of Act. charged thereon by the said Table ( B.), although such Goods may have been imported and ibid at the Company's Sales before the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or have been imported and fold before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factor6 during the present War. [ill December 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled AS 3. c. 3a. An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection the Privileges ef Print Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered >»taMa9*ftyi 0 exercise the Occupations of Merchants or FaBors during tie present War, and until Sin Months after the RatUkation ef a Definitive Treaty of Peace t And! Whereas the said Act has by Experiact beta found ufefut and beneficial, and k is expedient that the fame fiiotrid be continued* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri-tnl and Temporal, and Commons, in this present ParHanreat assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Tkt the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued until Six Months after the Ratification of a continued. ikhu&m Treaty ef Peace.

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend sevend Acts relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Distillatron in Ireland, to the Warehousing of Spirits, and to the securing the Duties of Excise on Spirits distilled, and on Hides and Skins tanned in IrelandL [1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, tntktded An Act to cmfohdate 54 G. 3. c.ijo.

and amend the Regulations contained in fevsral Affs of Parliament, for imposing and levying of Fines*ofm Punfix*, Townlands and other Placet in refipeB of the unlawful Distillution of Spirits in Irtkdd, tie 55 Geo. III. C*several

10

C. 12.

55 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1814.

*5.

§5.

Fine of 15L under Act levied in like manner as other Penal-

Justices receiving Information to give Notice to Clerk of Crown.

[Penalty.]

Regulations under Act respecting Discharge of accounting Affidavit, or Payment or Application of any Sum, to extend 'to Quarter Sessions as well as Assizes.

S30-3- c. 148.

Where Fines ha? e not been levied, Court may give further Order.

Commissioner»

of Inland Excise and Taxes may appoint Personi for levying Fines.

several Fines or Sums of Twenty five Pounds, Forty Pounds and Sixty Pounds in the said Act mentioned are respectively directed to be imposed upon Parishes, Places, Didrifts or Divisions, on account of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for diddling of Spirits, or any Wadi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings having been found or used in any Place therein as in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas it is by the said Act provided, that the Court which shall impose any such Fine shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of the Town or City, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sums or Fines of Forty Pounds and Sixty Pounds, but by Midake the said Sum or Fine of Twenty five Pounds is omitted in the said Provision For Remedy whereof be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Court shall impose any such Fine of Twenty five Pounds, or direct the same to be levied on any Paridi (a), Townland, Quarterland, Ballybow, Manor or Lordship, or other Place, Didrift or Division whatsoever, such Court shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of the Town or City, to issue his Warrant to levy such Fine or Sum of Twenty five Pounds in the same manner as the Court is by the said recited Act required to direct such Treasurer to issue his Warrant to levy the said Fines or Sums of Forty Pounds and Sixty Pounds respectively as in the said recited Act mentioned and directed to be levied; and every such Treasurer shall issue his Warrant for the levying of every such Fine or Sum of Twenty five Pounds accordingly.

(a) [Seepof. c. 151. § I.]

II. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, take or receive any Information for any Offence, whereby or in respect whereof any Parish, Place, Didrift or Division shall under the Provisions of the said Act be subject or liable to any of the Fines or Penalties inflicted by the said Act, shall, and such Justice is hereby required to deliver One Day at the lead previous to the Commission Day of any Assizes, or fir A Day of any Presenting Term respectively to the Clerk of TheCrown all such Informations so taken and received by him; and if any such Justice shall omit or neglect to deliver any such Information, every such Justice shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty five Pounds for each and every such Information which such Justice {Hall omit or neglect so to deliver within the time aforesaid to the Clerk of The Crown; such Sum, Fine or Penalty, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction, and which is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance of the fame by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame 5 and in such Proceedings no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Money recovered by such Action or other Proceeding shall be applied as to One Half thereof to and for the life of the Person suing for the fame, and the other Half to and for the Use of the Infirmary of the County or County of the City or Town, as the case may be.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act and during the time that any Treasurer of any County, County of a Town or City, or any Collector of Grand Jury Cess, shall be authorized, empowered and required to levy and collect any such Fine or Fines, all and every the Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Exceptions, Matters and Things in the said recited Act contained, whereby any Court or Judge of Assize, at any Assizes or Presenting Term, is required not to order the Discharge of any accounting Affidavit, or to fiat or otherwise authorize the Payment or Application of any Sum of Money as therein mentioned; shall be and the fame'are hereby applied to and shall extend to Courts of Quarter Sessions (b)9 as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Court of Quarter Sessions had been expressly mentioned in the said Act; and that all and every such Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Exceptions, Matters and Things, shall be applied and put in Practice with respect to all such Fine or Fines which shall have been imposed since the passing of an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the more effectually preventing the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

(a) [Seepojl. c. 151 - §2.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when it shall appear to the Satisfaction of any such Court or Judge, that although the Fine or Fines which shall have been imposed at any former Assizes or Presenting Term, upon any Parish, Townland, Place, Didrift or Division, have not been levied, it has not been by the Default or Neglect of the Treasurer or Collector of Grand Jury Cess, or other Person employed to collect such Fines, that the fame have not been levied upon and off such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court or Judge to order the Discharge of any accounting Affidavit, or to fiat or otherwise authorize the Payment or Application of any Sum upon or in pursuance of any such Affidavit, for the making or repairing any Road, or for building or repairing any Bridge, or for the building or repairing any Semons House or other Public Building, or for the performing or carrying on any Public Building or other Public Work in any Barony or Half Barony, or in any City or Town within which such Parish, Townland, Place, Didrift or Division, shall be situate; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 V. And Whereas in consequence of the Neglect and Delay which have in many Indances occurred in the Collection and Distribution of Fines which have been imposed under the Acts for the preventing the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, it may hereafter be deemed expedient that the Collectors or other Persons empowered to collect the Grand Jury Cess should not be employed in the levying, collecting or receiving of any such Fines* Be it therefore further enacted, That when it shall appear expedient to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland to appoint other Persons for the collecting and levying such Fines irx all or any of the Counties, Counties of Towns or Citie3 in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the said L Commissioners so to do, and for that Purpose from time to time to give Notice under the Signature of the said Commissioners or any Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has been deemed expedient by the said Commissioners to appoint other Persons for the levying and collecting of such Fines within

A.D. 1814. 55° GEORGII III.

any such County or Counties, County or Counties of Towns or Cities, as shall be mentioned in such Notice; and the said Commissioners shall, by such Notice, require the Treasurer or Trearfurers of any such Counties, Counties of Towns and Cities, which shall be mentioned in such Notice, and the several Collectors or other Persons empowered to levy any such Fine, to deliver up (a) within such time as shall be mentioned in such Notice, aQ and every the Warrant and Warrants which shall not at such time have been folly executed to the Person or Persons who shall be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, under their Hands, to receive and execute such Warrants, and upon Demand made to him or them for that Purpose by the Person or Persons, or any of them so nominated and appointed by the said Commissionjert as aforesaid, such Treasurer or Collector or other Person shall deliver up all such Warrants accordingly, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each Warrant which such Treasurer or Collector or other Person shall not on such Demand made so deliver up, and every such Person and Persons so nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners or any Three of them, to receive and execute the said Warrants, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to levy all and every the Fine and Fines which shall be mentioned in any such Warrant or Warrants, and to execute or complete the Execution of the said Warrant or Warrants, with like Powers and Authorities, and in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, or other Person to whom such Warrants had been originally granted were empowered to exerdfc, and might or could have executed the fame, and with all the Eke Remedies in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are prescribed by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under any Presentment of Grand Jury; and every such Fine, Penalty or Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction, and which is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance of the fame by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame; and in such Proceedings no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Money recovered by such Action or other Proceeding shall be applied as to One Half thereof to and for the Use of the Person suing for the fame, and the other Half to and for the Use of the Infirmary of the County or County of the City or Town, as the case may be. (n) [See post. c. 151. §6.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of any Action, Information, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution for or concerning any Matter or Thing done by or against any Person or Persons who shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes when acting in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, where it may be necessary to prove the Nomination or Appointment of any Person or Persons acting as aforesaid, an attested Copy of the Registry or Entry of the Nomination or Appointment of such Person or Persons in any of the Books of or belonging to the said Commissioners, or in any of the Books of the Collector of Excise for the District within which such Person or Persons shall have so acted, shall be admitted as Evidence that such Person or Persons was or were legally appointed and authorized to act in the Execution of this Act, without producing the Nomination or Appointment by which such Person or Persons was or were appointed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect the Apportioning and Applotment of any Fine imposed on any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, and that every such Fine shall and may be apportioned and applotted under the Provisions of the said recited Act, save only that every Applotment shall be delivered to the Collector of Excise of the District in which the Place upon which the Fine shall be directed to be levied shall be situate, and not to the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess, as is required by the said recited Act, and thereupon every such Fine shall be levied agreeably to such Applotment, in the same manner in evenr respect as the Collector of Grand Jury Cess was in and by the said Act directed to levy the same in cases ot Applotment made under the said Act; and in case no such Applotment shall be made and delivered to the Collector of Excise, then the Fine shall and may be levied in the same manner in all respects as every such Fine is by the said Act required to be levied where no Applotment has been made under the said Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the levying and collecting of such Fines shall have been transferred under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be deemed expedient by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, that the levying and collecting of such Fines should again be transferred to and made by the Treasurers of Counties, Counties of Towns or Cities, and Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to give Notice under the Signature of any Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette> that it has been deemed adviseable and expedient by the said Commissioners that the levying and collecting of such Fines shall be again had and made by the Treasurers of Counties, Counties of Towns and Cities, and by the Collectors of the Grand Jury Cess, from such Day as shall be specified in such Notice; and thereupon all and every the Warrant and Warrants which shall not at focli time have been executed shall be delivered up to the respective Treasurers, who shall thereupon issue and deliver the said Warrants to the Person or Persons to whom the fame had been originally directed; and all and every such Fine and Fines which shall be mentioned in such Warrant or Warrants shall be levied in like manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities and Remedies, in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thtreof, as are provided by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under the Presentment of a Grand J ury, and a9 the fame might and should have been levied under the said Warrants as originally directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Dublin Ga % ette importing to contain a Copy of any Notice or Notices which shall have been issued under the said recited Act, or which shall hereafter be issued under this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be and shall be conclusive Evidence in all Courts of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction in Ireland, of all such Matters as shall be contained in such Notices respectively 5 and every such Notice shall be deemed and taken by all such Courts respectively to have been issued in conformity to the several Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, as the case may be.

C 2«IX. And

II

Treasurer* to deliver up Warrants.

[Penalty.]

How applied.

Attested Copy of Entry of Appointment of Collectors by Commissioners. Evidence.

Apportioning, &c. of Fines not affected.

54 G. 3. c. 150. § »3*

Collection of.Fines may be again transferred to Trestorer.

Notice iu Dublin Gazette outlu-five idenee.

12

5»G. 3. c. 30.

|X.

Reg illations made for Pertaining Strength at which Spirits warehoused.

54 G. 3. c. 83.

I*.

Time of giving' in Account of Quantity of Mail permitted to MaihJCietre, &c.

Deficiency, and not delivering in Account.

[Penalty.]

Not producing Account.

Penalty.

54 G. 3. c. 8$.

§8.

extended to Act.

[Penalty.]

54 G. 3. c. 88. $ 10I

Oath by whom administered. Neglecting to take Oath.

54 G. 3. c. 88. $13-

c.ji. 55° GEORGII III. A.IX 1814.

IX. And WklM»iw) fcy an Act made in the Fifty fccotai Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intiUkd An Act to provide for regulating the worth oufrsg of Spirits diffdled from Com in Ireland for E*-

pantehOfh without Fotpmtnkcf the Dmty, of Excifi chorgeMt thereon; and to transfer thr Cudody of Spirits so wtrehetfod from the Commisfmms of Cnfhms and P*rt Duties in Ireland and their Officers, to the Commhfomere of hdmtd Exej/e and Touts in Ireland and their Officers* it is enacted, that k shall be lawful for 4 DUfalkrs to wardhouse Sprits for Exportation, subject to such Rules and Regulations at the Commsftoner*

4 of Elffife shall from time to line diwft or order; and Doubts, mary he entertained whether the Strength of such Spirks so to ho wawhonfed may be afeevtaintd in and by such Rules and Regulations For the obviating of such Doubts, be it. declared and crafted. That in and by any Rates and Regulations made or to be made by the said CoouzuiBooers of Excise, it (hatt aid may be lawful to specify and ascertain the Strength at which a ay such Spirits, may be warehoused, not being sese than the Strength at which, the same are allowed to be war*, honied under the said recited Act; and that any Rules and Regulations which shall hare bee* or shall be made by the said Cowmiffcanera for such Purpose shall be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

X. And Whereas by one other Act made in the kit Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the federal Ada for regulating and /touring the CoUeSion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, it is,

amongst other things, enacted, that every Distiller from Corn or Grain shall, within Seven Days next after the Wednesday in, the Fourth Week of the respectWe Periods of Four Weeks in the said Act mentioned,

produce and deliver, or cause to be produced and delivered, to the Officer in charge of the Distillery of such DifkiUer, an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually permitted to the Ma(h Kieve of such Distiller within the Four Weeka ending on and including such Wednesday; and that if it (hah appear that the Quantity of Malt id permitted shall be left than after the Rate of One Barrel of Malt for every Twenty four Gallons of Spirits which such Distiller (haiidiftil, or shall be charged or chargeable with from ail Wash brewed or made by him within such last mentioned Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, ending on such Sunday,

then in such case every such Distiller shall for every Barrel of such Deficiency forfeit as in the said last recited Act is mentioned: And Whereas k is expedient that instead of the Account by the said Act directed,

that every Distiller should be required to deliver an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually permitted to

die Math Kieve of such Distiller in every such Period of Four Weeks as in the said Act mentioned, ending on Tiitfday instead of Wednesday, as is. directed by the said Act Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Distiller shall, within Seven Days next after the Tuesday in every Fourth Week of the Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any Still or Stills of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working, produce and deliver, or cause to be produced and delivered, to the Officer in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually permitted to the Maffi Kieve of such Distiller, within the Four Weeks ending on and including such Tuesday; and if upon such Account, and the Permits which shall have been granted for the permitting of such Quantity of Malt into the Malk Kieve of such Distiller, it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt so permitted shall be less than after the Rate of One Barrel of Malt for every Twenty four Gallons of Spirits which such Distiller shall have distilled of shall be chaeged! or chargeable with by Law in the Periodof Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, ending on the Sunday next succeeding hsxhTuefdnyttsving the Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days within which the Stall of such Distiller maR be chargeable as working), then* in such case every such Distiller shall for every Barrel of such Deficiency of Quantity of Malt forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence British Currency; and it any Distillec shall not produce and deliver or cause to be produced and delivered any loch Account to such Officer within the time aforesaid, every such Distiller shall for every Twenty four Gallons of Spirits which such Distiller shall have distilled, or shall be charged or chargeable with by Law within such Period of Four Weeka or Twenty eight Days, ending on such Sunday, forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence British Currency; which said several Sums or Penalties shall be paid, distributed, remitted and applied.in the same manner in all respects as the several Sums, Penalties and Forfeitures of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence Britifr Currency mentioned in the said recited Act are thereby directed to be paid, distributed, remitted or applied*.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Regulations, Provisions, Matters and Things contained ini the said recited Act; with respect to the Payment by any Distiller of the Duty on a Quantity of Malt equal to the Quantity which should appear deficient under the said Act, shall be applied and put in Practice with respect to any Deficiency of Madt which shall appear in any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days under this Act; and that if any Distiller shall in the Account hereby required to be delivered insert a greater Quantity of Malt as having been malhed, used or consumed by such Distiller within the Period mentioned in such Account than such Quantity as shall appear to have been decreased within the said Period in the Stock Account of Malt made or received by such Distiller, every such Distiller shall, for every Barrel of such Excess of Malt, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; and that every Colloftor or Person in charge of the Collection of the District shall within Seven Days next after the Tuesday in every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days require such Distiller to take and subscribe in manner by the said Act directed the Oath or Affirmation of the Tenor and Purport therein set forth; and that in every such Oath or Affirmation Tuesday shall be inserted instead of Wednesday; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary not with-(landing; and; every such Oath or Affirmation shall be administered and attested as in the said Act is mentioned 5 and if any Distiller being thereto required shall neglect or refuse to take and subscribe such Oath or Affirmation, such Distiller shall be subject to the like Penalty as any Distiller would by the said Act be subject to for neglecting or refilling to take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation therein mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last mentioned Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as repeals such Part or Parts of an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's

Reign,

A.D. 1814.

gf<Mgii in.

C. 12.

*3

Reign, intrfnled Aw Ait to amend thefevrral AGs fat regulating the Distiflaflon &f Spiritt in Ireland*, as empower die Commissioners of Inland Excrfe and Taxed in hrehnd % to make any Allowance to any Distiller, Or to akate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Drftrffer may he chargeable by Law m any Period of Pour Weeks m Confederation of any Loss by any Fatality or Accident, shall be and the fame id and* are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the parrang of thfs Act, it (half and may be lawful for the said Com mil- repealed, fiooers to make any Allowance to any Drftiller, or to» abate the Qaantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller (Allowance to say have been or shall be chargeable m Consideration of any Loss by Fatality or Accident, in the fame' Distiller for Lofr manner and upon the like Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Approbation of the Commissioners for fro^1 Accident, cxrcntrag the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, as the said Commissioners are authorised to do by fu^to^>" the find recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present MajHly's Reign; any thing in the said recited [^ Treasury. Ad of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstantftag.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Distiller who shall1 have been or Stills set up io

shall be licensed to keep any SttB to set unr or ere A any other Stiff (a)in the Place and Stead of the StiB which lic*nfed;

Inch Distiller shall have been or ftaft Be ncensed to keep, afthmrgfi facfi Stilf so to be set up and eroded may r^OTfty

[Proviso.]

not have been Dreviouffy hxJgvd hr the Excise Office of the DhlriA; any thing m an Act: made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the federal Adsfor the regulating and Office fearing the CotteQhn of the Duty on Spirits distHttd in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that in 48 G. j. c. 9*. every inch case every nich Distiller who ffiaff so set of or ered, ot shall have ret up or eroded any such Still, $ fbaff be deemed to have been chargeable, and such Distiller shall be and continue chargeable in act rofpeds as if the StHl which had been licensed had continued at Work; and every such Distiller and his Sureties shall be ftihjed and liable accordingly 5 and it shall not be necessary for any such Distilfer to take out a Licence for Liccncstskai such Stffl winch strall be so set of or eroded in the Place and Stead of the Stilf which shall have beeri or shall be out for Stills if licensed, unless such Distiller shall be retjoired by the CommissionefB of Inland Excffe and Taxes, or any Throe tevwod. of them, ro take out a Licence for such second or other Stiff, and which the said Commissioners are heroby authorized and empowered to require, whensoever they shall think it expedient 5 and every such Distiller, when so required, shall be bound to take out a Licence for such second or other Still, and in Default of so Second Still, doing, shall be deemed and taken to be to all Intents and Purposes an unlicensed Distiller, and liable to ail Penalties and Forfeitures accordingly as such: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to reduce or abate any Charge against such Distiller, in the like Manner and on the like Accounts as such Commissioners are by Law allowed to reduce or abate any Charge of Duty against any Distiller.

(a) [Seepost. Mir. £6.J

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- Former Stnb ftroed to extend, to authorize any Distiller to receive into, or have or keep in his Distillery, any such second re"ovf1 bd*w or other Still, until such Distiller shall have removed and sent away out or his Distillery and Premises in any ot"ew ftl UP* manner connected therewith, such former Still, in the Place and Stead of which such second of other Still

shall be intended to be set up or eroded.

XV. And be it further enacted, That Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and which shall have been or Time of Remo-shall be secured according to Law in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland, without Payment VII 8p»ri»

of the Duty of Excise payable thereon in Ireland, mall not be delivered out of or removed from any such

Warehouse or Stores for Exportation, at any time of the Day before the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon, or for P0* after the Hour of Two in the Afternoon, nor at any Hour upon any Excise Office or Custom House Holy-

day; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. J v

XVI. And Whereas in and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act so amend 54 G.3. e.yso. , ' feverat AGs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of §

Customs and Fort Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, it is, amongst

other things, enacted, that if upon the Account taken by the Officer in charge of the Distillery of any Distiller of any Wash, Pot Ale or Singlings, brewed or made or found in such Distillery within any Period

of Four Weeks, feich Distiller shall be chargeable by Law with a greater Quantity of Spirits than such

Distiller is by the fiud recited Act authorized or allowed to make or distil wiuiin such Period, the Officer' '

shall charge Double Duty for every Gallon of such Excess of Spirits, and that such Distiller shall pay the said Duty, and also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: And Whereas Distillers are by Law allowed '

certain time for the distiDing of Wash or Pot Ale after the Day the same shall have been brewed, by reaCon whereof they may within any Period of Four Weeks have in their Distilleries Quantities of Wash or Pot

Ale intended for and applicable to the making of Spirits to be distilled in the subsequent Period of Four

Weeks Be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer to include in any such Account Regulation rs-iny Wash, Pot Ale or Singlings, which shall not have been respectively decreased within such Period of Four specting Ac-Weeks in which he shall have, taken such Account; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary tount of Wiihnotwithstanding. [See as to SeG'. 20. of 54 G. 3. c. I20. post. c. 111. § C.] delivered in.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Distiller shall in any Period of Four Weeks Excel* of Spirits, or Twenty eight Days make or distil any greater Quantity of Spirits than such Distiller is by the said last re-rifirig from Ac-cited Ad respectively authorized and allowed to make or distil in such Period, and that it shall appear to the cident not liable Sadsfaction of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, that such Excess of Spirits was accidental, toPenahy-or was occasioned by circumstances against which such Distiller could not reasonably have provided 5 then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order that such Distiller shall not be liable to the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds in the said Act mentioned for such Excess, who shall thereupon be freed and discharged from the said Penalty, and the Single Duty by Law chargeable oh Spirits, and no more, Sin.Dut shall be payable on such Excess; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstaadk

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1814.

Compensations for Spirits taken out of Warehouses before Dec, 1, 1814, confirmed. Duties payable by Tanners,

&c. Secured by distraining Hides or Skins.

54 G. 3. c. 149.*XVIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament to regulate the Trade in Spirit*

§ 25*between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, certain Compensations are given to the Proprietors of

Spirits diddled in Ireland, which having been warehoused at the time in the said Act mentioned in any of His Majesty's Warehouses in Ireland\ should be taken out either for Home Consumption or for Exportation to Great Britain before the First Day of November next after the passing of the said Act: And Whereas in consequence of Difficulties having occurred several Proprietors of such Spirits were prevented from so taking out the fame before the said Fird Day of November; and the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland did by their Orders, bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day of 0Sober and Fird Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, made on the Memorial of several of such Proprietors, direct that the said Compensations should be paid on all such Spirits which Should be taken out of His Majesty's Warehouses for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, before the Fird Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and it is expedient that such Orders should receive the Sanction and Confirmation of Law; Be it therefore enacted, That such Orders are hereby declared to be valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been made pursuant to the Authority of any Act of Parliament, and to be a good and sufficient Warrant and Authority for the Payment of the said Compensation.

XIX. And, for the more easy Collection of the Duties payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Hides and Skins tanned and upon Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, be it enacted, That in all cases where any Duties payable by any Tanner, Basil Tanner, Currier, Spanish Leather DrelTer, or other Dresser of Hides or Skins, or by any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, shall be unpaid at the time when such Duties are by Law made due and payable (as well such Duties as shall have been incurred before as such Duties which shall be incurred after the passing of this Act), it shall be lawful for the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Didrift in which such Duties shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Person or Persons to take and didrain all or any Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, whether the same shall have been tanned or dressed or not, and all or any Vellum and Parchment in any Tan Yard, Tan House, or other Yard or Workhouse, Mill, Store, or other Place used by any such Tanner or other Person respectively, for the tanning, dressing, drying ov keeping any Hides or Skins, or any Pieces thereof, or for making or keeping any Vellum or Parchment, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof, and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Tanner, Basil Tanner or Currier, Spanish Leather Dresser or other Dresser of Hides or Skins, or from any such Maker of Vellum or Parchment, together with the Costs and Expences of such Taking, Didraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Person or Provfo* his Representatives: Provided always, that when any of the Articles aforesaid shall be so taken and didrained,

it shall and may be lawful for such Person or his Representatives, at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to require the same to be delivered up to him or them upon his or their paying to the Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the fame may be delivered up accordingly.

Penalties how

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by tills levied. Act, save as otherwise directed by this Act, diall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may

be sued for and recovered, levied and applied except as herein otherwise is provided, in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and 14 & 75 Car. 2. appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign (I.) SelT. 4. c. 8. oil His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in or by an 46 G. 3. c. xo6. Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the lettercc. Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Cunoms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and Appeal re-enacted in this Act, with like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her

or themselves aggrieved pr injured as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise is provided. a a altered &c.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Act*

to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[Seepft. C. 151.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act: to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties, in certain Cases. [l ft December 1814.]

54G. 3. C.I3l.*YX^REAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional

Con/lables in Counties, in certain Cases; and it is expedient to amend the fame* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Lord Lieute- Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

nant may ap- when and as often as by and under any one or more Proclamation or Proclamations, issued in manner in the

said

A.D. 1814.

55° GEORGII III.

C.I3.

'5

said recited Act mentioned, and whether such Proclamations, if more than one, shall have been issued at one point Superin* and the same time or at different times, any Two adjoining Counties, whether One of them be a County of intending Ma-a City or County of a Town or not, or any Districts situate in Two adjoining Counties in Ireland, or any gistrate, &c. for County, County of a City or County of a Town, and any District in any adjoining County, shall appear to be in a State of Disturbance at one and the same time, whether any such District or Districts shall consist of Proclamation of One or more Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, or of both, then and in every such case it being in diffliafl and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland turbed State, for the time being, if he or they shall think proper so to do, to appoint in manner in the said Act mentioned,

One Person to be Chief Magistrate of such Two or more Counties or Districts, or of such County and District; and also to appoint for the Aid and Support of such Chief Magistrate, either One Clerk for each County or District, or One for both, and either One Chief Constable for each County or District, or One for both, and either One Set of Sub Constables for each County or District, or One Set for both; and that every such Chief Magistrate, Clerk, Chief Constable and Sub Constable, shall be subject to all and every

the Clauses and Provisions in the said Act contained, in the same manner in all respects as if appointed

altogether under the said Act 5 save as herein is otherwise provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful Lord f*<ute*

to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by the p^i^on Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to declare by Proclamation or Proclamations, that any Part or Parts declare Part of of any County or Counties, or of any County of a City or County of a Town, in such Proclamation or County, &c. in Proclamations to be specified, is or are in a State of Disturbance, and requires or require an extraordinary Stare of Dif-

Establishment of Police in like manner as by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament is provided turbance, re-

and enacted with respect to any Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Half Baronies, in any County at eXtr#

large, and thereupon all the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act shall be applied and

put in Execution within such Part or Parts of any County or Counties, or County of a City or County of a Town, as shall be specified in such Proclamation or Proclamations, in like manner as under the said recited Act and this Act is directed with respect to any Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, or District or Districts respectively 5 and all Sums to be presented by any Grand Jury according to the Directions of the said recited Act shall in such case be raised off such Part or Parts of such County or Counties, or County of a City or County of a Town respectively, as shall be specified in such Proclamation or Proclamations in like manner as is directed by the said recited Act with respect to any Barony or Half Barony.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Lord Lieute-Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time to time to appoint in which of the Counties, if more na?t p* than one, for which or for any Part of which, any such Chief Magistrate or Clerk, or Chief or Sub Con- Jf Counties &c. stable shall be so appointed, he or they respectively shall reside; and in what Proportions their respective Magistrate, &c. Salaries and other Expences shall be borne by the respective Counties in or for which they shall be so respect shall reside. tively appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Chief Magistrate who shall be appointed under the said recited Magistrate

Act, or under this Act, shall, before he shall proceed to act in Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, fwo, [u

take the Oath required to be taken by Justices of the Peace in Ireland, before any Justice of the Peace of any ^OneoVCoun

County for which or any Part of which he shall be appointed Chief Magistrate as fcforesaid; which Oath tLes, &c. for Inch Justice of the Peace is hereby, on Demand made to him, authorized and required to administer 5 and on winch appointed, being so duly sworn, such Chief Magistrate shall be to all Intents and Purposes a Justice of the Peace in and and reside confer each County for which or for any Part of which he shall be so appointed, and in and for each and every stantly , n one-County adjoining to such County or Counties 5 and such Chief Magistrate as shall be appointed under this Act shall be constantly present in one or the other of the said Counties for which he shall be so appointed, save when be shall be authorized by the Permission of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to depart therefrom.

V. And be it enacted, That every Chief and Sub Constable who shall be appointed either under the Oath of Chief

find former Act or under this Act, shall, before he shall do any Act in his said Office, take the Oath and Sub Co*, following: stable.

J A* B. do swear. That I will well and truly serve our Sovereign Lord The King in the Office of Constable, in the County [or, Counties, as the case shall be, "} of; that I will fee and cause

His Majesty's Peace to be kept and preserved therein according to the befl of my Power, without Favour or Affection, Malice or Evil Will; and that I will well and truly execute according to Law, all Warrants and Precepts to me directed from C.D. Chief Magistrate of the said County [or, Counties, as the case may be, -\ or from any other Person who may be appointed such Chief Magistrate for the said County [or,

for the said Counties, or either of them, as the case may be, J in the Place and Stead of the said C.D. and 4 I will well and truly, according to my Power, Knowledge and Ability, do and execute all other Things belonging to the Omce of a Constable, appointed to affilt such Chief Magistrate, as long as I shall continue in the said Office/

And every such Oath shall be administered by the Chief Magistrate under whose Orders such Chief or Sub By whom*!* Constable shall be placed, which Chief Magistrate is hereby authorized and required to administer the same; miniiterfd. and thereupon every such Chief and Sub Constable shall have all the Powers of a Constable, and be to all Intents and Purposes a Constable of and in the County, apd of and in each and every County (if more than one) for which or for any Part of which such Chief or Sub Constable shall have been so appointed.

7 16 4 VI. And

54 G. 3- c.i$I. §17-

When Grand Juries have not appointed Constables in Dif. tri&s, Constables under 17 G. 3. (I.) c. 40. to continue until entiling Affixes.

54 G. 3. c. 119. Sch. (A.)

New Duties and Drawbacks on Wood.

|5i 1.

t Sk.

Duties paid on Wood not entered:

Duties deemed by good:

Duties, See. British Currency. Consolidated Fund.*When Duties on Wood shall cease, Sec. in G. B. Provision made that corre-fpooding Duly taken off in Ireland.

C. 13, 14. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1814.

1 VI. And Whereas by the faixl Aft of the Lall Session of Parliament the several Grand Juries of Coun-

ties divided into Distrida under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the c Twenty seventh Year of His- present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large, are empowered to appoint Constables for the several Baronies therein, in manner therein mentioned, not with (landing such Division into Districts; and the Grand Juries of such Counties so distrided, or some of them, may have omitted to appoint Constables at the last Affixes, pursuant to the Power vetted in them by the said Act: And Whereas the Grand c Juries of the said distrided Counties, or of several of them, may not have an Opportunity of appointing' f Constables for the said Counties, or several of them, before the Expiration of the said recited Act of the

Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, to wit, the Twenty fifth Day of March next; by reason

whereof the said Counties may be for a certain Period without any legal Constable* Be it therefore en-adedi That in every such County where Constables have not been appointed under the Powers of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, the Constables who have been appointed under the said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign shall continue to be Constables, and to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities of Constables, until the End of the next ensuing Assizes for such County, but no longer, in the same manner in all respects, and to be paid in the same manner in all respects, as if the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign had continued in force till such time.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to impose certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Wood into and from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Sorts of Wood; and to indemnify Persons who have admitted certain Sorts of Wood to Entry on Payment of a Proportion only of the Duty imposed thereon.

[1st December 1814 ]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merehandi % e imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties,

and the Schedule thereto annexed, certain Duties were granted and made payable on certain Sorts of Wood f in the said Schedule mentioned; and it is expedient to grant other Duties in lieu of some of the said*Duties; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Oue Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided} without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of the several Sorts of Wood mentioned, and set forth in the Schedule (a) hereunto annexed marked (A.) f imported into Ireland, the several Duties inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and there mall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties as the same are also respectively infected, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule marked (A.) f in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Wood of the like Sorts under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act. (a) [Schedule not marked (A.)]

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act granted on the Importation into Ireland of the several Sorts of Wood in the said Schedule mentioned, shall be charged and payable on all such Wood of the said several Sorts as shall not be entered on or before the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been then paid, notwithstanding such Wood may have been imported into Ireland before the Expiratioa of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in ail cases where the whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of any such Wood into Ireland are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act granted or imposed may in like manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, pe permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Drawbacks in this Act, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable* and received and receivable, in British Currency; and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland\

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain granted or made payable by any Ad m force in Great Britain at the time of the passing of this Act, upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by this Act, or the Schedule hereunto annexed, or any Part of such Duties in Great Britain, shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall be made that so much of the Duties of Customs granted by this»Ad and made payable in Ireland as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine, or be repealed as aforesaid in Great Britain, shall in Hke maimer cease or determine, or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs shall cease or determine or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Brttabi % and the Duties of Customs made payable by this Act ffiaft be reduced accordingly. t

15 VI. And

A.D. 1814. 55° GEORGII III. C. 14.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That the several Rates and Duties and Drawbacks hereby granted and Duties and allowed be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the fame Drawbacks how and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and lcvied and JDiredioiM, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merr chandive imported into and exported from Ireland in and by an act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling 14 & 15 Car. the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successorsf according to the Book of Rates therein C1*) Self 4. c. S.

mlerted, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and &c*

Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Powers an£

Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Four- Appeal, teenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

VII. And Whereas upon Representations made to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, from several Merchants and others, concerned in the Trade between Norway and Ireland, respecting tire Difficulties to which they were subjected from the Duties imposed on certain Sorts of Wood called Battens, Deals and Staves, according to the Dimensions thereof, under an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and which could not be known in Norway and other Parts of the North 54 G. 3. c. 119.

4 of Europe, so as to enable the Merchants there to make an AiTortment of such Sorts of Wood in time to

import the fame at the lower Duties imposed by the said Act, it was deemed expedient by the said Commimonm to give Directions to the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, that certain Sorts of Battens, Deals and Staves, shipped from the North of Europe before the First Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, should be admitted to entry in Ireland on Payment of certain Sums in that behalf specified, being a Part or Proportion only of the Duties imposed by the said recited Act: And Whereas the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, in pursuance of the said Directions, have permitted and may continue to permit the Admission of a Quantity of such Battens, Deals and Staves to Entry accordingly, and it is expedient that such Proceeding should be sanctioned by Parliament, and that all Persons issuing, giving or advising such Directions, or concerned in the issuing, giving or -adviling any such Directions, and also all Persons acting under or in pursuance thereof, should be respectively indemnified* Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons issuing, giving or Indemnity, advising any such Directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the issuing, giving or advising any such Directions, and also all Persons acting or who may aft under or in pursuance of the said Directions, shall be, and thqy are hereby indemnified for and on Account of the fame, and of any Act, Matter or Thing done in pursuance of or in obedience to Qr in conformity with such Directions as aforesaid, as fully and-effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the fame Directions had been given, and such Acts, Matters and Things had been done in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts Ad amended, to be passed in this present Session of Parliament. &c.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

WOOD; videlicet,

- Battens, being not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 3}

Inches in Thickness,

- if 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120-

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- exceeding 12 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 14 Feet

in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- exceeding 14 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 16 Feet

in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120-

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 18 Feet

in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- exceeding 18 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 20 Feet

in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120-

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

Gio* III. D

Duty. I .Drawback.

iff. /. d. d.

8 6 3 49O

8 12 4 49O

9 14 0 5 3 IO'

10 1 2 5 3 10

11 1 8 5 18 8

1198 5 18 8

1294 63 6

12 18 4 6 13 6

13 17 2 7 8 4

H 7 2 7 8 4

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1814.

C. 14

Duty. Drawback.

WOOD, Battens — continued. - - - exceeding 20 Feet in Length, £. /. d. £. /. d.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 34 6*14 8 10

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 35 4 0 14 8 10

in Width, and not exceeding 3$ Inches in Tliick-ness, - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 4 H 5 1 19 9

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 4 18 2 1 19 9

- under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 3} Inches in Thickness, .- - imported in a British-built Ship, the 12093 1 3 17

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120910 0 3 17 V

of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 083

ana not exceeding 3$ Inches in Thickness $ videlicet, .- - if 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120- 1295 5 5 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 12 18 6 5 5

- exceeding 12 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 14 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120* 14 11 0 6 26

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 ij 1 7 626

- exceeding 14 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 16 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - 16 12 6 700

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 17 4 8 700

- exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 18 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - 18 14 1 7 17 6

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 19 7 8 7 17 6

- exceeding 18 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120- 20 15 7 8 15 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 21 10 8 8 15 0

in Width, not exceeding 20 Feet in Length and exceeding 3f Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - 41 " 3 17 10 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 43 1 4 17 10 0

- being above 7 Inches in Width and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 5192 21 13 4

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 52 16 1 21 lS 4

- being above 7 Inches in Width and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length and exceeding Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 100 6 1 42 4 8

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 101 17942 4 8

- Deal Ends; videlicet, above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3} Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 7 1 8 2 19 8

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 7 7 3 2 19 8

- above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3$ Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 1$ 14 8 5 15 8

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 H 5 0 5 iJ 9

n

Duty.

Drawback.

WOOD, Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direct, from thence, the 120

And further on all Deals and Deal Ends of the aforesaid Lengths and Thicknesses, but of the following Widths, the following additional Duties and Drawbacks following, videlicet,

.- if exceeding 12 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 15 Inches

in Width, Twenty five per Cent, or One Fourth of the aforesaid Rates.

- if exceeding 15 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 18 Inches

in Width, Fifty per Cent, or One Half of the aforesaid Rates.

- if exceeding 18 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 21 Inches

in Width, Seventy five per Cent, or Three Fourths of the aforesaid Rates.

- if exceeding 21 Inches in Width, One hundred per Cent, or an additional Duty and Drawback equal to the aforesaid Rates respectively.

- Staves, not being the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America; videlicet,

- not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding Inches

in Breadth:

«... if not exceeding 1 Inch in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- if exceeding 1 Inch in Thickness, and not exceeding 2 Inches in

Thickness,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 ' -

- if exceeding 2 Inches in Thickness, or Inches in Breadth, such

Staves shall pay the several Duties, and receive the several Drawbacks set forth in 54 Geo. 3. cap. 129. Schedule (A.)

£ / d» £ 1. 4l.

083

- f i

050 02 6

052 0 2 6

0 10 0 0 5 0

0 10 4 050

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making Provi-6cm for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

making Provision for the better Support of His Majestfs Household, during the Continuance of HU

Majestx Indisposition, it is, among other things, enacted, that whenever the Deficiency of the Civil List

Revenues should exceed a certain Sum therein mentioned, the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commission*

era for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, should cause an Account of such Deficiency of the Civil List Revenues to be laid before Parliament within One Month after the fame should

have arisen, if Parliament should be then fitting; or if Parliament should not be then fitting, within One

Month after the next Sitting of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the Accounts of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues should for the Purposes of the said Act, and the more effeAuai Execution of the ProviGoas thereof, be made up and completed to a fixed and certain Period in each Year, during the Continuance of the said Act; and that the said Accounts should be laid before Parliament, in conformity

to the Provisions of the said Act, at an earlier Period of the Year than has hitherto taken placeBe >t therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Accounts of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues shall, for the Purposes of the said Act, he hereafter made up and computed to the Fifth Day of January in each Year, for the Year preceding the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and that in case any Deficiency shall appear to have taken place in the Year preceding such Fifth Day of January, whereof, according to the Provi, fioas of the said recited Act, an Account is required to be laid before Parliament, in manner therein directed, that then and in that case the several Accounts of the said Civil List Revenues, made up as aforesaid for One Year to the Fifth Day of January then last preceding, shall, as required by the said recited Act, be laid before Parliament on or before the Twenty eighth Day of February in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting; and in case Parliament shall not be then fitting, within Twenty Days after the then next Meeting ef ParfiameBt*

Da CAP.

5 % G. 3. c. 6.

Accounts of Civil List Revenue? made up and computed to certain Period in each Year; and in case of Deficiency, laid before Parliament.

C.i6.

A.D. 1815.

fce

48 0.3. c. 3.

Bank tocontinue Loan under Alt.

No Alteration made in Usage at Exchequer of permuting Bank to withdraw Monies on Security of Exchequer Bills, &c.

Exchequer Bills made out under Alt to remain as Security for Repayment of Money advanced.

Money issued out of Consolidated Fund re* placed.

No Interest payable oti Exchequer Bills, till after April 5, 1816.

5$

GEORGII III.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering tie Governor and Company of the Bank of England to ad vance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eigh hundred and eight.

[23d March 1815.'

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitule* f An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum oj Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight; Anc

Whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and have agreed to continue th* 4 Loan of the said Sum of Three Millions advanced under the Provisions of the said recited Act until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, without Interest : Now, therefore. We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted b] The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shal be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to continue the Advance and Loan to His Majesty, made in pursuance of the said recited All, upon the Credit of Exchequer Bills authorized to b< issued, and issued under the said All, of the Sum of Three Millions, without Interest, until the Fifth Day o April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to tin contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during the Period the said Sum of Three Million shall continue so advanced by the said Governor and Company no Alteration rtiall be made in the Usagn established at the Exchequer of permitting the said Governor and Company to withdraw the Monies in th Receipt of the Exchequer upon the Security of Exchequer Bills or Notes of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the full Amount of such Monies so withdrawn being deposited in th Cheffs of the Tellers of the Exchequer by the said Governor and Company, nor shall any of the Account how by Law directed to be kept at the Bank of England be withdrawn from thence during the abov-Period.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills made out under the Provsions of the said recite* AH for Securing the said Advance of Three Millions shall remain and continue as a Security for the Repay ment of the said Sum of Money at the Period by this Act specified, in like manner in every respect as if nev Exchequer Bills were made out for that Purpose, payable on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eigh hundred and sixteen, and shall, together with all Charges incident to or attending the fame, be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the Aids or Supplies which shall t» granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and in caS sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the said Fifth Day of April Om thousand eight hundred and sixteen, then all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Charges incident to or attend ing the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any time or times at o: after such Period shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund (excep such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by am Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf), and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may b issued and applied as soon as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained for and towards paying off, can celling and discharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelle* and discharged, or money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable 01 Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the fai* Consolidated Fund shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then afte granted by Parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Interest shall be payable or paid upon or in respect o the said Exchequer Bills: Provided always, that in case Provision shall not be made by Parliament for Paymen of the said Exchequer Bills, so that the same shall be fully paid and discharged on or before the said Fifth Da; of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, then and in such case the said Exchequer Bills, or such Par thereof as shall then remain unpaid, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eigh hundred and sixteen, bear Interest at and after the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum and such Interest is hereby made chargeable and charged upon and shall be borne and paid by and out of th fame Fund as the principal Money payable in respect of the said Exchequer Bills is by this Act charged am chargeable upon 5 any thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrar thereof notwithstanding.

C A I

A.D. 1815. J5* GEORGII III. C. 17, 18. ai

CAP. XVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[23d March 1815J

[This Act except the Dates isJimilar to, 54 G. 3. f.y.]

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to settle and secure an Annuity on Lord Walfmgham, in Consideration of his Services as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords.

[23d March 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of You*

Majesty, by His most Gracious Message to Your Majesty's faithful Commons, hath been pleased to

declare, that having taken into His serious Consideration the Ability, Integrity, Impartiality and indefa-

ti gable Industry, with which the Lord Walsingham has discharged the weighty and important Duties of

Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords, and of the Private Committees of the fame, for these

Twenty Years last past, and regretting the Misfortune of his Lordship's Inability from Infirmity any longer

to execute the Duties of that important Office, recommended to Your faithful Commons to consider of a

proper Method of enabling Your Majesty to grant to the Lord Walsingham an Annuity of Two thousand

Pounds: 9 Now We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subieds, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That one Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be bluing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sjums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund, ) and the same shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, to the said Lord IValjingham, for and during his natural Life 5 which Said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take effect from the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; the First Payment to be computed from the said Tenth Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of OBolcr and the Fifth Day of January, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being to make forth and pals Debentures from time to time, for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or takep for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which said Warrant and the Debentures to be made forth and pasted thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum to the said Lord IValjingham at the respective quarterly Feast Days in this Act before splinted for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that

Annuity of a, ooool. to Lord Walsingham for Life.

Commencement.

Payable

Quarterly.

Warrants issued by Treasury for Payment.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant the same shall be good, Not revocable, valid and efifedual in Law according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty, (whom God long preserve !) or of any of bit Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, tr any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, now being, and the High Trea- No Fees charged, fear of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer and of the Receipt thereof, worn and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do without Fee or Reward all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be weaeSxrf to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several ftrmcaU hereby directed effectual,

' V. And

Acquittances of Lord Walfing-ham sufficient Discharge. Annuity Tax free.

How Annuity recovered#

Duties of Excise in Schedule to Act in lieu of Sump Duties on such Licences.

Exception.

Stamp Duties granted on Licences by 5 % G. 3. c. 87.5

J30. 3. t.x37. repealed.

Licences granted on un-stamped Paper, Itc.

Duties paid in Britishi Currency. Consolidated Fund.

AS G-3- c. 50.

47 0.3. Self I*

c. 3J*

47 G. 3. SeflT.a. c. 12.

33 O. 3. c. 137. repealed.

C. 18, 19. .55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Lore Walsingham shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, with out any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf 5 and that the said Annuity o yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and othe Charges whatsoever; And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refus or neglect to pay the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Inten and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Lord Walsingham to receive the same then the said Lord Walsingham may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any o them, their Heirs, Executors or Administratora, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recove: Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors o Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment o the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to di any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquor

by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities, in Ireland, in lieu o

the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences; and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties

and to regulate the ififuing of such Licences \ and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituom

Liquors in Ireland\ [23d March 1815/

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain Stamp Duties payable upon the several Licences herein after mentioned and heretofore granted to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be paid anc«payable in Ireland, and to grant certain Duties of Excise in lieu thereof, and to consolidate and (implify the«Laws relating to the granting and issuing of such Licences : ' May it therefore please Your Majesty thai it may be enacted; ana be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice anc Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundrec and fifteeen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upoi and in respect of the several Licences mentioned, set forth, expressed, enumerated and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise, as they are respectively described an< set forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule and all the Matters therein contained shall be deemed an< taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the said several Duties of Excifi shall be in lieu and in full Satisfaction of all Duties granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament on or ii respect of any of the Licences in the said Schedule mentioned, except such Duties as have been or shall or ma^ be granted or imposed for certain Local Purposes in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and whicl Duties are or may be appropriated to such Local Purposes by the Act or Acts by which the said Duties an or shall be granted or imposed, or by any other Act or Acts; and that, from and after the Twenty fifth Da^ of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all Duties of Stamps imposed by an Act of Parliamen made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the federal Dutie, under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in liei thereof; and for transferring the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the Commissioner, of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, on any Licences which are fuljjefted to any Duty unde this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; anc that the Duties on such Licences in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, mentioned and contained, shall h* paid and payable, in lieu and instead of the said Duties of Stamps on such Licences under and by virtue of thi laid recited Act, or of an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act /< amend the several Acts for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail, in Ireland 5 and that all and every such Licence and Licences, from and after the said Twenty fiftl Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall and may be granted on undamped Vellum Parchment or Paper; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Duties in this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexec specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency and all and every the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deducted shall be carried to and shall be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eigh hundred and fifteen, the several Acts herein after mentioned (except as is herein after provided) shall cease aiu determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed; that is to say, an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail; and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors it Ireland; and also an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act /< secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland, dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and also an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make furthet Regulations with respect to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland; and alfc an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His mid Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the fever a

Ad,

*3

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 19.

A 8s for repeating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beery Ale and Cyder by Retail in Ireland; and also that so much and such Parts of the several Acts herein after mentioned (except as is herein after provided) as relate to the applying for, obtaining, granting and issuing of any Licence or Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail in Ireland; or as relate to Retailers of Spirituous Liquors or other Liquors, shall in like manner cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed; that is to say, so much and such Parts as aforesaid of an Act made in the Forty eighth 48 G. j, c. 6* Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the making perpetual several Acts, for the better CoU leSion and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Provijton for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto; and also of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to 49 G. 3. c. 99. amend the several Acts, for the regulating and securing the Colic8ion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail; and also of the hereinbefore recited Act made in $ % G. 3. c. 87. the Fifty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care §4- and of the Commisstonersy for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and x>ut

for transferring the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the Commissioners of Inland*m ^art"

Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and also of an Act made in the said Fifty second Year of His 5* 3. c. 1x6.

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and Management of the Stamp DrUcs in Ireland, and to make more effectual Regulations for colie Sing and managing the said Duties; and alto 51 G. 3. c. 97. of another Act made in the said Fifty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend m part repealed. several Acts relating to the Revenue of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, lave and except such Clauses,

Regulations and Provisions in the said several Acts or any of them as shall be in force immediately before the pafi&ng of this Act, in any way relating to or concerning Persons licensed in Ireland as Grocers, with respedi to then* having or obtaining Licences to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, all which said lad mentioned Clauses, Regulations and Provisions shall be and continue in force as to such Grocers, and shall be applied to such Grocers with respect to the Duties and Regulations in this Act contained, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act 5 save also and except so far as the said several Acts or Exception, any of them may relate to or concern the prosecuting, suing for and recovering of any Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture for any Offence against the said Acts or any of them which shall have been or shall be committed oq or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March; and save and except that all Licences granted under the Exception#

said recited Acts respectively or any of them, before the said Twenty fifth Day of Marche shall be and continue in force and effect according to the Terms and Nature thereof, and the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, as if this Act had not been made.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the securing the Payment of the Duties by this 1 Act granted on the several Licences herein after mentioned, and to regulate the granting and issuing of such Licenses in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Who m*y grant said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall and may be lawful for the Commimoners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland or for any One of them, or for any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, or by any Three of them, or for the CoQeftors of Excifo in their respective Districts, or other Officer of Excise in Charge of any such District, to grant any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons in Ireland for any of the respective Purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say;

To fell, by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead:

To foil Spirituous Liquors on Commission or otherwise in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being a licensed Distiller or an Importer of Spirits:

To keep a Malt House and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the Purpose of being used in any Brewery m Distillery: (a)

To fell Malt, the Party felling the some not being licensed to make Malt s To brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small B4er, for Sale:

To manufacture Tobacco in any maimer:

To deal in unmanufoftured Tobacco, except as a Wholesale Importer only:

To fell by Retail or otherwise deal in Coffee, except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries:

To manofofture Candles and Soap or either of them for Sale 3 To manofofture Paper Hangings: f b)

To foil Paper Hangings not being the Manufacturer thereof 1 To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper: (c)

To brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines:

To make Metheglin or Mead for Sale;

To make Vinegar for Sale:

To fell by Retail, Tea, Sugar, Groceries or any of them, (including Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants*

Raisins and Figs) :

To foil or make any Gold or Silver Plate:

To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit or to Tan Leather: (4/)

To diefo Hides or Skins in Oil:

To make Vellum or Parchment:

[a) [Seeante, c. 99.] (3) post. c. 106.] (r) poJLc* 11a. §6.] (4/) [Seepof.#105.]

To

C. i9»

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Collectors may sign, &c. Licences on Payment of Duty, ice.

Licences to reflify, Sec. Spirits who signed by. Collectors, kc. on Payment of Duty, See. may issue Licences.

Contents of Licences.

To exercise the Trade or Business of a Brazier or Worker in Brass, Tin, Copper or other Metal for making Stills, Still-Heads or Worms of Stills:

To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club House or Coffee House:

To fell by Auction:

To make Glass Bottles or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal:

To exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse or other Bead of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize$ and also to travelling Tinkers and Cafters of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale:

To carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty:

To carry on the Trade of selling Carriages chargeable with Duty by way of Auction or on Commission:

To let to hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Poll by the Mile or from Stage to Stage:

And the several Coile&ors of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland in their respective Didri£ts, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of any such District, or any other Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or by any Three of them, shall and may, upon the Payment of the Duty payable by Law on such Licences, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty, sign and grant such Licences in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct, to the Person paying the said Duty, and the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound thereon without any further Fee or Reward whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to sign any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons in Ireland, to keep a Still or Stills to re6tify or compound Spirits or Strong Waters; and that the several Collectors or other Officers in Charge as aforesaid, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, shall and may upon the Payment of the Duty payable by Law on Licences, to keep any Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits or Strong Waters, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty, issue such Licences signed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes or any Three of them, to the Person or Persons paying the said Duty and the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound thereon, without any further Fee or Reward whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all and every the Licence and Licences mentioned in this Act, there shall be contained and set forth the Purpose of such Licence, the Name and Residence of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, with the Date of ifilling the fame, and the time for which the same shall be in force 5 and the House or Place, or Houses or Places, and the Number thereof respectively, if such House or Place be numbered, in which the Business for which such Licence is granted is to be carried on, so far as the Nature of the Business will allow it to be confined to any House or Houses, Place or Places, capable at the time of being specified or described in such Manner and Form as may from time to time be for that Purpose directed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland* or any Three of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Licence and Licences in this Act mentioned, which granted after shall be granted after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and before in fOTce untilFifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall continue in force, from the Date of such Licence respectively, until and upon the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and no longer; and shall be charged with, and pay such Duties only, as are mentioned and ex-

?reffed with respect to the said Licences in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and that all and every the jicence and Licences in this Act mentioned, which shall be granted after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of January next after the Date of such Licences respectively, and no longer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Collector, and other Officer or Person respectively, by this P^nfaTand° authorized to grant or issue such Licences, and to receive the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on Commissioners the Amount of the Duty payable in respect of such Licence as aforesaid, shall keep a separate Account thereof, and shall account for, and shall remit and pay the Amount of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound at the same time and in like manner, as by Law such Collector, or other Officer or Person, ought to

account for, remit and pay the said Duty; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of In-

land Excise and Taxes, from time to time, to direct that the Amount of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, or so much thereof as they shall think proper, shall be paid to or distributed between the Collector, or other Officer or Officers, in such Proportion and at such time, and in such manner and under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall order and appoint, towards rewarding such Colle6fcor or other Officer for their Exertions in the due Collection of the Duties payable upon Licences in Ireland; and if there shall be any Surplus or Excess of the said Sum of One Shilling count of Duties hi the Pound remaining after such Payment or Diffribution as aforesaid, all and every such Surplus or

Excels shall from time to time be carried to and placed to the Account of Excise Duties payable upon

Licences in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall deal in, retail, make, manufacture, fell or keep for Sale, or expose to Sale any Articles, Matters or Things, or shall exercise or cany on any Business, Occupation, Trade or Calling on the Licence in respectc whereof any Duty is by this Act imposed, shall take out such Licence before such Person shall deal in, retail, make, manufacture, fell or keep for Sale, or expose to Sale any such Articles, Matters or Things, and before such Person shall exercise or carry on any such

1 a Business,

Licences granted after March 15, 1? in force until 5th Jan. 1816, and Licences granted after that Day in force until 5th Jau. following.

Collectors to

may distribute fame, or Part thereof, among Collectors, Sec.

Surplus, if any,

Exerrifing Trade, without Wing licensed.

A.D. 181j. 55° GEORGII . III. C. 19. 15

Business, Occupation, Trade or Calling i and if any Person shall deal in, retail, make, feU or keep for Sale, or expose to Sale any of the said respective Articles, Matters or Things, or (half exercise or carry on any such Bufinefi, Occupation, Trade or Calling, without having taken out such Licence respectively, and having the fame in force, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Persons in Partnership (except in cases of Audioneers Licences ta herein after mentioned) and carrying on Trade or Business in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to partner* take out more than one Licence; and that no One Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act Licences (halt shall authorize any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to deal in, retail, make, manufacture, Hiuf^oTpiace fell or keep for Sale any of the Articles or Things hereinbefore mentioned in any other House or Place than the mentioned House or Place mentioned in such Licence as the House or Place wherein he, she or they respectively did deal therein, &c. in, retail, make or manufacture, or fell or keep the said respective Articles or Things at the time of granting such Licence and described therein; and every such Person who shall deal in, retau, make or manufacture, fell or keep for Sale, any of the Articles or Things hereinbefore mentioned, in any other House or Place shall, as to every such other House or Place, be considered as unlicensed, and shall be subject to all Pains,

Penalties and Forfeitures as such, save as herein otherwise is particularly provided.

XI. Provided always, That every person carrying on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, whether Auctioneers tm.

alone or in Partnership with any other Person or Persons, shall be obliged to take out a separate and distinct*ke out diflu*& Licence to fell by Auction. Licences.

XII. Provided also, That any Licence to fell by Auction the Duty whereon shall be of the highest Amount of Amount payable by Law on any such Licence shall authorize the Person licensed thereby to fell by Auction Duty on Auc-in any Part of Ireland whatever without any further or other Licence; and any Licence to fell by Auction tioneers*Licencs the Duty whereon shall be of less Amount than aforesaid, shall authorize the Person licensed thereby to fell pJ^JfSale. by AuSdon in any Part of Ireland, save and except such Parts or Places the Duty payable on any Licence

to fefl by Auction wherein shall be of higher Amount.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and all Regulations therein contained, shall extend and be Minors taking construed to extend to any Person under the age of Twenty one Years to whom, or in whose Name or for Licences liable whose Use or Benefit any Licence in this Act mentioned shall be granted 5 and such Person shall be charge- 10 Penaiue* able with all Duties of Excise on Account of such Licence; and shall be subject and liable to all the Pro;

visions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures of and under this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person were adult and of full Age.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Licence shall be granted to Two or more Persons, and Benefit of any or either of them shall die before the Expiration thereof, every such Licence shall nevertheless continue in Licence to force for the Benefit of the Survivor or Survivors during the time for which the same shall have been Survlvon-granted* - w

XV. And be it further eneded. That every Person requiring any Licence in this Act mentioned, except Persons require licences to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in respect whereof other Provision is herein after

made, fhaB, in order to entitle him to the fame, deliver to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, ijvera Note of or to the Person or Persons authorized to grant such Licences, a Note in Writing, setting forth his, her or Names, &c. their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, specifying the House or other Place, if the Nature of,

the Trade admit thereof, and the Situation thereof, and also the Number of such House or Place, if the same shall have been or shall be numbered, where such Person or Persons is or are desirous to be licensed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland who shall deal in, retail, fell, make or ma- Parties ntrfacture any Article, or keep any Manufactory, Place or Thing, or exercise or carry on any Trade, Business

or Calling, or do any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned, and for which a Licence is required by Law, Trade. 8

fhaO cause to be painted on a Board with Letters publickly visible and legible at least One Inch long in

White upon a Black ground, or Black upon a White Ground, his, her or their Name or Names respectively

at full Length, and after such Names the Words, Licensed, adding thereto to fell, or to retail, or to mantis

facture, or to deal in, or to brew, or to make the Article or Thing, or to keep the Manufactory, Place or

Thing, or to carry on and exercise the Trade, Business, Occupation or Calling on Account of which the

Party shall be so licensed, as. the case may require, specifying the Article, Thing, Manufactory, Trade, Place,

BofioeCs, Occupation or Calling which such rerson shall by such Licence be empowered to deal in, retail, kfl, mannfadure, make, brew, keep or carry on or exercise respectively, and such Person shall also cause the said Board to be affixed in some conspicuous Place on the Outside of the Front of his or her House, Shop of Manufactory respectively, not more than Three Feet from the Top of the Shop Door or Front or Outside Door of Inch House or Manufactory, and every such Person shall preserve and keep up such Board so painted during the Continuance of such Licence, or in Default of affixing such Board or keeping the fame so affixed, every such Person shall forfeit respectively for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person on or before whose House or other Place any Board Unlicensed Per-shall be affixed or erected, importing that such Person deals in, retails, fells, makes or manufactures any

Article or Thing, or exercises or carries on any Trade, Business, Occupation or Calling as in this Act men- OM<k*atc* tinned, or importing that such Person is licensed so to do, shall not at the time be licensed to deal in, retail, fdl, make or manufacture any such Article or Thing, or to exercise or carry on any such Trade, Business,

Occupation or Calling which such Board shall so import, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, Penalty forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have obtained any such License as is in Persons may this Act mentioned (except a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors by. Retail) shall be minded to remove from the Place mentioned in such Licence for carrying on such Business, and to carry on the lame in any other

55 Gjgo. III. E House r 11

f*me City or Town with Lme of Com-

Duties due from Party removing P*

Fotfinr, &c. Licence*.

[Penalty.]

Proof of Licence shall lie on Per-4bn charged with Offence.

Cofle&or, fcc. to )[eep Accounts of Licences granted, an attested Copy whereof Evidence of gmnt-ifcg Licences, 4

Officer (Hall not grant Permits out of Stock of unlicensed 'Persont without Sandion of Commissioners. Not producing Licence oft Demand of Officer. Penalty,

SS° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815

House or Place in the fame Town or City, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and so such Person with the Leave or Permission of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or an; Three of them, to carry or fend such Licence to the Collector or other Officer or Person who shall be the! appointed under the Provisions of this Act for granting or issuing Licences in the District, and fuel Collector or other Officer or Person shall by Indorsement on such Licence without Fee or Reward, deferib the Situation of the House or Place to which such Person shall be so desirous of removing, and shall date th time of making such Indorsement, and shall sign his Name thereto and thereupon, and from thenceforth fuel Licence shall be good, valid and effectual according to the Contents thereof, and of the said Indorsement ii the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such House or Place so indorsed had been mentioned in th Body of such Licence for carrying on such Business, instead of the House or Place mentioned therein and no otherwise; and every such Person upon whose License any such Indorsement shall be made shall be chargeabi with Duty, and shall be subject and liable to all such Penalties and Forfeitures, to all Intents and Purpose whatsoever, as if such House or Place mentioned in such Indorsement had been the House or Place mentionet in the Body of such Licence 5 and every such Person, and also every Surety and Sureties of such Person shal be subject and liable accordingly; any thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary ih any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Collector or othei Officer or Person to make any such Indorsement on any such Licence, unless and until all Duties whicl shall have been or shall he incurred by such Person so desirous of removing from the House or Place for whicl such Licence shall he or shall have been originally granted, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, alter or erase, or shall caufi to be forged, counterfeited, altered or ended, any Licence for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or any such In dorfement on any such Licence as aforesaid, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to he produced or mad< use of, as a true Licence, any such forged, counterfeited, altered or erased Licence, or shall produce or mak< use of, or cause to be produced or made use of, any Licence with any forged, counterfeited, altered or erafec Indorsement thereon, purporting to be a true Indorsement made thereon pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to be produced or made use of any Vellum, Parchment 01 Paper, purporting to be a Licence in force, and not being such Licence in force, every such Person shall, foi every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint or Information shall be had or prosecutec againflany Person or Persons for carrying on any Trade, Business or Calling, or dealing in, retailing, ma nufacturing or felling, or exposing to Sale, or having, using or keeping in his Possession any Article, Mattel or Thing, for the dealing in, retailing, manufacturing or felling, having, using or keeping, whereof a Licence is or shall be required by Law, without having a Licence for so doing in manner required by Law, the Proo that such Person hath obtained such Licence, and had the fame in force at the time of the Offence charged ic such Complaint or Information, shall lie on the Party against whom such Complaint or Information shall tx had or prosecuted, and it shall not be necessary for tde Officer or Person complaining or prosecuting such Information, to prove that the Person or Persons so complained of, had not such Licence 5 any Law. or Usag^ to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Collectors of Excise or other Officer or Person or Persons appointed under the Provisions of this Act, for granting or issuing Licences, shall enter or cause to tw entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a true and accurate Lift or Account of all Licence!

?[ranted by or issued by them respectively, and the Import and Dates of such Licences, the times for which uch Licences shall respectively be in force, the Name of the Person licensed, and the Places where they shall he licensed, to deal in, retail, make, manufacture or keep for Sale any of the said respective Articles ot Things, or to carry on any Business, Occupation, Trade or Calling, and also such Particulars as shall be contained (if any) in any Indorsement made on such Licence pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and that or the Trial of any Action, Information, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution, for or relating to any Matter 01 Thing touching or concerning any such Licence or Licences where it may be necessary to prove the granting or issuing of any such Licence or Licences an attested Copy signed by the Collector or other Officer ir Charge of the Collection of the District of the Entry of such Licence or Licences so kept as aforesaid, in any of the said Books, shall be admitted as Evidence that such Licence or Licences was or were granted and issued to the Person or Persons, and for the House or Place mentioned therein, or in the Indorsement there, on, as the case may be, without producing or requiring the Production of the original Licence or Licence! which had been granted to such Person or Persons; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwith. standing.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Excise, without the Sane-tion, Direction or Authority of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three oi them, to grant to any Person or Persons who is or are required to take out a Licence for felling or keeping any Goods or Articles any Permit for the Conveyance of the fame out of the Stock of such Person, unlei! such Person or Persons shall, have obtained and have in force a Licence for felling or keeping such Article.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall deal in, retail, make, fell or keep or expofi to Sale any such respective Articles or Things, or shall exercise or carry on any Trade, Occupation oj Calling, for which any Licence i9 by this Act required, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Tei Pounds, unless a Licence in force to such Person for dealing in, retailing, making, felling or keeping the respective Articles or Things, or for exe^cifing or carrying on the Trade, Occupation or Calling, shall hi produced and delivered tooc read to any Officer of Excise or Customs, within a reasonable time after fuel Officer shall demand the Production of such Licence*

-'II XXIV. And

A.D. 181f $5" GEORGII III. C.ig.

XXIV. And, (or the moreeafy and prompt Collection of the Duties payable upon Licences id Ireland, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise to enter in the Day Time into any House, Shop, Storehouse, Workhouse, Manufactory or other Place whereon or before which shall be affixed any Board importing the Occupier thereof to be licensed to deal in, retail, make, fell or keep for Sale any of the respective Articles or Things in this Act mentioned, or to exercise or carry on any Trade, Occupation or Calling, for the exercising or carrying on of which a Licence is by this Act required, and to demand the View of the proper Licence to Inch Person; and if a proper Licence in force shall not be produced, such Officer shall report the same to the Collector of Excise of the Diflri6l, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such Distri6!, and thereupon and if such Person shall not have applied for and obtained a Licence pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, when such Demand shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or other Officer so in Charge as aforesaid, to issue his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all Goods and Chattels found in such House, Shop, Storehouse, Workhouse, Manufactory or other Place belonging to such Person, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof; and if, after the Payment of such Sura as the Duty on such Licence would amount to, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound thereon, and the Costs and Expences of such taking, dillraining and Sale thereof, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Person or iis Representatives, and thereupon the Collector or other Officer aforesaid shall, if the Party against whom: uch Warrant shall have been issued, desire the fame, and shall be duly entitled thereto, grant him a Licence for carrying on such Trade without further Request: Provided always, that whenever any of the Articles aforesaid shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or his Representatives, at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to require the same to be delivered up to him or them, upon his or their paying to the Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the fame may be delivered up accordingly.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Licence granted under the Authority of this Act shall be renewed annually Ten Days at least before the Expiration thereof; and if any Person or Persons having had or who shall have any such Licence, and shall have omitted to renew the fame within the time aforesaid, shall continue to carry on the Trade or Business for which any such Licence shall have been or shall be granted after the Expiration of such Licence, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: Provided always, that every such renewed Licence, which shall be granted within such Ten Days respectively, and which shall be taken out to be in force at any time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall bear Date on the Day when the same shall be signed, and shall and may be granted, to be and continue in force from the Fifth Day of January next after the Date thereof, until and upon the Fifth Day of January in the Year next following, and no longer: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or disqualify any Person or Persons who shall have omitted to renew his, her or their Licence within the Space of Ten Days aforesaid, from taking out or obtaining a Licence or Licences at any time during the Course of any Year ending on the Fifth Day of January; and if any such Licence shall be taken out at any time after the Fifth Day of January in any Year, the same shall be granted to continue in force from the Date thereof respectively, until and upon the Fifth Day of January next after such Date, and no longer.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person to keep any Still or StHh tore&ify or compound Spirits or Strong Waters, unless and until the Person applying for the lame shall have entered into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds each, in case such Person shall apply to be licensed to keep a Still or Stills to rectify Spirits or Strong Waters, or in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, in case the Person shall apply to be licensed to keep a Still or Stills to compound Spirits and Strong Waters, conditioned that the Party so to be licensed respectively shall not by himself or herself or themselves, or by any Person for his, her or their Use, Benefit, Account or Profit, use or cause or permit or suffer any such Still or Stills to be used in dillilling any Worts, Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings whatever; and that such Rectifier and Compounder respectively shall not fell or deliver any Spirits or Strong Waters which shall not have been actually rt&ihed or compounded, as the case may be, in such Still or Stills so to be licensed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Redlifier or Compounder to fell any Spirits or Strong Waters, except such Spirits or Strong Waters as shall have been rectified or compounded, as the case may be, in some Still or Stills of such Re6lifier or Compounder duly licensed according to Law; and if any such Re6lifier or Compounder shall fell any Spirits or Strong Waters which shall jo: have been so rectified or compounded as aforesaid, such Re&ifier or Compounder shall, for every such Ofence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

1 XXVIII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Power of making Orders for the issuing cf Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin and Mead by Retail in Ireland, should be vested in the Magistrates of the several Counties Be it further enacted, That it shall and "lay be lawful for the Indices of the Peace assembled at any Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment tiimof within their respective Counties, to fix upon Persons proper to be entrusted with the Sale of such Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, within any Barony or Half Barony, Town or City, except the City of Dublin, within their respective Counties, and to order Licences to be issued accordingly, and such Ja&ket so assembled are hereby authorized and required to order the fame accordingly,

E a XXIX. An4

*7

CoUedars may issue Warrants and distrain for Amount of Licence Duty.

[Proviso.]

Licences renewed annually.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

i L

Rcftifiers^fce. 1 to give Security*not ro diilil any Wash, &c. not ° fell any Spirits not rectified, fcc. in StHL

Reflifiers, «Vc. of Spirits not to fell any Spirits not redifted, &c.

[Penalty.]

Magistrates it Sessions shall fix on proper Persons to be licensed to retail Spirits,

*8

C. 19.

<(5° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181$.

Retailers applying for Licences to deliver Note of .Namee to Cterk of Peace.

Justices to enquire into Character of Party and Sufficiency of Sureties, Approbation entered in The Crown Book.

Certificate.

Fee*

Parties applying for Licence to Sessiont more than Seven Miles distant to produce Certificate of Two eared Magistrates.

Persons refuted Licences may appeal to General Sessions.

Retail Spirit Licences granted on Orders, Sec. fraudulently burned void.

Clerk of Peace entering Orders, Jtc. not warranted.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Licence m aforesaid shall be ordered or issued taany Prrfoa# unless the Person applying for such Licence to retail Spirituous or other Liquors, shall have delivered a Note in Writing to the act in g Clerk of the Peace of his Christian and Sirname and Place of Abode, spedfying the House, Town or Townland, Parish, Barony or Half Barony; and if in the County of a Town or City, the Road, Street, Square, Lane or other Description of Place, together with the Number of such House or Place, if such House or Place shall have been or shall be numbered where such Person desires to be licensed to fell in, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons whom such Person requiring such Licence proposes as Sureties, not being Distillers or Publicans.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any such Sessions or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid shall, previous to ordering a Licence as aforesaid to be issued to any Person, esquire, and they are hereby authorized and directed to enquire in open Court, and upon Oath if they shall see Occasion, into the Character of such Person so applying for a Licence, and whether the House wherein such Person proposes to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead by Retail, is conveniently situated for the Purpose, and capable of and convenient for the Sale of Victuals, and the Accommodation of Travellers or Persons resorting thereto for Food and Provisions; and they shall also esquire whether the Sureties proposed by such Person be good and sufficient for the Sums they are to be bound in, and their Approbation of any such Person, and of the Sureties offered, and of the Place and House or Houses whereat such Person desires to be licensed, shall be immediately entered in open Court in The Crown Book thereof, by the acting Clerk of the Peace, and be signed by at lead Two Justices attending at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof 5 and it shall thereupon be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace and he is hereby required to give or cause to be given to the Person entitled thereto, a Certificate in the Form following s

I A.B. Clerk of the Peace of do certify that C. Z>. (or C.D. and £ F.) is (or are)

4* duly entitled to receive a Licence for selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail at in the Parish of

4 (or, if extra Parochial in the Townland of*) in this County, (County of a Town

4 or City or District of the Metropolis, as the case may be, ) until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and (mentioning the Year). Dated this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

4 A.B. Clerk of the Peace for .*

And in every Certificate which shall be given by a Clerk of the Peace within the District of the Metropolis of Dublint the following Words shall be added immediately before the Date thereof, videlicet, " and that the Lord Mayor and one or more of the Police Magistrates of the District or Division of (Jlating the DtfiriS 44 or Division to which such Magistrate or Magfirates shall belong), have certified that the said C. D* (or 44 C.D. and E» F, ) is (or are) a proper Person or Persons) so to be licenced and every such Clerk of the Peace shall for the issuing of such Certificate be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency as a Fee, before he shall sign or deliver such Certificate.

Certificate as to Dublin, pofi, c. 104. §4.]

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall apply for a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail under the Provisions of this Act, at any Sessions or Adjournment thereof, which shall be held at any Place more than Seven Miles distant from the Place of Abode of such Person, such Person shall produce and deliver to the Court a Certificate under the Hands of Two Magistrates both redding within Seven Miles of such Person so applying or residing nearest to the Place of Abode of such Person, dating that such Person is in the Opinion of the said Magistrates a fit and proper Person to be intruded with the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Certificate, and that such Place is a proper Place for the Sale of such Spirituous and other Liquors, or in Default thereof no Order shall be then made by the Justices for a Licence to the Person so applying.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall apply in manner hereinbefore directed for any Order for issuing a Licence as aforesaid, and the Justices assembled at the Sessions shall refuse to grant such Order, and the Person fb applying shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such Refusal, it shall and may "be lawful for every such Person to appeal to the next General Semons of the Peace, to be held in such City, Town or County in Ireland; and in case the Justices at such Sessions shall think such Person proper and qualified to be licensed, and shall approve of the Sureties to be named by such Person, it shall be lawful for them to order a Licence to be issued forthwith under the like Securities, Terms and Regulations respectively, as are hereinbefore directed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence shall be granted to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, on any Order or Certificate fraudulently obtained or procured from any Justices or Clerk of the Peace, or not made pursuant to the Directions of this Act, every such Licence shall be void, and the Person to whom such Licence fhaB have been granted shall be deemed a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cydei or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, without Licence, and shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons felling such Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead by Retail withoul Licence, are by this Act subject to.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall enter in The Crown Bool any Order contrary to or inconsistent with the Order of the Justices or any Provisions in this Act contained or shall issue any Certificate not authorized by the Provisions of this Act, he shall for every Order so entered

55 GEORGII III.

C. 19.

3 9

or Certificate io iffised, forfeit the Sam of One hundred Pounds; and every such Order and Certificate, and Penalty, any Licence granted upon or in pocfuance of such Order or Certificate, shall be, and is hereby respectively declinrd to be null and void.

XXXV. And be it farther enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall neglect to attend at any Sessions Clerk of Peace, M frfnch any Ad is to be done towards carrying any Part of this Act into Execution, unless prevented by noswtwwfinfii*jirfnds or fndden Accident, sufficient in the Opinion of the Court to justify his Absence, and verified onCa

Oath, or shall neglect to provide a proper and sufficient Person, in ease of such his necessary Absence therefrom, to ad there for him, and for whom he shall be answerable, it shall be lawful for the Justices, or for any Jnftiee attending, if there shall be only one, to fine such Clerk of the Peace for every such Neglect or Pine.

Onnsion in the Sum of Twenty Pounds Brith/b Currency, which Fine shall be immediately estreated into the t

Court of Exchequer in Ireland.^p

XXXVI. 'And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Clerk of the Peace to appoint One Clerk of

or move Deputy or Deputies to act for him in the Execution of this Act, each resident within the County of P«ce may ap- x

which be shall be Clerk of the Peace, and for whom such Clerk of the Peace shall be answerable; and the P°mtDePul7* t Ad of each and every such Deputy or Deputies shall be deemed the Act of the Clerk of the Peace by'whom , 5

Jfjortiwy is or are appointed, and shall subject such Clerk of the Peace to all Penalties and Disabilitie&for any Ad, Matter or Thing done or neglected to be done by such Clerk of the Peace; and every such Deputy shall be deemed the acting Clerk of the Peace in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Order made by the Justices of the Peace pur- entered fault to this Act for iflmng a Licence to retail Spirituous or other Liquors, the Person applying and the j?to (b; d PaJiei Sureties approved of for such Person shall enter into a Bond, the Person applying in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, Sureties before and the Sureties each in the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which Bond Collector.

shall be entered into before the Collector or other Officer or Person in charge of the Collection of the District

in which such Person shall require to be licensed; and the said Collector or other Officer or Person in charge -of the Collection it and are hereby respectively authorized and required to take such Bond, and the Condition Condition of of every such Bond shall be, that the Person to be licensed shall keep a Victualling House, Into or Tavern Bond.

during the time such Licence shall be in force, and shall be couftantly provided with Strong Beer, Ale or] Porter,

and Viduals of good and found Quality for Sale by Retail, and shall supply all Travelers who shall require

it, with such Viduals, and Beer, Ale or Porter at reasonable Rates, and shall not sell Spirituous Liquors on

or during a Sunday; nor Wine, Ale, Beer, Porter or Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead on a Sunday before

Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, except to Travellers or Inmates; nor any Liquors at urifeafon&ble Hours, .j

on any Day of the Week to any Person, Travellers always excepted; nor to any Tradesman or Labourer re*

foiling to such House for the Purpose of receiving Wages, or of entering into any Combination; and shall not

knowingly or wilfully entertain any Persons assembling for the Purpose of entering into an unlawful Affo-.

ciadon or Combination therein, or Persons in Arms who are not by Law qualified to carry the fame; and

that such Persons to be licensed respectively shall not at any time receive into his or her House, or permit or

fufier to be sold therein or thereout any Spirituous Liquors upon which, to the best of his or her Knowledge

nod Belief, His MajestVs full Duties have not been fully paid, and which shall not have been duly and legally

attended with proper Permits, to such Person for conveying the fame; and that all fufch Permits shall be

duly delivered or returned to the proper Officer, in order to obtain Certificates thereon 'pursuant to Law.'

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Distiller or Publican shall be allowed to become Distiller* or Pyjb.

Surety in any Bond to be taken on the issuing or granting any such Licence to retail Spirituous or other Ucan* not to h# .Liquors as aforesaid; and if any Publican or Distiller shall become Surety, or enter into any such Bond as Sujrctiet* Surety, the Licence granted in consequence thereof shall be void and of none Effied.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Distiller, Redifier or Compounder of WheineapHt Spirits, Bailiff, Gaoler, Turnkey, Constable, Sheriff, Sub Sheriff, Sheriffs Officer, Peace Officer, Keeper of any Turnpike Gate, Officer of Customs or Excise, nor any Person licensed to fell any Spirituous Liquors on r*Commission or otherwise in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons, nor any Person who shall not be a Victualler,

Innkeeper or Tavern Keeper (other than a Grocer, capable by Law of receiving such Licence), shall be capable of receiving or holding a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder or

Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, nor any Person who shall not previously take and subscribe the Oath Oath

of Allegiance, and likewise take and subscribe an Oath, that he is not a Member of or connededwith or

belonging to any Society or Meeting formed or appointed for any treasonable, seditious or unlawful

Purpose; and that he or she shall not at any time receive into his or ner House, or permit or suffer to be

fold in any House, Building, Outhouse, Tent, Field or other Place, for his or her Account or Profit, or

during the Continuance of his or her Licence, any Spirituous Liquors which shall not have been duly and

legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him or her, and that all such Permits shall be duly

returned or delivered to the proper Officer in order to obtain Certificates thereon pursuant to Law, and upon which Spirituous Liquors, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, the full Duties payable to His Majesty thereon had not been paid; and every Licence which shall be issued to airy Person declared by this Licenceinwhat

Act not to be capable of receiving the fame, or to any Person or Persons in Trust, or to the Ufc or Benefit cgC*

of such Person or Persons so declared incapable, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be void to all

lstcots and Purposes, and the Person whose Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed an unlicensed

Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and be subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as Retailers of

Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to; and every Person requiring any such Licence shall take Oifiw - 1

nod subscribe the Oath aforesaid, before the Collector or other Officer or Person in Charge of the Collection

'... -i ? #f ' .* 1

C.i9»

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Persont felting ha Quantities left than Twenty five Gallons deemed Retailers of Spirituous and other Liquors.

Assignees, Heirs and Executors of Licensed Re* toilers to have Benefit of licences, Ice.

ViduaHer, Ice. defined.

Prorifo for Apothecaries,

kc.

Quantities trinch Retailers authorised tOfeU under licences.

Persons not liceufed to distfl, &c. 90 Commission, selling Spirits in any Quantities.

Penalty. Persons in Places where Duty ill only, not being in Market Town may obtain licence to fell

of the District within which such Person shall require to he licensed, and such Perfoir shall Ward the fame with inch Collector or other Officer who Audi transrait the fame when required to the Commissionera of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland/' and if any such Licence shall be granted or issued to any Person without fmch Oath or Affidavit being so made and subscribed as aforesaid, nich Licence shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Person whose Licence shall so become nun and void, shall be deemed an nnlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be subject to such Penalties* Forfeitures and Disabilities, as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to.

Orders for Licences to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in Dublin, issued by Lord Mayor, and M One or more Police Magistrates, §40. [ Repealed, c. 104. j 3- pqft.l

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons who shall fell, by himself, or herself, or themselves, or by any Person employed by him, her or them, or acting for his, her or their Benefit, either within his, her or their House, Outhouse or Building, or within any Hut, Tent or other Place whatever, or to be consumed elsewhere. Spirituous Liquors in less Quantity at one time thorn Twenty five Gallons, mixed or unmixed with Water, Sugar or other Ingredients; or Beer, Ale or Porter, or Cyder or Perry, or MethegHft or Mead, in less Quantity than a Quarter of a Barrel; or Wine in less Quantity than One Gallon (Sellers of Bottled Porter, Beer, Ale, or of Bottled Cyder, Perry, Methegiin or Mead excepted, who shall fend the fame Abroad, and not fell any to be consumed in their own Houses), shall be deemed to be Retailers, and to sell the same by Retail within the Meaning of this Act, and if not duly licensed, shall be subject to all and Angular the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities enacted against Persons felHng the fame without Licence.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Methegiin or Mead in Ireland, shall assign the House or Place in which such Person shall have been licensed to fell such Liquors, to any Person, or shall die during the Continuance of the Licence granted to such Person, the Assignee of such Person assigning his Iaterest, or the Heir, Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or his or their Assignee, who shall become possessed of such House or Place, may lawfully sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Methegiin or Mead, therein, until the Expiration of the Term for which such Licence shall harve been granted; provided such Assignee of such Person so assigning, or such Heir, Executors or AdministratoTs, or his or their Assignee, shall have obtained the Certificate of the Two next resident Justices of the Peace* Or any Two Justices resident within Five Miles thereof, that he, she or they is or are a proper Person Or Persons to be licensed to fell such Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, and shall, together with Two sufficient Sureties approved of by such Justices, have executed such Bond, and shall have taken and subscribed f«oh Oath, as are hereinbefore respectively required to be executed, taken and subscribed, on granting a Licence tO fell such Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed a Victualler, Inn Keeper or Tavern Keeper, within the Meaning of this Act* who shall not furnish or fell Victuals to be consumed in the House of such Person.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to subject any Apothecary or Druggist to any Penalty for felling Cordial or Medicinal Waters in the way of his Business aft aa Apothecary or Druggist.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Methegiin or Mead, by Retail, the Duty whereon shall amount to the Sum of Twenty two Pounds or upwards, shall authorize the Person licensed thereby to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, not greater than Twenty five Gallons at any one time, and no more; and any Licence to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, the Duty whereon shall be Eleven Pounds only, shall authorize the Person licensed thereby to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, not exceeding Ten Gallons at any one time, and no more: Provided always, that if any such Person on whose Licence a Duty of Eleven Pounds shall be paid or payable, shall pay such additional Sum or Duty as shall make the whole Duty paid by such Person amount to Fifteen Pounds British Currency, such Person shall in such case be authorized to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty Gallons at any one time, and no more.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and (ixteeto, it shall not be lawful for any Person in Ireland (other than a licensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, or a Distiller who shall be licensed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content) to fell any Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity less than Twenty five Gallons, nor for any Person (other than a licensed Distitler) to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity exceeding Twenty five Gallons, and not exceeding Fifty Gallons* nor for any Person (other than a licensed Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, or a Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons) to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity greater than Fifty Gallons; and that if any Person not being so respectively fioenfed as aforesaid, shall fell any Spirituous Liquors in any such Quantities as aforesaid, every such Person respectively shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall and may be lawful for any Person in any Place in Ireland, where the Duty on a Licence to re tad Spirituous and other Liquors is Eleven Pounds only (such Place not being fit Rate within any Market Town, or within One Mile thereof), to have and obtain at his Desire a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, in such Place not being fitu&ted as aforesaid, on Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds only; provided that no such Person who mall be so licensed so such Place, on the

Payment

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII IIJ*

C19*

3*

Payment of file tea of Seven Pounds only, shall 00 any account be entitled to feR or deliver any such Liquors not exceeding in any Quantity exceeding One Gallon at any one time. 008 Gallon on

XLVIII. And be k hirther enacted, That k (kail not be lawful for any Person licensed to fefl Spirituous Z*7*?*1 or other Liquors by Retail, to teceive or have, during the Continuance of such Licence, any Licence to fell ^"^fedto Spirits on Coranufikm or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons; nor for any Person licensed to feii oq com-fell Spirits on Commission or Otherwise, in Quantities not lets than Fifty Gallons, to receive or have during mission, fcc. the Continuance of such Licence, any Licence to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ticensed to retail Spirituous Liquore, shall be How Spirit desirous to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, in any Licenowmay be

Hut, Tent or Booth* or in any Street, Road or open Place at any Fair, and shall apply for a Liberty or "^JJ*

Spirituou quart at Fairs;

iU-

Permission to do so to any Magistrate of the County or County of a Town or City resident within Five Miles j

of such Fair; it (halt be lawful for such Magistrate to endorse upon the Licence of such Person a Liberty or u£^U^lL PermifiBon so to do wkh the Consent of the Proprietor of the Tolls of such Fair, specifying the Day or Days of the Fair which such Person shall be permitted to fell at.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of His Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces, commanding or at Eneamp* any Encampment of Troops, shall recommend any Person licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors for the Sale of either Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, or all or any Troop<-of them at such Encampment, it shall be lawful for any two Magistrates within their Jurisdiction to endorse on the Licence of such Person so recommended, a Liberty or Permission to fell such Articles as aforesaid, specified in such Recommendation, at such Encampment for One Month, and to order the same to be renewed from Month to Month during the Continuance of such Encampment, and no longer.

LI. Provided, That no such Liberty or Permission so given on the Recommendation of the Commanding How such Officer of any Encampment (hah be of force after such Officer or any other Commanding Officer thereat Camp Licenser shall revoke the fame, and give Notice in Writing of such Revocation to either of the Two Justices who reTok*1* signed such Liberty or Permission, or to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection Of the District.

LII., And be it further enacted, That as often as any Officer of Excise shall have entered into any Ware-house, Shop, Cellar, Store or other Place belonging to any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, such officer on Dealer Or Retailer, or some Person employed on behalf of such Dealer or Retailer, shall on Demand of any Demand, such Officer shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer the full and entire Quantity of Spirituous Liquors in the Custody or Potdession of such Dealer or Retailer, and shall give or cause to be given to such Officer a Declaration that the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors so shewn is the full and entire Quantity of Spirituous Liquors in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Retailer; and if such Dealer or Retailer, or some Person on hit or her behalf shall not on Demand made by any such Officer forthwith shew or cause to be shewn such Quantity of Spirituous Liquors, or shall make any false or untrue Declaration of the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors then being in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Retailer, then and in every such of the refoeHive cases aforesaid, such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Penalty. Officer 01 Excise shall discover any Spirituous Liquors in the Custody or Possession of any such Dealer or Retailer which shall not have been duly shewn or declared, then all such Spirituous Liquors shall be forfeited and may be seized, and such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Gallon of the Penalty* Spintuous Liquors which shall be so discovered.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Dealer in or Retailer of Spirituous Liquors or Person in his or her Employment who shall shew the Spirituous Liquors of such Dealer or Retailer to any Officer of Excise* ^nfc2ks shall count all the Calks containing Spirituous Liquors and declare the Number thereof to Inch Officer, and in to officer, case such Dealer or Retailer, or other Person shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Dealer or Retailer shall, for Penalty, every such Offence, forfeit the sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any of the Casks which shall have been declared Calk* found to or represented to contain Spirituous Liquors, shall be found to be empty or to contain any other Liquor or "F

Thing, Cave only Spirituous Liquors, every such Calk and the Contents thereof shall be forfeited, and may be g*faxed, and such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit for every such Calk so found the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to fell in any manner Spirituous Liquors shall person* felling knowingly receive or have in his or her Custody or Possession, or fell or permit or suffer to be received or (old Spirits on which for his or bet Ufa or Benefit, Account or Profit, or in his or her House or Premises, any Spirits, the full Duties Duty not paid, chargeable whereon fhsdl not have been paid, or which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and any Licence be* Penalty, fore such time granted to such Person shall upon Conviction for such Offence become absolutely void and nuH; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to cause to be inserted Notice of Penal-ic the Dublin Gazette and in such Provincial Paper or Papers in Ireland as they shall think proper, Notice of t, csa vertl the Penalties infii&ed for such Offence by this Act, and also from time to time to cause to be inserted in such Gazette and Provincial Papers the Name and Names of all Parties whose Licences shall have become void m codequence of any futh Convt&ion; and if any Person so licensed shall fell any Spirituous or other Liquors Unlicensed after loch Licence shall have become void in manner aforesaid, such Person shall be liable to all such Penalties Person* felling, ttd Forfeitures as are by Law inflicted on Persons feiHng Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence 5 and o^robindi. upon the Trial of any Information for the said Penalty the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be convicted, unu*udeft dee Proof shall be made by such Defendant or Defendants that the full Duty on such Spirits has been duly pud, and Proof of the Nonpayment of such Duty shall not lie on the Officer or Person prosecutingfuch

hdomatkau

C.i9*

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181$.

Distillera or Dealers in Spirits felling Spirts to unli-

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or other Dealer in Spirits, Or any Brewer of Beer* Ale or Porter, shall knowingly fell any Spirits, Beer, Ale or Porter, to an unlicensed Retailer, or to any Per-i u> uou- ^on ^or the Use of an unlicensed Retailer; or if any Person whatever in Ireland shall knowingly buy or receive* rorfeU ReuOers. or permit or Suffer to be bought or received for his, her or their Use, any Spirits in any Quantity whatever* the full Duties chargeable whereon shall not have been paid, or any Spirits in any Quantity exceeding One Gallon which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him, her or them, every such Distiller or Dealer in Spirits or Brewer, or other Person aforesaid, shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Use of the Informer or Person Suing for the same.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Igwful for any Justice of the Peace and for any Chief or HighConstable, and for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and for any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs or

[Penalty.]

lattices of Peace, See. may enter House* and require to

retailing, and feixe Liquors, Ice.

fee Licences for Excise respectively, and every such Justice, Chief or High Constable, and every such Commissioner and Officer, is and are hereby authorized and required from time to time and at all times in the Day Time to enter into and upon any House, Shop, Store Room or other Building, or any Booth or Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place, in which or where any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, shall be sold by: Retail or on or before which shall be affixed any Board importing that Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, or any of them are fold, and there to demand a View of the Licence for such Sale, and if the Occupier of such House, Shop, Store Room, Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place, shall not on Demand produce a Licence in force for the Sale by Retail of such Spirituous or other Liquors* all Spirituous and other Liquors which shall be found in or at such House, Shop, Store Room, Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place, and all Vessels containing the fame, and all Vessels used for measuring or drinking the fame, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and maybe seized by such Justice of the Peace* Chief or High Constable, Commissioner or Officer respectively; and the Occupier of such House, Shop, Store Room, Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place, shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and mail be liable to all Penalties to which Persons are subject under this Act, for retailing Spiri-tuous or other Liquors without Licence.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Magistrate, Justice of the Peace or other Peace Officer or any Officer of the Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland, to seize and take away, or to destroy, or cauie to be seized, taken away or destroyed, all such Spirituous Liquors which shall be hawked about or exposed to sale in any Street, Pathway, Road, Field, or in any Booth, Tent, Stall, Shed or Bulk, or by any Person not licensed to sell the same in such Place, and the Vessels containing the fame, and all Vessels and Utensil8 used for measuring or drinking the fame, found therewith, and it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, for the City or Place in Ireland wherein such Offence shall be committed, on his or their own View, or on Confession of the Party, or by Proof of such Offence by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses to convict any Person so offending, and to order him, her or them to be put in the Stocks for the Space of One Hour, and the Justice or Justices by whom such Person shall have been fq convicted, shall by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to Gaol, there to remain for any time not exceeding One Calendar Month from the Day of such Commitment.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland shall fell any Spirituous Liquors by Retail* on Sunda s or ^>etweetl the Hours of Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night and Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night, nor

Beer?lcc.ybefore^by Retail any Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead on a Sunday before

Two o'clock on Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, except to Inmates or Travellers; and if any Spirituous or other Liquors Sundays, &c. shall be sold on a Sunday contrary to this Act, every Person felling the fame, or on whose behalf such Spiri-Penalty. tuous or other Liquors shall be sold, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds,

to be paid One Moiety to the Use of the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

LIX. And, for preventing drinking at unseasonable Hours, and the harbouring of suspected Persons in Magistrate*, Ire. Houses where Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, be it further enacted, That it mall be lawful for Pwions^dnkin anf Magistrate, Chief or High Constable, to enter any House or Place, and to remove all Persons drinking 8 M g therein, not being Travellers, between the Hours of Twelve of the Clock at Night and Five of the Clock in the Morning, on any Day of the Week, or drinking Spirituous Liquors therein at any Hour whatever on a, Sunday, or drinking any Liauor whatever therein, before the Hour of Two in the Afternoon on a Sunday (not being Inmates or Travellers); and if any Person selling Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail shall not on Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwise admit such Magistrate, Chief or High Constable into such House, or, after Admittance, shall obstruct any of them in removing Persons drinking therein as aforesaid* such Person upon Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate upon Oath or upon View thereof by such Magistrate, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds British Currency, to be paid to the Informer or Prosecutor, and in Default of Payment thereof, the Person so offending shall be committed to Gaol until such Fine shall be paid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Parishioners of the several Parishes in Ireland, at Vestry assembled, Twice in every Year, or oftener if necessary, to appoint such Number of Persons as to them shall seem meet, to be Overseers of Persons and Houses licensed for Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors within every such Parish respectively, and every Overseer so appointed shall have like Powers and Authorities for entering such Houses or other Premises of such Person as any Constable or other Peace Officer Power* as Peace hath or may have by virtue of this Att, and every Person not admitting any such Overseer, shall be subject

[Penalty.]

Who deemed unlicensed Retailer*.

Magistrate*, Ice. may feixe, See. Spirit* hxwked or (bid by unli-eenfed Persons.

Stocks.

Imprisonment.

Selling Spirituous Liquors

after certain Hour.

Selling Spirituous Liquors, and not admitting Magistrates; &c.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment. Parishioner* may appoint Overseer of Public Houses, and Overseer* to have fame

Officers.

IO

t*»

A.D. 18t5*

5i* GEORGII III.

C.

19.

to the like Taottic* as Perform sot admitting any Magistrate or High Conduce are fuWeA to by thro A A; and in case any Overseers shall find any Persons, not being Travellers, drinking therein between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Five in the Morning, on any Day of the Week except Sunday, or drinking Spirituous Liquors therein at anytime whatever on a Sunday, or drinking any Liquor, whatever therein at any time before the Hour of Two in the Afternoon on a Sunday (not being Inmates or Travellers!, any such Overseer may proceed to remove such Persons in such manner as any Magistrate, Constable or other Peace Officer is by this Act empowered so to do; and every such Overseer shall certify under his Hand and Seal to a Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction within the Place in which such House shall be situate, that Persons were drinking u such House contrary to the Provisions aforesaid, or any of them, and thereupon such Justice shall summon die Party or Parties accused, and unless the Party or Parties fmnmoned shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace, that the Parties found therein were Inmates of the House where they were so found, or Travellers, and as such not prohibited as herein provided from drinking in such House or Place* where they were so found, such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence to subject the Person or Persons licensed for the Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors, to a Penalty of Forty Shillings British Currency for the First Ofea, and for the Second Offence to a Penalty of Five Pounds Brtttfb Currency; and in Default of I^yment of such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace may issue his Warrant for the Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person or Persons on whom such Penalties shall be imposed; provided, that no Person dealing ia Spirituous Liquors shall vote at any such Vestry, nor be appointed an Overseer.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Justice of the Peace or Chief or High Constable, or «y Officer appointed by or aAing under the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively, shall find any Person nking in any House, Shop, Storehouse or other Building, dr any Booth or Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or I in which or where any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Potter, Cyder, Perry, Metheghn r Mead shall be sold by Retail, and the Licence fot such Sale shall not upon Demand be produced to f Justice of the Peace, Constable or Officer; according to Law, it shall and may be lawful for. such Justict of the Peace, Constable or Officer to apprehend all such Persons so found drinking there; and every such renon so found drinking, shall, upon the View of such Justice, or upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace, be subject and liable to a Fine or Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and not lets than Five Shillings, in the iHfcretien of such Justice, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where such Conviction (hah be had; and if such* Conviction shall be bad upon the View of the Justice, then the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Churchwardens for the Poor of such Parish; and in case such Penalty shall not be paid by the Offender immediately upon Cqoygjbtfr such Offender shall be committed to Gaol by such Justice for any time not exceeding One Cifcwlfaatfc, in the Discretion of such Justice.

LXII. And be it further etikcted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person licensed for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Porter, Cyder or Perry, Methegliti or Mead, shall be a Second time convicted of entertaining Persons in his or her House not being Inmates of such House, or Travellers, at unseasonable Hours, shall certify under his Hand and Seal to the said Commissioners of Excise, that such Person has so been a Second time convicted, and upon the Rebeipt of such Certificate, the said Commissioners shall cause tfe Bond entered into by such Person so licensed to be put in Suit, and such Certificate (bah, if produced on any Trial relative to such Bond, be conclusive Evidence of the Breach of the Condition of such Bond.

LXIII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person shall buy or obtain for any Consideration given or to be given, any Spirituous Liquors in any less Quantity than Twenty five Gallons in any House in 7hr-Ismd, not having affixed thereon such Board so painted, and in such manner as is prescribed by this Act, or if any Person shall buy or obtain for any Consideration given or to be given, any Beer or Ale, in less Quantity than One Quarter of a Barrel in any House not having affixed thereon such Board so painted and in such manner as by thifc A A directed (unless such House be the House of a Seller of Bottled Beer, Ale or Pbrter, or of Bottled Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, who shall fend the fame abroad, and shall not fell any to be confirmed in his or her House), every such Person shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate, Upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or by his own Confession, or am the View of such Magistrate, forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds British Currency; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, shall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for One Calendar Month, or until the said Penalty fan be part

LXIV. be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall agree to pay, or shall pay any Journeyman, Workman, Servant or Labourer, or other Person employed by or working under him or her, or under his or her Direction, so much Money for Wages, or any Part thereof, which mall be ordinarily and rfinfly paid for the Work which such Journeyman, Servant, Labourer or other Person shall be employed

or fan agree to pay or shall pay such Wages partly in Money and partly in or by Spirituous Liquors, or fan set off, flop or deduct all or any Part of the Wages or Hire due to any Journeyman, Workman, Servant or Labourer, for any Spirituous Liquors delivered or sold to or drank by him or her, every such Berta fb offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate or Jrifice of the Peace, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings Brittjfb Currency, and every Person giving or procuring Credit to be given for Spirituous Liquors fold or drank as afdre&id, shall forfeit the Sum of rive Founds British Currency.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland employing Journeymen, Workmen, Ser-wnts or Labourers, shall by himself or herself, or by any other Person, pay any Journeyman, Workman/ Servant or Labourer, employed by him or her, the Whole or any Part of the Wages due to such Journey-55 Geo. III. F mao.

3$

[Penalty.]

Persons not travellers-<3 rrrfk-

ing, Proceedings.

First Offence. Second Offence.

[Proviso.]

Persons drinking in unlicensed Houses apprehended and fined if Licence not produced. t

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Magistrates to certify Persons twice conv'cted to Commissioners of Excise.

Buying left than Twenty five Oallons of Spirit* or Beer left than Quar* ter of Barrel iu any House not having a Board.

[Penalty.]

ilgreeing to pay Servants or Workmen partly in Money and partly in Spirits.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Paying Servants or Workmenia Public House*

Paulty.

DistiDefs or Dealers in Spirits not to recover from unlicensed Retailers.

Taking, &c. Pawns, Ice. as Security for Spirits.

[Penalty.]

Money for Liquors sold to or by unlicensed Person* not recoverable.

Commissioners of Excise or Magistrates may.annul Licences to Spirit Retailers.

Penalties.

Bond of Parties licensed to fell Spirits in Quantities not left than Fifty Gallons,

C. 19.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Prcof of Surely being Householder.

Brewing Strong Beer, &c. without Licences. Penalty.

man, Workman, Servant or Labourer, in or at any House in which any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Bee Ale, Porter or Cyder, or Perry, Metheglin or Mead shall be sold by Retail, and every Person so offem ing shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate or Justice of the Pea< forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency, and all Payments of all Wages made in manner aforesaid flu be null and void.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Diffiller or Dealer in Spirits or any other Person shall entitled to maintain any Cause, Action or (Suit, to recover either in Law or Equity any Sum of Money < Demand for or on Account of any Spirituous or other Liquors sold to any Person selling Spirituous or otb Liquors by Retail without Licence in Ireland; and in case such Diffiller or Dealer in Spirits or other Perfc shall fell any Spirituous or other Liquors to such unlicensed Retailer knowing him to be such, such unlicenfc Retailer may recover back all such Money as he shall have paid for any such Spirituous or other Liquors: sold by Civil Bill or otherwise from such Diffiller or Dealer, or other Person.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, [That no Person shall be entitled unto or shall maintain any Cauf Action or Suit for or recover either in Law or Equity, any Sum of Money or Demand for or on account < any Spirituous Liquors fold in Ireland in any Quantity less than One Pint at any one time, nor for or c account of any particular Item or Article in any Account or Demand for Spirituous. Liquors so fold, whei the Quantity shall be less than One Pint; ] and in case any Person shall take or receive any Pawn or Pledj from any Person by way of Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money owing by such Perfc for Spirituous Liquors, every such Person so offending and being convicted thereof before any Magistrai or Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings British Currency for every Pawn or Pled^ so taken in or received by him or them, and the Person or Persons to whom any such Pawn or Pledg shall belong, shall have the fame remedy for recovering such Pawn or Pledge, or the Value thereof, as if had not been given as a Pledge. [ Words in Brackets repealed, post. r. 104. §14. fee §15. of that A3^2

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall have any remedy for or recover any Sum < Money on account of any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin«Mead, fold knowingly to an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous or other Liquors in Ireland, nor shall ar, such unlicensed Retailer have any remedy for or recover from any Person any Sum of Money on account < any Spirituous or other Liquors sold by such unlicensed Retailer; and all Contracts, Bills, Promiffoi Notes, Bonds or other Writings, given as a Security for the Payment of Debts contracted for ar Spirituous or other Liquors so sold to or by an unlicensed Retailer, shall be and are hereby declared to 1 null and void*

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inlar Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, or for the Justices of the Peace assembled at ar Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, or the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin, within his Jurisdictio or any Two or more of the Police Magistrates of the District or Division in which such Person shall reftd to annul any Licence granted to any Person or Persons for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Irelana and if any Person whose Licence shall be so annulled, on whom a Notice shall have been served, of the (an being annulled, signed by such Commissioners, or any Three of them, or by the Justices of the Peace assemble at any Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, or by the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin, within h Jurisdiction, or by such Police Magistrates as aforesaid, shall retail any such Spirituous or other Liquor every such Person shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons selling Spirituous or other Liquors withoi having obtained a Licence for that Purpose are liable to under this Act. [/» part repealed, post. c. 10.

5* Set §7* of that Act*2

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person to fell any Spirituoi Lie iuors in any Quantities whatever, not less than Fifty Gallons, unless the Person applying for the fan shall have entered into Security by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Fi' hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds each, whi< Sureties respectively shall be approved of by the Person granting such Licence, and which Bond the Perfc granting such Licence is hereby empowered to take for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successoi conditioned that the Party so to be licensed, shall not fell or deliver out any Spirituous Liquors in ai Quantity at one time less than Fifty Gallons 5 and that such Person so to be licensed shall not fell ar

a ion to be used or consumed in his or her House or Premises; and that such Person so to be license not knowingly receive or fell, or permit or suffer to be received or sold for his or her Use or Benefi Account or Profit, any Spirits the full Duties chargeable whereon have not been paid, or which shall n< have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him or her; and that such Perfc so to be licensed shall not nor will knowingly fell or deliver any Spirits to any Person selling Spirits by Reta unless such Person shall be duly licensed thereto: Provided always, that no Person shall be received a Surety in any such Bond, unless he shall prove upon Oath to the Satisfaction of the Person grantir such Licence, that he is an Householder, and worth the Sum in which he shall be Surety, above all 1; just Debts.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Smi Beer for Sale, without having taken out such Licence as by this Act is directed, or without having a Licen for that Purpose in force, every such Person or Persons besides forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds, (hi forfeit all Coppers, Vessels, Utensils and Materials for Brewing, and all Porter or Strong Beer, or Ale 1 Small Beer found in the Possession of such Person, which accordingly shall and may be seized by ai Officer of Excise.

14 LXXII. Ai

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 19.

J5

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be given to any Person to blew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale* or Small Beer for Sale, unless such Person shall have first entered into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, to be approved of by the Person issuing such Licence, conditioned that such Brewer shall not use any raw or unmalted Corn, nor any Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Ptradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or any other Ingredient whatsoever, which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality in Brewing any Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer, and shall not let out to hire, or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil for brewing, for the Purpose of brewing Beer, Porter or Ale, or suffer any Person to use the Brewhouse of such Person, or any brewing Pan or other Utensil for brewing therein.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale or Small Beer for Sale, shall let out to hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil for brewing, for the Purpose of brewing Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale or Small Beer, or shall suffer any Person to use nis or her Brewhouse, or any Brewing Pan or other Utensil for brewing therein, every such Person so letting out to hhe, or lending or suffering to be used, any such Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil, and the Person to whom the same shall be let out to hire or lent, or by whom the same shall be used, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and every Brewing Pan or other Utensil which shall be so let, lent or used shall be forfeited and may be seized; and it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so letting out to hire, or fending or suffering to be used any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil, or for the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be let out to hire or lent, or who shall make use of the fame, as the case may be, if summooed as a Witness on the Part of the Informer (or if the Person or Persons so letting out to hire or lending such Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil, or the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so let out to hire or lent, or by whom the Came shall be used, shall be the Informer or Informers), to give Evidence upon the Trial of any Suit upon any such Bond, or any Information for any such Penalty or Forfeiture; and in case of Judgment upon any such Bond, or Conviction upon such Information, the Person or Persons so giving Eridenee shall be discharged of and from the Penalties by him or her incurred.

LXXIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to authorize any such licensed Brewer to let out to hire or lend his, her or their Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensils for brewing to any other Person being duly licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, and to suffer the same to be used by such Person 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Brewer so letting to hire, or lending or suffering to be used his, her or their Brew-house. Brewing Pan or Utensils for brewing, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, fhaO not for so doing be deemed guilty of a Breach of the Condition of his, her or their Bond, nor shall either of the Parties be liable to the aforesaid Penalty of Ten Pounds.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Collectors of Excise, or other Persons, who shall take any Bond by Law required to be entered into, to receive for the Use of His Majesty the Amount of the Stamp Duty on such Bond, if such Collector or other Person shall have supplied the damped Paper for such Bond, and the Party entering into such Bond is hereby required and directed to pay the Amount of such Stamp Duty to such Collector or other Person.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be given to any Person as a Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, or other trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, travelling either on Foot or with a Horse or other Beast of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell, or exposing to sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or to any travelling Tinker, or Caller of Iron and Metal, or to any Person hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale, unless such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman shall at the time of applying for such Licence, declare to the Person, to whom such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman shall apply, his or her Name or Names, Age, and Place and Places of Abode, and also how and in what manner such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman intends to hawk, travel and trade, whether on Foot, or with One Horse, or how many Horses or other Beast or Bealls of Burthen, and whether with One or more and how many Servant or Servants, or Person or Persons employed in carrying the Goods of such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, and if any such Declaration or any Part thereof mall be false or untrue, the Party making the same shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Person granting such Licence is hereby required to insert in such Licence, or to iadorfe tbmon, the Age, Place or Places of Abode, and particular Description of such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, to whom and the Date when such Licence shall be granted, and no such Licence shall be valid or be deemed a Licence within the meaning of this Act, unless such Indorsement thereon, or Entry therein fall be respectively made in manner aforesaid, or if any such Indorsement or Entry shall be made in consequence of any such false or untrue Declaration as aforesaid.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize in respect whereof, or of asy of them, any Person or Persons is or are required to take out a Licence which shall be carrying or carried about for Safe, or sold or exposed to sale by any Person who shall not have a Licence, or who mall not on Demand of any Justice of the Peace or any Officer of Excise, produce a Licence in Force shall be forfeited and may be seized by any such Justice or Officer; and if any Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, or other Person shall not on Demand of any Peace Officer, or Officer of Excise, produce or shew immediately unto Inch Officer demanding the fame, his or her Licence or Licences for trading in Force, every such Hawker, Fedbr, Petty Chapman or other Person being thereof duly convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty ShiZZbgs, to be levied by Difbefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of an j


Bond entered into by Brewers.

Condition of Bond.

Lending, && Brewhouse, fee. or Utensils.

[Penalty.]

Evidence.

Licensed Brew, ers may lend ts each other, with Consent of Commissioners of Excise.

Collators t# receive Amount of Stamp Duties on Bomb.

Hawkers and Pedlars previous to being licensed to give Notice of Business to Person empowered to licence, who thall keep Account thereof.

[Penalty.]

Goods carried or told by Hawkers without Licence forfeited; Hawker not producing Licence*

[Penalty.]

3«

Imprisonment.

Proviso for Person* (except Tinker*, &c.) felling Articles their own Ma-nufacture, and for Tinkers, &c. travelling to exercise Trades, and Persons felling Wool or Woollen Flax or Linen Goods.

Onus probandi.

Act. not to prejudice Corporations, Jtc.

Selling elsewhere than within own House deemed Hawkers.

Hawkers and Pedlars to pay further Duty for each Perioti or Horse employed.

Licences what to contain.

Hawkers lending Licence.

[Penalty.]

Penalties not exceeding 20l. how recovered.

0.19. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

such Justice of the Peace, and the same to be paid to the Informer, and for Nonpayment thereof, such Offendei shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correftiou for any time not exceeding Three Weeks, noi left than Ten Days.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit any Person or Persons (other than and except travelling Tinkers, Cafters of Iron and Metal) from carrying abroad, exposing to Sale and felling any Goods or Wares made or manufactured by him or her, or his or hei Hu (band, or Wife, or Child, or Apprentice or Apprentices, Journeyman or Journeymen, Matter or Mistress; at any Public Fair, Market, or elsewhere; nor to prevent any Cooper, Glazier, Plumber, Tinker or Harnett Maker, from going about in order to exercise their proper Trades, or from carrying with him or them propei Materials for exercising the fame; nor to prohibit any Person or Persons from carrying about manufactured or unmanufactured Wool, Woollen or Worsted Goods, or from exposing the same to Sale in any Fair, Market, or other Place; nor to prohibit or restrain any Person or Persons from felling or exposing to Sale in any Place or Places whatsoever, any Flax, Tow, Hemp, Flaxen Yam or Thread, or any Manufacture or Article made in Ireland of Flax or of Cotton, or of both, or either mixed or unmixed, so as such Person or Persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to Sale any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, other than such ae they are hereby allowed to carry and expose to Sale respectively.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any Goods, Wares or Mer chandize, seized by virtue of this Act, are of the Growth or Manufacture of Ireland, the Proof that they were of such Growth or Manufacture shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, and not on the Officer who shall seize the same.

LXXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend, to give any Power for licensing any Hawker, or Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, tc sell or expose to Sale any Wares or Merchandize in any City, Borough, Town Corporate or Market Town in Ireland, otherwise than such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman might have done before the passing of this Act 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall convey Goods, Wares or Merchandize in respect whereof Hawkers, Pedlars or Petty Chapmen would under the Provisions oi this Act require to be licensed, and shall fell and expose the fame in Shops, Rooms, Warehouses or othei Places in Cities, Towns and Places where they are not usually resident, and all and every Person and Personi who shall carry and convey such Goods, WareB or Merchandize, to Public Streets and Places in the Cities, Towns Corporate and other Places in Ireland\ where they respectively reside, not adjoining to their Dwelling Houses or other Apartments, and shall fell and expose the same to Sale, upon Stalls, Stands, Shedsi Booths. Bulks or other Places, and also Persons under the Denomination of Leather Sellers or Leather Cutters, whe hawk about from Town to Town, or sell or expose in Cities or Towns Corporate, and in Fairs, Markets oi other. Places, any Parcel or Parcels of Leather in Booths, Stalls, Standings or otherwise, and all and every Person and Persons who shall in any Place in Ireland, except in the City of Dublin or within Five Miles thereof, hawk about old Cloaths, or sell or expose to Sale old Cloaths, in any Stall, Shed, Booth, Shop 01 other Place, shall be deemed Hawkers, Pedlars or Petty Chapmen, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures by Law enacted or to be enacted respecting Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, who shall employ any other Person (not being his Wife) in Company with such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, to carry any Boxes, Bundles, or Parcels of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall, on applying for a Licence, pay the further Duty by this Act granted for and in respect of every such Person; and every Hawker, Pedlar 01 Petty Chapman who shall use any Horse or other Beatt or Beasts of Burthen, shall also, on applyiag for a Licence, pay the further Duty by this Act granted, for or in respect of each such Horse or other Beatt oi Burthen; and in every such Licence respectively shall be mentioned and set forth the Number of Persons. Horses or other Beasts of Burthen, which such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman shall so employ or use, a< the case maty be; and every Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, who shall so employ or use any greatei Number of Persons or Horses, or other Beasts of Burthen, than the Number which shall be so mentioned anc set forth in such Licence, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Aj6 inflicted upon Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, trading without Licence.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, 01 other trading Person shall be lent to any Person, or be used by any Person, other than the Person to whom tht fame shall be granted, such Licence from thenceforth shall be void and of no effect, and all Goods, Wares an< Merchandize, found in the Possession of the Person using the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized b} any Justice of the Peace or any Officer of Excise.

LXXXIV. And be it furtl ier enacted, That whenever any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds British Currency shall be incurred under the Provisions of this Act, it shall and maybe lawfu for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland within his Jurisdiction to hear and determine any Information or Complaint for the Recovery of any such Penalty, and also to hear and determine any Complaint or Information so Recovery of any Penalty against any Person for having fold any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter Cyder or Perry, Metheghn or Mead, by Retail, without Licence, or for dealingin, retailing, making, manu fasturing or keeping for Sale or exposing to Sale any of the respective Articles or Things in this Act mentioned or for carrying on any Business, Trade, Occupation or CaRing for which a Licence is by this Act required without having taken out such Licence respectively, and having the fame in force, and in every such respectiv< case and cases, to convict the Party offending on his or her own Confession, or on the Oath of any On<

15 credibl

A.D. 1815. 55° CJEOXGI1 ItC. C. 19. 37

credible Witness; and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint or Information made in that behalf within Three Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and alls the Witness or Witnesses on either Side; and if upon the Confession of the Party accused, or Ex-amkatran of any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, irich Party shall be convicted of the Offence alleged, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to award and issue out a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case the same shall npt be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any) after Payment of the Penalty, and after dedacting the Expence of such Sale, and for Want of sufficient Distress, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to commit such Offender to Gaol until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid; and Imprisonment. if any Person mall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the said Justice, then such Person shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County Appeal... which shall oe held after Fourteen clear Days from the Day when such Conviction shall have been made in the District in which such Offence shall have been committed if such County shall be divided into Districts, or if not so divided, then at the General Sessions of the County, or County of a Town or City, which shall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing Notice.

(kail be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days previous to the First Day of such Quarter Sessions respets

tively; and such Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to

hear and determine the Complaint or Appeal; and in case the Conviction of the Party shall be affirmed, such

Justices shall issue Warrants for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, and also for levying on the Goods

of the Appellants such Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall appoint for the Costs of such Appeal, to be paid to the Informer; and where any such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed Penalties ex-

the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the fame may be sued for and recovered by any Person who shall sue for the fee<iing ao*'

fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, or by Civil Bill, in any of the Courts of Record in bow recovere

DmbTm, or at the Quarter Sessions of the Justices of the Peace, or at the Assizes, in any County, or County of a Town or City, in Ireland\ and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any such Penalty shall be recovered, to order the Offender to be committed to Gaol in case of Nonpayment thereof, there to remain Imprisonment.

aril such Fine or Forfeiture be fully paid and satisfied.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace oj: J^monWi* other Magistrate to summon any Person to appear before him to give Evidence for any Offence under this nesses> ^ho not Act; and if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness for the Purpose aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse appearing, or rt-to appear to such Summons, or, appearing, shall refuse to give his or her Testimony, every such Person shall, fusing to give for every such Negied or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Ten rounds Brht/b Currency, and in case of Nonpay- Evidence, curat thereof, such Justice or Magistrate shall issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal to levy such Sum by Pent ty* Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, and for want of Effects sufficient to answer such Sam, full issue a like Warrant to commit to the House of Correction or County Gaol the Person so offend- ImPnfocmeilL kg, there to remain until Payment of the said Sum or Penalty.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace within administcrOathf his Jurisdiction to administer any Oath or Oaths prescribed or required by this Act.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the reace in Ireland shall certify to the Justice* to cer. Clark of the Peace, by fending the Record of the Conviction, that Proof has been made before him that any tif7 to Clerk of Coodkion in any of the Bonds hereinbefore required, to be entered into by any Person licensed to fell Spin- Q^dhion^of toons Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, has been violated, specifying 'violated, such Condition and the Violation thereof; such Clerk of the Peace shall thereupon transmit such Certificate, together with a Copy of the Conviction, and the Bond of the Person offending to the Commissioners of Ishid Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and the said Commissioners shall forthwith put or cause such Bond to be put in Suit.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in Ireland who Magistrate*

shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry this Act into Execution upon a proper Application made to neglecting to eo-him, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds British Currency, for every such Negfeft or Refusal, to be force Provision* recovered by A&fon of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland, by the Person pe^jt\ who finfi nave made such Application, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than en Otoe Imparlance shall be allowed, the Money recovered by such Action to be applied to the Use of the Prrfoo bring for the same.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alleged to be made by any Justice or Proceeding* not before any Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alleged by

to be given or made by any such Justice or Justices under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ crtlorir, c of Certiorari, out of the County, Cky, Town or Place, wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made into any Court whatsoever, and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any Conviction, Order or Sentence made or given in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution ana other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XC. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Acts Appeal by unll- aa enlicensed Retailer of Spirituous or other Liquors, no Appeal to be brought by any such Person shall censed Spirit hay or prevent the Execution of any Warrant or Process for the dist raining of any Goods or Chattels in the Pet^ler n°.tt0 Uie, Custody or Possession of such Person, or for the Committal of such Person, unless and until such Person uJef/security AtV with Two sufficient Sureties have entered into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a penal given to abide7

Sum Event of Appeal.

38

Informers, See.

ompetent

Witiieflet.

Application of Penalties of or under I cl. imposed by Justices of Peace.

Commissioner* of Excise may abate Fines imposed by Magistrates subject to Approbation of Treasury.

Perjury.

Subornation of Perjury.

Penalties to be paid in British Currency, and King's Share paid over by Just ice to Collector of Ezcife.

Penslty.

Justices of Counties may ati in Counties of Cities save Dublin) on Offences for selling Spirituous Liquors without Licence. Umitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Form of Conviction.

C. 19. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Sum equal to double the Amount of the Fine or Penalty so incurred, conditioned to pay the said Penalty f« imposed in case the Judgment of Conviction for the same shall be wholly affirmed, with all Colts attending such Appeal; and if only affirmed in Part, then conditioned to par so much of the said Penalty and Colts as aforesaid, as such Person shall, on such Appeal, be adjudged to nave forfeited, which Bond mall be enterec into before the Clerk of the Peace, if the Conviction shall be had before a Justice of Peace 5 and if such Conviction shall be had before the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or their Sub Commissioners, thei such Bond shall be entered into before the Collector of Excise or other Officer in charge of the District ir which such Conviction shall be had, and the Person tendering any such Appeal shall lodge the Certificate o such Collector or other Officer of having taken such Bond with the Register of the Commissioners of Appeal before such Appeal shall be received, in case the Conviction shall be had before the said Commissioners of Ex cife, or their Sub Commissioners, and which Certificate every such Collector or other Officer before whon such Bond shall be entered into, is hereby authorized and required to give without Fee or Reward.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon any Information, Action, Suit or Prosecution, for the Recover of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act, and on any Trial or Proceeding on such Information Action, Suit or Prosecution, the Informer or Prosecutor shall in all cases be a competent Witness.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That every Fine or Penalty of or under Ten Pounds, which shall b imposed under the Authority of any Justice of the Peace under this Act, shall be applied, deducting the Expences of levying the fame, as to One Half thereof, to the Informer, and as to the other Half, to the Church wardens of the Parish wherein the Offence for which such Fine or Penalty shall be imposed shall have beei committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excif and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to abate, reduce or mitigate any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of any Justice of the Peace under this Act 5 am thing in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, that every such Abatement, Reduction an< Mitigation shall be under and fuDjed to all such Rules and Regulations as, by any Act or Acts now or here after to be in force in Ireland, any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, incurred for any Offence against any Ad o Acts relating to the Revenue of Excise, shall or may be abated, reduced or mitigated.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmatio by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, any fuc Person being duly convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful o corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corrupt! procure or luborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, an such Person being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning shall, for every Offence, incur and fusse such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures which shall b incurred under this Act, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British Currency, and tha such Part, Share and Proportion as shall be payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any Fine o Penalty which shall be incurred under this Act, and which shall be imposed by any Justice of the Peace i Ireland, shall, within One Calendar Month next after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by th Justice of the Peace or other Person by whom the same shall have been so levied or received, to the Colliedo of Excise of the Diffrid in which the Offence was committed; and if any such Justice of the Peace o other Person shall neglect or omit so to pay over the fame, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay Sum equal to double the Sum which shall be so omitted to be paid over.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace for any County in Ireland adjoining t or within which any County of a City is situated, shall be empowered, and they are hereby authorized an enabled to ad in such County of a City save and except the City and County of the City of Dublin) as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if they were Magistrates within such County of a City, so for onl as shall relate to conviding and levying the Penalties infiided by this Act on all Persons who shall fell Spi rituous or other Liquors without Licence in Ireland, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Suit shall be brought or commence against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of o in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months next after th alleged Cause of Action shall accrue, and shall be laid in the proper County where such alleged Cause c Action shall have arisen or begun; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the Genen Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that th fame was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for th Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them upon Demurrer or othei wife) then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against fuc Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall t convicted of any Offence under this Act shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in Manner and Fori following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect mutatis mutandis; which Conviction shall t good and effectual to all Intents and Purposeg) without setting forth the Evidence or dating the case, in an more particular manner*that is to say,

B

i9

gE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. of in the County of [or, County of the City or Town of m$ the case

t may ie], was confided before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Countj«of [or, County of a City ] for that the said A.B. on the Day of now last

pad, at in the hud County of did, [hereJiate the Offence], contrary to the Statute in that

case made and provided; and I do therefore adjudge the said A. #. to have forfeited the Sum of«Brittfk Currency. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of:

Which Conviction such Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Parchment, and returned within Ten Cond&ioo r§-Dap from the Day of such Conviction to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or *2*10^County of a Town [at the case may be], or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and eAct* to remain and be kept among the Records of the same County or Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect Penalty, or omit so to do, he shall, for every such Neglect or Omission, forfeit Ten Pounds.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant to be issued by such Justice of the Peace for levy- Form of Waring any Penalty under any such Conviction from the Goods of such Offender, shall be in the Form following, "ntlevy*"l or in tome other Form of Words to that or the like Effect; which Form shall be good and valid to all In- Pen tlCf'tents and Purposes; that is to say,

County of to wit.

To M. and AT. and each of them, and their and each of their Assistants.

WHEREAS on the Day of now last past, E. F. of was duly convicted be-

fore me C. Z). One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of, for that

be, [or, fbe, 1 on the Day of then last past, at in the said County of or,

County of the City or Town of [at the case may be], did [here set out the Offence], and thereupon

the said £ F. hath become liable to a Fine or Penalty of British Currency; I do therefore by

these Presents authorize and command you and each of you to take into your Possemon the Goods of the

( laid £ F. or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods«in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum'within Six Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are by Public Sale thereof to levy the said«Sum, rendering to the said E. F. the Overplus, if any; and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to me«without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day

of

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for Form of War-committing such Offender or Offenders, and the same shall be in the fame Form as the said Warrant last rant of Corn-mentioned to the Words, I do therefore by these Presents which Words and all from thence to the Words, disposed of according to* Law* inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Places; to wit, — 4 And Whereas on the

Day of a Warrant was issued to levy the said Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum; I do

therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said E. F* whereSoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the said C.D. or any other

Magiftnrte of the said County

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, lave only that the Directions thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words, I do therefore hereby authorize and command you, ' there shall follow these Words, to receive Form of into your Custody the Body of the said E. F. and him [or her] safely to keep for'Committal

from the Date hereof, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of.>

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid m Law to all Intents and Purposes.

C. And be it further enacted, That it any such Conviction as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions, the Form of Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the fame into Execution, shall be granted by Warrants, the Justice or Justices so affirming the fame, or any of them, and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or some other Form of Words of the fame Import respectively;

County of 1

v 4 To M. and N. and each of them, their and each of their Assistants.

vk. 3

WHEREAS on the Day of in the Year

4 E. F. was duly convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the

frid County, for that he [or (he] on the Day of then last past,

4 at in the said County of did

4 [here set out the Offence], and thereupon the said E. F. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of Britiff Currency: And Whereas the said E. F appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions which hath affirmed the fame, with Costs, making together with the said Fine or Penalty

the Sum of These are therefore to authorize and command you and each of you

4 to take into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F. or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said last mentioned Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said

Goods

Form of Warrant of Committal.

Form of Commits!.

Clerk of Peace to fend Copies of Conviction to CoUe&ors of Excise, who shall tnnsmit them to Commissioners. Penalty.

Jurisdiction of Excise applied to Recovery of Duties, &c.

X4 & 15 Car. a. (I.) Seff, 4* c. 8. 46 G. 3. c. xo6. Ice.

Appeal Penalties, &c. how disposed of.

A €t altered, &c.

C. 19. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Si* Days from the Day of taking the'fa me, you are by Public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said E. F. the Overplus (if

any); and the hud Sum so levied you shall bring to us, or to One of us. [or to me, as the case may be-]

without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals Tor my Hand and

Seal] this Day of

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, and a Warrant shall thereupon be HTued for committing such Offender or Offenders, the same shall be in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned, to the Words*these are therefore to authorize and command you; which Words and all from thence to the Words i disposed of according to Law* inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or fbme other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit, — And

Whereas on the Day of a Warrant was issued to levy the said Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, We [or I]

do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said £ F. where-€ soever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before us [or me]

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, (ave only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Worth, ' We [or I] do therefore hereby authorize and command you' there shall follow these Words, to take into

your Custody the Body of the said E. F. and him [or her] safely to keep for from the Date

' hereof, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals [or my Hand and

Seal] this Day of:

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall within One Calendar Month ?tfter any such Conviction shall have been returned to his Office, funiiffi to the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the District in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction hgned by himself, for which he shall receive from such Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and every such Collector or other Officer in Charge shall forthwith transmit such Copy so signed to the said Commissioners of Excise and Taxes; and if any such Clerk of the Peace or Collector, or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit so to do respectively, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall and may be raised, levied, collected, paid, foed for and recovered in the same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, managing and levying of any Duties in and by an Act made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Secona, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or New Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Bates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several A3s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of CuRoms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland 5 or in and oy the several and respective Acts in force in Ireland relating respectively to the several and respective Duties in the Schedule to this Act mentioned and expressed, or in and by any other Act or Acts which may be in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Excise and Customs, or either of them, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts, is or shall be provided: Provided always, that all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act enforced, unless where otherwise directed by the fame, shall be disposed of and applied One Moiety of each of them to His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Prosecutor.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Ada to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[Jrr as to Stamp Duties generally, c. 87.]

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A.

A SCHEDULE of the Sums of Money or Duties to be payable in Ireland, on the several Licences herein after mentioned.

Any Lioence to any Person to (ell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail in the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the (kid City, or within the Walls of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, or within tke City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, including aH Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey, or within the Town of Belfast

Any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One MHe thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road furrotrading the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, and not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein

Any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ak, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin Qr Mead, by Retail: In anr other Place within the District of the Excise Office in Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, distant more than Two Miles, and not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Castlebar, ClonmeU, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburn, Longford, Mallow, Newrv, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Yongnall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively Any Licence to any Person to fen Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail: In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described Any Licence to any Person to keep a Malt House, the working or drying Floor or Floors whereof mall not exceed 1, 400 square Fort, and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the rurpole of being used in any Brewery or Distillery 5 for each and every Malt House in which such Business shall be carried on -

Any Licence to any Person to keep a Malt House of any other Sixc or Dimension, and make Malt for Sale, or to be used in any Brewery or Distillery j for each and every Malt House in which such BaBaefs shall be carried on in the following Places; videlicet,

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surround. ing the said Cky, or within the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, and in any Place beyond the said Circular Road and the Wail of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of Limerick called Saint Francis's ! Abbey, or within the Town of Belfait -

Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, and within One Mile thereof, respectively, or in any other Place within the Dif-tridfc of the Excise Of&oe of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Pbceuix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, or within One

5; Gko* IIL G

If such Licences respectively shall be respectively taken out.

After ajMarcl 1815, & before 29 Sept. 1815, inclu&ve. 1 After 29 Sept. 1815, Sc before 5 Jan. 1816, Midofife. After 5 Jan. 1816.

it t» d £. /. d. j?. /. d.

30 0 0 10 0 0 40 0 0

245 0 8 j 0 S3 0 0

>6 10 0 5 10 0 n 00

850 t if 0 11 0 0

4 10 0 1 10 s 6 0 0

>3 it 6 7 tf t 31 10 0

C. 19. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

If such Licences respectively shall ke respectively taken out,

Licence for Malt House — continutd.

Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps

therein, or within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, or the Towns of Athlone, Balinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Ca(hell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfole, Liiburn, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein, respectively -

In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts before described -

Any Licence to any Person to fell Malt, the Party felling the fame not being licensed to make Malt -

Any Licence to any Person to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale, for each and every Brew House in the following Places; videlicet,

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road fur-rounding the said City of Dublin, or within the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, or beyond the said Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey, or within the Town of Belfast Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein, or in any Place within the DistriCfc of the Excise Office in Dublin, beyond the Circular Road, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, distant more than Two Miles therefrom, and not distant more than Five Miles therefrom

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, BaUinadoe, Bandon, Carlow, Ca(hell,

Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lifbum, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively In any other Part in Ireland

Any Licence to any Person, to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to Tan Leather

Any Licence to any Person, to dress Hides or Skins in Oil Any Licence to any Person, to make Vellum or Parchment Any Licence to any Person, to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every Gallon which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing

After 2$ March 1815, & before 19 Sept. 1815, indufive. After9 Sept. 1815, & before 5 Jan. 1816, indufive. After 5 Jan. 1816.

£.. d. £. t. d. / d»

15 15 O 5 5° 210 0

II 16 3 3 18915 15 O

i 5 15 0 5 5° 210 0

39 7 < 13 2 6 52 IO O

23 12 6 7 >7 6 31 JO 0

*9 13915 15 0 6113 5 5° 36 5 O 210 0

0 159 0* 01 59 ° 5 3 ° 5 3 ° 5 3 I I O I I O*I I O

0 7 ioj 0 2 7i 0 10 6

If such Licences respectively shall be taken out,

Any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being' a licensed Distiller or an Importer of Spirits; provided that any such Importer shall not be authorized to fell any Spirits not imported by himself without taking out such Licence -

Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Tobacco in any manner And further for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding One Table, which j any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall be licensed to keep

On or after 25 Mar. i8i£» and before 5 Jan. 1816, indufive. After 5 Jan. 1816.

£ / </ £ </

15 15 0 21 0 0

6 6 0 880

3 3 440

Anr Licence to any Person to deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a wholeude Importer only -

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail or otherwise deal in Coffee, except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries

Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them for Sale; videlicet.

In the City of Dublin or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessioas House, or Market House, or Market Place thereof

In any other Part of Ireland

Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Paper Hangings Any Licence to any Person to fell Paper Hangings, not being the Manufacturer thereof; videlicet.

In the City of Dublin or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to ferre in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place thereof

In any other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, for each Mill

Any Licence to any Person to brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines

Any Licence to any Person to make Metheglin or Mead for Sale Any Licence to any Person to make Vinegar for Sale -

Any Licence to any Person to fell Tea or Groceries, or either of them, including Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants, Raisins and Figs by Retail; videlicet.

In the City of Dublin or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in every City, Town and Place, returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place of any such City, Town or Place In any other Part of Ireland Any Licence to any Person to fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate; videlicet,

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place thereof -

In any other Part of Ireland Any Licence to any Person to exercise the Trade or Business of a Brazier, or Worker inBrafs, Copper, Tin or other Metal, for making of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms of Stills 5 videlicet,

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person to keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club House or Coffee House, the PeHon keeping the fame not being a licensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors -

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Auction; videlicet,

Within the District of the Metropolis, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey, and within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities, and in the Town of Belfast -

If such Licences respectively shall be taken out,

On or after 15 Mar. 1815, and before 5 Jan. 1816, inclusive. After 5 Jan. < 1816.

7 17 6 £ z*</ 10 10 0

0 1591 10

3 3 0 in 6 3 is94 4° 2 2 0 5 5°

1 11 6 0 159220 11 0

1 11 6 220

3189 1 11 6 3 «*95 5° 220 5 5°

39*7 3 5 5° 3 3 0

389 in 6 5 5° 220'

4 14 6 3 7 3 660 3 3°

i 11 6 220

7 17 6 10 10 o'

XZP.

No Ptymaster Ac. to make Deductions out of Officert* or Private Men's

P»y.

49 G. $. c.j8. Sch. A.

Duties Sc c. made to cease.

Ixception.

If such Licences respectively shall be taken out.

Licence for Liquors — continued.

In anr other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person to make Glafa Bottle*, and other Vessels or Uteri fils, of common Bottle Metal -

Any Licence to any Person to exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot or with a Horse or other Bead of Burthen, or otherwise, carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize; also Licences to travelling Tinkers and Callers of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale

And further for every Servant, or other Person employed in carrying Goods of any such Hawker, Pbdkr or Chapman, and for every Horle or other Bead bearing or drawing burthen, which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or their Goode, Wares and Merchandize Any Licence to any Pferson to carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker, or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty -

Any Licence to any Person to carry on the Trade of selling Carriages chargeable with Duty, by way of Auction or on Commission -

Any Licence to any Pefftm to let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile* or from Stage to Stage -

On or after 25 Mar. 1815, and before 5 Jan. 1816, indufive. After 5 Jin. 1816.

t* / </ £. /. d.

3 189S 5 0

0 ij91 1 0

1 11 6 2 2 0

1 11 6 2 2 0

039 O O

0 39050

1 11 6 2 2 0

CAP. XX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and thei] Quarters.

[23d March 1815.*

u Number of Forces, 204, 386, exclusivfe of Forces employed in the Territorial Possessions of the EaJ> u India Company, and of Foreign Corps in British Pay.

post. r. 108.]

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[23d March 1315.*

XXXV. AND be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousan< eight hundred and fifteen, no Pay mailer or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall receive any Fees, o make any Deductions whatsoever, oot of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or Private Man, in His Majesty's Service; or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said Twenty fifth Day o March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, other than the usual Deductions for Clothing and Twelv-pence in the Pound to be disposed of as His Majesty shall think fit, and the One Day's Pay of the Officer ow paid to the Paymaster of Widows' Pensions, and such other necessary Deductions as shall from time t« time be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing th Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, to be signified by their Secretary for the time being unde his Hand.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Tobacco, and to grant othe Duties in lieu thereof.

[23d March 1.815.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several and respective Duties of Customs payable on the Import

ation of Tobacco into Great Britain, and the several and respective Drawbacks of such Ditties o ' the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, Should be repealed, and that other Duties and Drawback ' Should be imposed in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King'9 Most Excellent Majesty, by an with the Advice and Confenrt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliamer assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty first Day of February Or thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the several and respective Duties of Customs payable on the Importatio of Tobacco into Great Britain, and the several and refSpeftive Drawbacks of the said Duties allowed on th Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain shall ceale, determine and be no longer paid or allowed, save an except in all cases relating to the recovering, paying or allowing any Arrears thereof which may remai

16 unpa

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 22, 23. 45

unpaid or allowed, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Twenty first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that from and after the said Day, in lieu and instead of the Duties and Drawbacks hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duties and Drawbacks as the lame are inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.): Provided always, that if any Tobacco legally imported into Great Britain shall be deposited in Warehouses according to the Directions of the several A6h of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Importation and Warehousing of Tobacco in Great Britain, then and in such case the Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon the Importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such Tobacco shall be delivered for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse in which the fame may be deposited, lodged or secured according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco which shall have been lodged and deposited in any such Warehouse previous to the said Twenty first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be taken out of such Ware-house for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture, until the Duties granted by this Act shall have been folly paid, notwithstanding such Tobacco had been imported on or before the said Twenty first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said. Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, pud and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitutes for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full force and effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at. Wefhninjlery and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties imposed by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under the Title and Description of Permanent Duties, are directed to be appropriated and applied.

New Dudes, Sec,

Dudes not payable on warehoused Tobacco till delivered out for Home Trade.

Tobacco not taken out of Warehouse dll new Duty paid.

Dudes under Management of Commissioners of Customs.

Dudes how levied.

Penalties, Sec. of former Alta in Force.

Dudes paid into Exchequer.

49 G. 3. c. 98. §47-

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks of the said Duties allowed upon the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain.

Permanent.

TOBACCO. Duty. Drawback.

Imported into Great Britain, or when taken out of the Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture, for every Pound Weight Having been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture, in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to Law, — " Into Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco or Roll Tobacco, for every £ i, d. £ i, d.

OIO

Pound Weight --- Into Carrot Tobacco, for every Pound Weight — _ O O 8

- 009 -

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation of Citrat of Lime, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS h is expedient that the Duties of Customs now payable upon the Importation into Great 49 G-3- c. 98. ' W Britain of Citrat of Lime should be repealed, and that other Duties should be imposed in lieu there-1 of; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, fnm and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Dudes mad* to

Duties

46 C. 23, 24.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Exception. New Duty.

Duties under

of Customs.

Duties bow levied.

force.

Duties paid into Exchequer.

Duties of Customs payable by Law upon the Importation into Great Britain of Citrat of Lime shall ceaf and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which mai remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, winch shall have been incurred at an] time before the said Tenth' Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that, from and afte] the said Day, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected an< paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Citrat of Lim< imported into Great Britain the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britait Management of called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the tim< Conditioner* being 5 and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, col ledted, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like nature an managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the fevera Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, now in force in relation

Penalties, fce. of to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and former Acts in Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament ii force on or immediately before the passing of this Act made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for tin Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shal be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the] were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall, from time to time, be paie into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the iam< manner as the Duties repealed by this Act are directed to be appropriated and applied.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to grant Duties of Customs on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchan* dize from Ireland, in lieu of the Duties of Customs heretofore payable on such Exportation.

[23d March 1815/

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hnndrea andfix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, Wares ana Merchandise, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks ana Bounties; and by the Schedule marked (C.) to the said Act annexed, certain Duties of One Pound Ten Shillings and of Four Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland (except as in the said Act and Schedule mentioned) were impofej upon the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from Ireland\ 4 and which said Duties were equal in Amount to like Duties imposed on Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain exported from Great Britain; but Part of which said Duties in Great Britain, being Temporary or War Duties, have expired; and it is therefore just and reasonable that such Duties only mould be imposed in Ireland on the Exportation from thence of Goods, Wares and Merchant dize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, as shall not exceed the Duties now existing in Great Britain on the Exportation from thence of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce 01*Manufacture of Great Britain May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected arid paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Exportation from Ireland oi all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, the several Duties oi Customs for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof as are mentioned and set forth in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, (except as in the said Schedule is excepted) in lieu and full Satisfaction of the several Duties of One Pound Ten Shillings and Four Pounds payable in Ireland upon the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or the Schedule marked (C.) to the said recited Act annexed, or of any Act or Acts for continuing the said Act in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, but in Addition to the several Duties charged on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland enumerated in the Schedule marked (C.) annexed to the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and that the Duties of One Pound Ten Shilbngsand Four Pounds payable under the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the said Schedule marked (C.l to the said Act annexed, upon any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize in respect of the Value thereof, mall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise*imported into and exported from Ireland in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; it it,

10 ' amongst

45 G. 3. c. 8.

Sch. (C.)

Certain Duties on Exportation of Goods from Ireland paid according to Schedule (A.> annexed, in lieu of Duties granted by 45 G. 3. c. 18. Sch. (C.)

54 G 3- c.iap.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 24.. 47

amongst other things, provided, that whenever it shall happen tl\at any of the Duties of Customs or Excise in §3s.

Great Britain granted or made payable by any Act in force in Great Britain at the time of the passing of

the f*id recited Act, upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by the said Act, or the Schedule to«the said Act annexed, or any Part of such Duties, in Great Britain, shall cease or determine, or be repealed,

or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall be made that so much of the Duties of9Customs granted by the said recited Act and made payable in Ireland as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed as aforesaid m Great Britain, shall, in like manner, cease or deter-

mine or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of

Customs or Excise shall cease or determine or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Bru

tain, and that the Duties of Customs made payable by the said recited Act shall be reduced accordingly:

And Whereas certain Temporary or War Duties on the Exportation from Great Britain of certain of the

Articles, Matters and Things mentioned and set forth in the Schedule marked (B.) annexed to the said re-v

dted Act of the last Session of Parliament, have ceased and determined, and are no longer payableBe it

therefore enacted, That, from and after the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and Instead of fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Pa7aWe

Exportation from Ireland to any Country or Place, except Great Britain, of the several Goods, Wares and q c I29 Merchandize mentioned, expressed and set forth in the Schedule marked (B.J to this Act annexed, the feve- $ch. (b.)'9

ral Duties and Sums of Money in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, mentioned, set forth and expressed, in Duties specified lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties payable in Ireland on the Exportation from thence of Goods, Wares and Schedule (B.) Merchandize of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or he.r*to annexed of the said Schedule marked (B.) to the said recited Act annexed 5 and that, from and after the passing of pal

this Act, all Duties payable under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or the said Schedule marked (B.) thereto annexed, upon the Exportation of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned, spedfied and expressed in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed, shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties in this Act and in the respective Schedules hereunto Duties payable annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British in British Cur-Corrency; and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; [^ncy*

and that all the said Duties in the said Schedules specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and received ate upon the several Articles and Things in this Act and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, Dinto paid ac-mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, Weight, Gauge, Measure or Value of the said Articles re- cording to spectively specified, and also in Proportion upon any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure or Tala, &c.

Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted and made payable, Duties how shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied, in the same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities* levied. Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying and paying, and managing of Duties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and

applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth 14 & 15 Car, a.

aid Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling (!) Sess. 4. c. 8.

tba Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein

mferted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 4$ G. 3. a io4

to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under tie &c*

management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise apd

Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposrs as if the fame Powers and

Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the

Hke remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said Act passed in the Four- Appea\

teenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles, the Second, or in and by any other

Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

SCHEDULES to which this Aflr refers.

Schedule (A.)

DUTIES payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or

Manufacture of Ireland.

In addition to the specific Duties charged on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, enumerated in Schedule (C.) of the Act 45 Geo. III. c. 18. and in lieu of the Duties of £1 10 o and fa o o in the said Schedule mentioned in respect of the Value of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize.*1

All Go6ds, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth or Manufacture of Ireland, except as Jrreinafter mentioned, exported to any Port of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every j£ioo of the true and real Value thereof f Except,

- Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland.

1 — Bullion*

£ s* dm o 10 o

A.D. 181j

C. 24. 55° GEORGII III.

Schedule (A.) — continued

Except,

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, exported from Ireland to the Isle of Mao, which may be legally exported to the said 111 and.

Cotton Yarn, and all other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Ireland.

- Corn or Grain.

- 1 Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, or any refined Sugar called Bastards, or ground or powdered Sugar, or refined Sugar broken in Pieces, or any Sugar called Candy, or Molasses made from Sugar of the British Plantations.

All Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland (except as herein after mentioned), exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £100 of the true and real Value thereof -

£ / d»

100

Except,

- Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland.

- Bullion.

Corn or Grain.

- ' Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Ireland.

- All Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Clothing or Implements or Materials fit or necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Island of Newfoundland, for the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessels or on Shore in carrying on the said Fishery, exported from Ireland to the said Island.

- All refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and all refined

Sugar called Bastards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, and Molasses made from Sugar of the British Plantations.

Schedule (B.)

DUTIES payable on the Exportation of Foreign Merchandize from Ireland to any Country or Place except Great Britain in lieu of the Duties on the like Article* under Schedule (B.) of the Ad 45 (a) Geo. III. c. 119. (a) [54 G* 3* c

Agaric; videlicet,

- rough or untrimmed, the lb.

- trimmed or pared, the lb.

Ammoniac urn Sal. — See Sal Ammorifaciim. Annotto, the lb.

Antemonium Crudum, the cwt.

Aquafortis, the Gallon Arabic, Gum. — See Gum.

Argol, the cwt.

Amok, the cwt. ... Bayberries, the cwt.

Beaver Skins, the Skin or Piece of Skin — Wool. — See Wool.

Brazil Wood. 1«nr 1

Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood. - J Calaminari8 Lapis. — See Lapis Calaminaris. Cochineal, the lb.

Cream of Tartar, the cwt.

Fuftic. — See Wood.

Galls, the cwt. ... Gem SaL — See Sal.

Guinea Wood. — See Red Wood in Wood.

Gum; videlicet,

- Arabic, the cwt.

- Senega, the cwt.

- Stic Lac, the cwt.

Jamaica Wood. — See Braziletto Wood in Wood. Indigo of the East Indies, the ioolbs.

Ifinglass, the cwt.

o

o

o

o

o

X. d

O li

0 4i

O I*

° 41 ° 41

009 o + 9

0 0 3

009

o o 4i o 1 3

1 16 9

066

049

o 10 9

010

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

Schedule (B.) — continued.

C. 24, 25.

Lapis Caiaminaris, for every £ 100 of the Value Litmus, the cwt.

Madder, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

Nicaragua Wood. — See Wood.

Orchal, the cwt.

Orchelia, the cwt.

Pomegranate Peels, the cwt.

Red or Guinea Wood. — See Wood.

Safflower, the lb.

Sal; videlicet,

--Ammoniacum, the cwt.

- Gem, the cwt. Sapan Wood. — See Wood.

Saunders red, the cwt.

Senega Gum. — See Gum.

Shumac or Sumach, the cwt.

Stick Lac--- See Gum.

Tornfal or Turnsole, the cwt.

Valonia, the cwt.

Verdigris, the lb.

Wood; videlicet,

- Brazil Wood, the cwt.

- Braziiletto or Jamaica Wood, the cwt.

- Fustick, the cwt.

- Logwood, the cwt.

- (If exported in British Ships Duty-free.)

- Nicaragua Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Red or Guinea Wood, the cwt.

- Sapan Wood, the cwt.

Wool; videlicet,

- Beaver Wool, the lb.

£. r. d.

- 6 O 0

0 O 9

- 0 1 0

0 4 9

- 0 1 3

0 0 9

0 0 6

- 0 0 il

- 0 4 9

0 4 9

- 0 0 ioi

- 0 0 6

- 0 4 9

- 0 4 6

0 0

- 0 1 3

- 0 0 9

0 0 3

0 1 3

- 0 5 0

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 5 0

49

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Brown Linens in Ireland.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS the Manufacture of Linen Webs at or under the Set of Six Hundred has greatly in-

VY creased, and it would greatly tend to encourage that Branch of the Manufacture if proper Regu-

ktkms were made concerning it: And Whereas also it would be expedient to regulate generally the

Lengths and Breadths of the Denomination of Linen called Three Quarter Wider; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ao Person shall sell or expose for sale any Piece of Brown Linen in any of the Linen Markets of Ireland of the Denomination called Three Quarter Wider, being of or under the Set of Six Hundred, which shall not be fully Twenty eight Inches broad, and if exceeding Fifty two Yards in Length, which shall not be Seventy Yards long, under the Penalty of forfeiting every such Piece so fold or offered for sale.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Seal Mailer of Brown Linen shall seal any Piece of Brown Linen of the Denomination called Three Quarter Wider, which shall not be of the Width of Twenty eight Inches at ieaft, and without concealed Damages, and of equal Fineness and Thickness throughout, or any Piece exceeding in Length Fifty two Yards, unless the Piece shall be Seventy Yards long, under the Penalty of forfeiting Forty Shillings for each Piece.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall pack up or enter for Exportation any Piece of Three Quarter-wide Linen which shall not be fully Twenty eight Inches wide if Brown, or Twenty foren Inches wide if White, under the Penalty of forfeiting every such Piece so packed up or entered for Exportation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences which shall or may be committed against this Act shall and may be heard and determined, and all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall or may be incurred or imposed by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for, recovered and disposed of in like manner and by the fame ways and methods as are directed by any Act or Acts now in force relating to the Linen Manufacture of Ireland

Brown Linens

of certain Breadth and Length.

[Penalty.]

Sealing Piece not of proper Dimettfions.

[Penalty.]

Packing up for Exportation Linen not of proper Width. Penalty. Penalties how recovered and applied.

j; Geo. III.

H

5°

C. 2 6.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Corn at all times imported and warehoused.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to amend the Laws now in force for regulating the Importation of Corn.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws now in force, relating to the Importation of and Trade

in Corn; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Corn, Meal or Flour, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Foreign Country, which may now by Law be imported into the United Kingdom, shall and may at all times be allowed to be brought to the said United Kingdom, and to be warehoused there, under the Regulations and Provisions of the Laws now in force relating to Corn, without Payment of any Duty whatever; and that such Corn, Meal and Flour, so warehoused, may at all times be taken out of Warehouse, under the Regulations and Provisions now by Law in force, and be exported according to such Laws, without Payment of any Duty whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Corn, Meal or Flour, may be taken out of Warehouse, and be entered for Home Consumption, in the said United Kingdom, under and subject to the Regulations and Provisions now in force, without Payment of any Duty whatever, whenever Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour of the fame Sort, shall or may by Law be admillible into the said United Kingdom, for Home Consumption.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, shall and may be permitted to be imported into the said United Kingdom, for Home Consumption, under and subject to the Provisions and Regulations now in force, without Payment of any Duty whatever, whenever the Average Prices of the several Sorts of British Corn, made up and published in the manner now by Law required, shall be at or above the Prices hereafter mentioned; that is to say, whenever Wheat shall be at or above the Price of Eighty Shillings per Quarter; whenever Rye, Pease and Beans, shall be at or above the Price of Fifty three Shillings per Quarter; whenever Barley, Beer or Bigg, shall be at or above the Price of Forty Shillings per Quarter; and whenever Oats shall be at or above the Price of Twenty seven Shillings per Quarter.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Average Prices of British Corn so made up and published, shall respectively be below the Prices hereinbefore Hated, no Foreign Corn, or Meal, or Flour, made from any of the respective Sorts of Foreign Corn hereinbefore enumerated, shall be allowed to be imported into the United Kingdom, for the Purpose of Home Consumption, or taken out of Warehouse for that Purpose,

V. And be it further enacted, That the Average Price of the several Sorts of British Corn, by which the Times for taking Importation of Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, into the United Kingdom, shall be regulated ana governed. Average Prices shall continue to be made up and published in the manner now required by Law; but that if it shall hereafter

at any time after the Importation of Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour shall be permitted, under the Provisiont of this Adfc, appear that the Average Prices of the different Sorts of British Corn respectively, in the Six Weeks immediately succeeding the Fifteenth Day of February, the Fifteenth Day of May> the Fifteenth Day of August and the Fifteenth Day of November in each Year, shall have fallen below the Prices at which Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, may be, under the Provisions of this Adfc, allowed to be imported for Home Consumption, no such Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, shall be allowed to be imported into the United Kingdom for Home Consumption, from any Place between the Rivers Eyder and Bidajfoa, both inclusive, until a new Average shall be made up, and published in the London Qa % ettey for regulating the Importation into the United Kingdom for the succeeding Quarter.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Corn, Meal or Flour, being the Growth, Produce or Manu-fadfcure of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, as may now by Law be imported into the United Kingdom, may hereafter respectively be imported for Home Consumption, without Payment of any Duty, whenever the Average Prices of British Corn, made up and published as now by Law required, shall respectively be at or above the Prices hereafter specified; that is to say, whenever the Price of Wheat shall be at or above Sixty seven Shillings per Quarter 5 whenever the Price of Rye, Pease and Beano, shall be at or above Forty four Shillings per Quarter $ whenever the Price of Barley, Beer or Bigg shall be at or above Thirty three Shillings per Quarter; and whenever the Price of Oats shall be at or above Twenty two Shillings per Quarter.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Prices of British Corn respectively shall be below the Prices herein specified, Corn, or Meal, or Flour made from any of the respective Sorts of Corn herein enumerated, the Growth, Produce or Manufadfcure of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, shall no longer be allowed to be imported into the United Kingdom for Home Consumption.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Corn, Meal or Flour, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, as may now by Law be imported into the United Kingdom, mall at all times be permitted to be imported into the United Kingdom, and warehoused according to the Laws now in force, without Payment of any Duty whatever; and be taken out of the Warehouse, and exported according to the Laws now in force, without Payment of any Duty whatever.

I2£. And be it further enacted, That such Corn, Meal or Flour, so warehoused, may be taken out of Warehouse, and entered for Home Consumption in the United Kingdom, whenever Com, Meal or Flour, of the like Description, imported diredfc from any such Colony or Plantation, shall be admillible by Law so^p Jlome Consumption, but not otherwise,

15 X. Provided

Corn taken out of Warehouse for Home Con-fumptioa.

Prices at which Corn imported for Home Con-fumptien.

When British Corn if below Prices before mentioned, no Corn imported or taken out of Warehouse*

of British Corn.

Prices at which Corn from British Colonies in North America imported.

When Corn below Prices mentioned, no Corn from North America imported.

North American Com imported and warehoused, according to Laws in force. Corn taken out of Warehouse whenever Corn of similar Description imported.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 26, 27, 28.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conftmed to extend to repeal or

any wife alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law } hut the same shall be continued as heretofore: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be conftnied to extend to repeal or alter the Payments to be made to the Inspector of Corn Returns, as directed by an Act made in the Forty third f (a) Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting Corn brought into the Port of London. (a) [See 31 G. 3. r.30. £44.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, by which any Rules, Regulations or Conditions were made, established or directed, regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, Meal and Flour, or for ascertaining the Average Prices, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to this Act, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed during this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS several of the Additional Duties of Excise granted by an Act made in the Forty third

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until

Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain Additional Duties of Excise in 1 Great Britain 5 and certain Additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff imported into Great Britain, granted by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and the Duties inserted, described

and set forth in the Schedule marked (B; ), annexed to another Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His said

Majesty's Reign, and certain Additional Duties of Excise on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Fita or Strong Waters,

imported into Great Britain, granted by another Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty'a

Reign, would have expired at certain limited times after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, had not the fame been continued: And Whereas the fame were and are, by an Act made in the Fifty fourtheYear of His said Majesty's Reign, continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and it is expedient further to continue the fame in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such of the said Duties of Excise by the said Acts granted as are not repealed nor made perpetual, and would expire before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and are by the said Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty continued until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and the fame respectively are hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the fereral Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the 1 RcflriBions contained in several Acts made in the Thirty seventh, Thirty eighth, Forty second and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England; which Act has by several subsequent Acts jh?) been continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And Whereas it is highly desirable that the Bank of England should as soon as pofuble return to the Payment of its Notes in Cash, but it is expedient that the Provision of the said Act should be further continued May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. (a) [Only One A3, namely 54 £7.3.*. 99.]

[See as to Bank of Ireland\ fioft* c. 41

H 2 CAP.

5*

Proviso for Rights of Corporation of London, or other Corporations.

f to.

Provisions Of former Acts extended to Act.

Act varied, &c.

43 G. 3* c. 81.

46 G. 3. c. 39.

46 G. 3 c. xoi.

47 G. 3. Sell*, x. c. 27.

54 G. 3. c. 73.

Duties of Excise continued.

44 G. 3. c. X.

continued.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

52 C. 29.

Goods in

Sch. (A.) shipped from Sugar Colonies in America to Malta.

Shipped in British-built

Ships;

and by Licence. Notices.

Oath.

Bond.

Certificate.

Vessels conveying other Articles than allowed.

[Penalty.]

Entry made of Goods.

Name of Ship,

fcc.

Cocquet.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to regulate the Trade between Malta and its Dependencies, and His Majesty's Colonies and

Plantations in America; and also between Malta and the United Kingdom.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to grant further Facilities to the Trade between Malta and its De-

pendencies, and His Majesty's Sugar Colonies and Plantations in America, as well as between Malta

and its Dependencies, and the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to ship, in any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, any of the Articles enumerated in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.), being of the Growth and Produce of any such Colony or Plantation, or any such Articles as may now or may hereafter be by Law imported into the said Colonies, and to export the fame direct to the Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, in such Ships or Vessel s, and under such Licences, Entries, Securities, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are herein after particularly mentioned or described.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Articles so allowed to be laden and exported from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations aforesaid, shall be shipped or laden in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, for the Purpose of being carried to the said Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, except in British-built Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law; nor unless a Licence shall have been first taken out for that Purpose, under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port at which any of the said Articles is or are intended to be shipped or laden, and which Notice muff be first given in Writing, by the Matter of such Ship or Vessel, or the Person intending to ship any of the said Articles, to the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, of such Intention, and that such Ship or Vessel shall, when laden, proceed direct to the Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof; and the Owner or Proprietor, or the Person or Persons intending to ship any of the Articles aforesaid, shall then make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the said Port (which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer) that it is his or their full Intention and Kefolution to load such Ship or Vessel with Articles enumerated in the said Schedule marked (A.) for Exportation, direct to the Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, and to no other Place whatever: And the Matter of the Ship or Vessel, together with the Owner or Proprietor, or Person intending to ship the said Articles, shall thereupon enter into Bond, to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of such Goods, with Condition that in case a Licence shall be granted giving Liberty to such Ship or Vessel to lade and carry the said Articles from any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, to the said Island of Malta or its Dependencies, that such Ship or Vessel shall proceed direct to the said Island or its Dependencies, and that no Goods whatever, except such as shall be included in the Licence before mentioned, and except such as may now by Law be exported from the said Colonies or Plantations to Malta, shall be taken on board such Ship or Vessel; and also, that before the Expiration of Two Years from the Date of such Licence, the same shall be given up to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where the said Articles where shipped and laden, together with a Certificate signed and sealed by the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Island, or by the principal Officer of the Customs there, certifying the landing of the said Articles, together with the Contents, Weight or Quantity, and the Marks and Number of the Calks or other Packages of such Articles so landed, together with the Name of the Ship and Matter thereof from which such Goods were so landed.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, licensed by virtue of this Act, shall take on board, in any of the said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, or on her Voyage from thence, any other Articles than such as are allowed to be taken on board and exported by virtue of this Act, all such Articles so taken or laden on board such Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited and lost, and the Matter and Shipper of any such Goods shall severally forfeit Double the Value of the Goods so laden or taken on board contrary to the Directions of this Act; to be recovered in any Court of Vice Admiralty held in any of His Majesty's Plantations ii* America, or in any other Court of Record in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor 5 One Third Part to be for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, One Third Part to the Governor of the Colony, and the other Third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any of the Articles enumerated in Schedule (A.) shall be laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, by virtue of a. Licence to be granted under the Authority of this Act, to be carried to the said Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, the Merchant or other Person intending to export the said Articles in such Ship or Vessel, shall make an Entry or Entries of all such Articles in Writing, with the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, expressing the Name of the Ship, and of the Matter of the Ship, on board of which the Articles are to be laden, and where (he lies, and also the Place, Quay or Wharf where the fame is or are to be laden, or first water-born in order to be laden, which shall be within such Port only where a Custom House is established, and where an Officer or Officers are or shall be appointed to attend the lading and shipping thereof, or at such Place or Places as shall be mentioned in a Sufferance or Warrant, to be taken out from the Collector and Comptroller for that Purpose; and shall take out from the said Collector and Comptroller a Cocquet or Warrant accordingly, whereon shall be indorsed by the Exporter, the particular Weight and Quantity, with Marks, Numbers and Contents, Sorts or proper Denomination of such Articles, and shal] deliver the Cocquet or Warrant so indorsed to the Searcher or other Officer appointed for the examining anc shipping thereof, and shall ship or lade the said Articles in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and at fuel

Plac<

53

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 29.

Place or Places as shall be mentioned in the said Sufferance or Warrant, that the proper Officer or Officers may attend the dripping thereof; and such Officer or Officers are hereby empowered to examine the fame, before officers examin-they are put on board; and if upon examining the Articles which shall be shipped or brought to be shipped by ing. virtue of such Cocquet or Warrant, either before or after the Shipping thereof, the Weight or Quantity of the Goods, or the Number of Caiks or Packages shall be greater than is indorsed thereon 5 or if any other Articles of the Description mentioned in Schedule (A.) but such as shall be so indorsed on such Cocquet or Warrant taken out and delivered as aforesaid, shall be discovered to have been laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel having Liberty to trade to the said Idand of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, by virtue of this Act, or shall be brought to be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, or shall be put into any Hoy, Lighter,

Boat or other Vessel, in order to be put on board such Ship or Vessel, before such Entry or taking out such

Cocauet or Warrant, indorsing and delivering of the fame, and not being shipped in the manner aforesaid,

but mall be put on board, or attempted to be put on board, contrary to the Directions of this Act; all such

Articles so shipped or brought to be shipped, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and also

the Hoy, Lighter, Boat or other Vessel or Carriage whatever, employed in shipping or attempting to ship

any Goods other than those enumerated in the Schedule marked (A.) together with the Ship or Vessel on

which such Goods shall be so laden; and the Owner shall forfeit double the Value thereof, to be recovered in Penalty.

any Court of Vice Admiralty held in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other Court of

Record in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor, One

Third Part to be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, One Third Part to the Governor of the said Colony, and the other Third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor: And before such Ship or Vessel Ship departing,

shall depart from the said Colonies, with any of the Articles enumerated in the Schedule marked (A.) laden ^olon, cl

as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking Charge thereof, shall receive the said Licence from cence*

the Collector or Comptroller, with a Certificate indorsed thereon or affixed thereto, under their Hands and

Seals of Office, who are to make Two Copies of such Licence, Indorsements and Certificates; for all which

Entries, Cocquets, Indorsements and Certificates or Copies, no more shall be taken by the said Officers than

the legal and accustomed Fees; and the Master or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship, shall, Fee.

before he receives the said Licence, attest the said Copies under his Hand, which are to be left with the

Collector and Comptroller, who are hereby required as soon as conveniently they can, to transmit One of the said Copies of the Licence, Indorsements and Certificates, to the Commimoners of the Customs in England,

and record in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, the Notice in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the

Ship or Vessel, the Affidavit of the Shipper, the Licence granted for the Exportation of the Articles,

together with the Clearance; but in case any of the Articles enumerated in Schedule (A.) shall be found on In what case

board, or carried by any such Ship or Vessel to the said Idand of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, other Licence void.

than such as are mentioned in the said Licence, then the Liberty granted by such Licence shall cease and

become void and of none Effect; and such Ship or Vessel, and also the Master or other Person having or

taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and all others concerned, shall be subject and liable to all and every the same Penalties and Forfeitures as they would have been subject and liable to in case this Act had

not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Ship or Vessel, or any other Ship Ship* to load at or Vessel being British-built, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, to load at the said Idand of Malta certain Malta or any of the Dependencies thereof, any of the Articles enumerated in the Schedule marked (B.) Articles for hereunto annexed, for Exportation direct to any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, Lo on, eJ' and any such Article may be landed in any such Colony or Plantation, being first duly entered with the proper Officers of the Customs there; any thing contained in an Act made in England, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign 15 Car. % c. 7. of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the Eneoutagement of Trade, or any other Act or Acts in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the said Articles, Goods, Wares and Merchandize (Wine excepted), shall, Dutie*. upon Importation into any of the said Colonies or Plantations, be subject and liable to the Payment of such Duties as Goods of the like Denomination or Description are or may be subject and liable to, upon being imported into the said Colonies or Plantations from Great Britain, and no other or higher Duties; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Sort of Wine which by virtue and in pur- Wine imported fuance of this Act shall be imported or brought into any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in Dut'iea

America, from the Idand of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of , payable on such and the like Duties, and no other, as are due and payable on Madeira Wine when imported into any of Madeira Wine, the said Colonies or Plantations directly from the Idand of Madeira.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon such Licence being returned to the Collector and Comp- When Bonds troller of the Customs of the Port where the Articles enumerated in Schedule (A.) were shipped, and an Account of the lading being indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, and also upon such Certificate of the Governor or Deputy Governor or Principal Officer of the Customs, being produced as aforesaid, and the several

other Matters and Things required by this Act being duly complied with, within Two Years from the Date of such Licence, the Bond given before granting Inch Licence shall be discharged and delivered up; any thing in the said Bond or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 5 otherwise such Bond shall be forfeited, and shall and may be prosecuted in the manner directed by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to export from Newfoundland, the Goods exported IOand of Bermuda, or any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in North America, any Articles of the Colonies to

Growth, Ma!ta d'rc"-

54

Certain Goods imported from Malta direct to Colonies.

Goods of Levant brought from Malta.

Duties.

Persons free of Turkey Company, to import Raw Silk from Malta.

Provtfo.

'thrown Silk imported from Malta.

Recovery of Penalties.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Counterfeiting, &c. Licences, See.

[Penalty.]

C. 29. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Growth, Production or Manufacture of such Colony or Plantation, or any Articles which have been legally imported into such Colony or Plantation direct to the Island of Malta, or the Dependencies thereof, in such Ships and Vessels, and under such Licences, Entries, Securities, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are hereinbefore mentioned and described, as to Exportation from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import from the Island of Maltay or any of the Dependencies thereof, direct into Newfoundland, the Island of Bermuda, or any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in North America, any of the Articles enumerated in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (B.) in such Ships and Vessels, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are hereinbefore mentioned and described, as to the Importation of the said Articles into any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America.

X. And Whereas by the Laws now in force, Goods and Commodities of the Streights or Levant Seas

may be imported into the United Kingdom in British-b\\\\t Ships, and navigated and registered according to

Law, from the usual Ports or Places for landing them heretofore within the said Streights or Levant Seas,

though the said Commodities be not of the very Growth of the said Places: And Whereas it is expedient that such Goods should be allowed to be in like manner imported from the Island of Malta and the Depen-

dencies thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this A A, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import from the Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof into the United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, not prohibited to be imported, being of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Streights or Levant Seas, in British-bxxAt Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and m no other Ship or Vessel whatever, on Payment of such Duties as now are or hereafter may be due and payable on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize when imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively 5 any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstand«-ing: Provided always, that all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Signior, within the Levant Seas, so imported under the Authority of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the fame Duties, to the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, as shall be payable on the like Articles when imported direct from Turkey by Persons being Members of the said Company.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons admitted into and made free of the said Company of Merchants of England trading into the LevantSeas, to import into the United Kingdom from the said Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered, according to Law, any Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn, being the Growth or Production of any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Sigipor* within the Levant Seas; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all such Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn so imported into the United Kingdom under the Authority of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Duties due and payable to the said Turkey Company, in like manner as if such Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn had been imported into the United Kingdom directly from Turkey.

XII. Aud Whereas it is expedient, that Thrown Silk of the Production of Italy, Sicily or the Kingdom of Naples, should be permitted to be imported into the United Kingdom directly by Sea from the Island of

Malta and the Dependencies thereof }* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import from the said Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, into the United Kingdom directly, any Thrown Silk being of the Production of Italy, Sicily or of the Kingdom of Naples, in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and in no other Ship or Vessel whatever, on Payment of such and the like Duties as now are or hereafter may be payable in Great Britain or Ireland respectively on such Thrown Silk when imported directly by Sea from the Place of its Production 5 any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act (except where it is otherwise provided) shall and may be prosecuted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute ana recover the fame; wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall become Nonsuit, or forbear the Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pals againlihim, her or them, the Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the like remedy for the same as in cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall grant a false Certificate, or counterfeit, erase or alter any Licence, Oath or Certificate, which shall be made or given pursuant to this Act, or shall knowingly or wittingly publish or make use thereof, such Person or Persons shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of in the manner directed by this Act; and such Licence, Oath or Certificate so falsified, counterfeited, erased or altered, shall be invalid and of none effect.

A.D. 1815. J5° GEORGII III. C. 19, 30.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Sugar.

Coffee.

Cocoa.

Rum.

Molasses.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Pimento.

Indigo.

Ginger.

Fuftic, or other Dying Wood.

Oli ret.

Figs.

Raisins.

Currants.

Piftaccio Nuts.

Almonds.

Dates.

Capers.

Wine.

Brandy.

Oil of Olives.

Oil of Almonds.

Gum Arabic.

- Mastic.

- Myrrh.

- Sicily.

- Ammoniac.

Opium.

Mauna.

Senna.

Cantharides.

Oris Root.

Rhubarb.

Jalap.

Scatnony.

Quickmver.

Sarsaparilla.

Saffron.

Safflower.

Muik.

Iocenfe.

Essence of Bergamot*

Do. of Citron.

Do. of Lemon.

Do. of Orange.

Do. of Lavender.

Do. of Roles.

Do. of Rosemary.

5Sb2fter, } RouSh and Worked*

Brimstone.

Cork.

Aniseed.

Cumminfeed.

Ostrich Feathers.

Honey.

Sponges.

Amber.

Coral.

Mill Timber.

Box Wood.

Argol.

Vermillion.

Ochres.

Cinnabar.

Orange Buds and Peel.

Juniper Berries.

Punk.

Pumice Stone.

Emery Stone.

Whetilone.

Paintings and Prints.

Mosaic Works.

Medals.

Lava, and Malta Stone for building. Pozzolana.

Bullion.

Precious Stones.

Pearls.

Com,

Grain.

Meal or Flour.

Beans.

Pease.

Lentils.

Rice.

Macaroni or Vermicelli.

Cafcafoo.

Parmesan Cheese.

Bologna and other Sausages. Anchovies.

Caviar.

Botarga.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Dry and Wet Fruit in Brandy and Sugar, in Jars and Bottles.

Pickles - - in ditto.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred ami nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences.

[23d March 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great 4 V? Britain ana Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making an Addition to the Pubbe Revenue, have freely and voluntarily rrfolved to give and grant onto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein after respectively mentioned, ' and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be

55

56 C. 30.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Additional Duties in Schedule (A.) and Drawbacks in Schedule (6.) paid.

Duties under Management of Commissioners of Excise.

Duties paid on Tobacco ware-housed before Feb. 20, 1815, if taken out for Home Consumption.

[Proviso.]

Duties, &c how levied.

Duties in Proportion to greater or less Quantity.

Prize Tobacco and Snuff liable to Duty.

Duty added to Contract Prices.

be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matters and Things mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and additional Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed and paid for or in respect of Goods, Wares and Merchandize for or in respect whereof any additional Duty of Excise by this Act imposed shall have been paid, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule (a) marked (B.) hereunto annexed 5 and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act 5 and the fame respectively shall commence and take effect from and after the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. (a) [See Note to Sch. ( B.)]

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the additional Duties of Excise, granted by this Act on Tobacco and Snuff respectively, shall be charged on all Tobacco and Snuff imported into Great Britain, which shall have been warehoused and shall have remained on the Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in any Warehouse or Warehouses under His Majesty's Locks, in pursuance or by the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or other special Authority in force on or immediately before the said Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, although such Tobacco or Snuff may have been imported before the said Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be payable on any such Tobacco or Snuff unless and until any such Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall be taken out of any such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed marked (A.) as the Duties of Excise, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise set forth in the said Schedule (£) marked (B.) upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matters and Things inserted therein shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special means, ways or methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matters and Things of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed; and the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with, Duties of Excise, or entitled to Drawbacks of Excise, as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares and Merchandize in general and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, ' Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively were subject or liable by any Act or Acts or Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts 01 Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise ^nd Drawbacks of Duties of Excise hereby charged and allowed in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

(^) Note to Sch. (B*)]

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Duties are imposed or Drawbacks allowed by this Act on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the same shall in every case be underflobd, deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion and after the fame Rate to any greater or less Quantity than such specific Quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco and Snuff respectively taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and which shall from or after the said Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be taken out of any Warehouse wherein the same shall have been secured, to be consumed in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the Additional Duties respectively by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Tobacco \>r Snuff as the case may require, respectively imported, and such additional Duty shall be paid and payable by such Persons and in such manner as the Duties on such Tobacco or Snuff respectively are now payable by Law.

VII. And Whereas Contrafts or Agreements may have been made before the passing of this Act, by Dealers in Tobacco ot Snuff, upon which additional Duties are by this Act imposed for such Tobacco ot* Snuff respectively delivered after the said Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen 5 Be it therefore enacted, That such Dealers delivering such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, after the Day and Year last aforesaid, in pursuance of such Contrafts or Agreements, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, and paid or actually charged by any Officer of Excise,

13 fox-

3$° GFOftGII III.

G30.

for or in respect of such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, to the Price thereof* and shall be entitled by virtud of this Act to be paid for the same accordlhgfy.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, resist, oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers or .Authorities by this Act granted or any or either of them* every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence* forfeit andlofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Pines* Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall b6 foed for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fiqe* Penalty pr Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt* Bill^ Plant or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in she Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or fuse for the lame.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed* the necessary

- 1 of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall, from time to time be paid into the Receipt of

ti»te being* or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall, duripg the Continuance of this Act, cause a separate and di(lin& Account of the additional Duties granted by this Act to repared and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty fegopd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for direBing certain Public Accounts ta be laid annually befort Parliament y aid for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use; and the Monies ^riling frgtn th6 laid additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the PubHp Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of aay Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament. ., j

XII. And be it further enacted, That {his Act or any of the Provisions thereof, may be, altefed* ftried or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament. [Additional Duty On SvJiett repealed, pot. c. 63.T^.

XIII. And be it ntftl&f raided, That the Puties granted by this Act shall Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

continue in force until the

SCHEDULE to which* this Act feferi. SCHEDULE (A.) — DUTIES.

SWEETS.

For every Bafrel of Liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for $ale* by Infusion* Fermentation or otherwise* froth Fruit dr Stigaf, ot frbni Fruit or Sugar mixed with ant other Ingredient* or Materials whatsoever* commonly called Sweets* or called or distingufshed by the Name of Made ttfioefc -

[Duty on Sweets repealed, pofi. c. 65.]

tobacco And snuff.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into Great Britain - Eor every Pound Weight of Sriuff imported into Great Britain -

LICENCES.

For and noon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws in each case made and provided by the Makers, Matutfacturers, Traders* Dealers* Retailers and other Persons herein after mentioned* within Great Britain* to be paid by such Makers, Manufacturers* Traders, Dealers, Retailers of other Persons respectively* the several annual additional Sums herein after mentioned; that is to faj,

By every Person exercising the Trade or Bunness of an Auctioneer, for every such Licence Every Common Brewer of Table Beer* not being a Common Brewer of Strong Beer* for every such Licence -

Every Common Brewer who shall brew any Strong Beer, for every such Licence*

If the Quantity of Beer brewed by such Common Brewer within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year previous to taking out the Licence shall not exceed One thousand Barrels -

If die fame shall exceed One thousand Barrels and shall not exceed Two thousand Barrels If the same shall exceed Two thousand Barrels and shall not exceed Five thousand Barrels If the lame shall exceed Five thousand Barrels and shall not exceed Seven thousand five hundred' Barrels -

55 Geo. III. I

£. s. d

o 11 7i

003

003

060 1 © o

o 15 o 100 2 10 o

3 x5

Si

Obftni&wg, Ste. Officers.

[Penalty.]

Recovery, See. of Penalties.

Duties paid into Exchequer. Consolidated Fund.

Separate Accounts of Duties kept and bid before Parliament pursuant to 42 G. 3. c. 70.

Act altered, See.

Continuance of Duties*

SCHEDULE (A.) — DUTIES,

Common Brewer of Strong Beer, Licence — continued.

If the same shall exceed Seven thousand five hundred Barrels and shall not exceed Ten thousand Barrels -

If the same shall exceed Ten thousand Barrels and shall not exceed Twenty thousand Barrels If the same shall exceed Twenty thousand Barrels and shall not exceed Thirty thousand Barrels -

If the same shall exceed Thirty thousand Barrels and shall not exceed Forty thousand Barrels Or if the same shall exceed Forty thousand Barrels Every Person who shall first become a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, for every such Licence 158; and within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of July next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as with the said 15l. shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid, according to the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer brewed within the preceding Year -

Every Person who shall make any Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, for every such Licence -

Every Person who shall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who shall fell Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed in his, her or their House or Premises, for every such Licence Every Maker of Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles for Sale, for every such Licence Every Dealer in or Seller of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, not being a Maker of such Candles, for every such Licence - '

Every Chandler or Maker of Candles, other than Wax or Spermaceti Candles, for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Person trading in, vending or selling Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, for every such Licence -

Every Glass Maker for a Licence for each and every Glass House Every Tanner within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, for every such Licence Every other Tanner for every such Licence -

Every Tawer for every such Licence -

Every Dresser of Hides and Skins in Oil, for every such Licence -

Every Currier, for every such Licence -

Every Maker of Vellum or Parchment, for every such Licence

Every Malt ster or Maker of Malt for Sale, for every such Licence,

If the Quantity of Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year previous to taking out the Licence shall not exceed Fifty Quarters -

If the same shall exceed Fifty Quarters and shall not exceed One hundred Quarters If the same shall exceed One hundred Quarters and shall not exceed One hundred and fifty Quarters -

If the same shall exceed One hundred and fifty Quarters and shall not exceed Two hundred Quarters -

If the same shall exceed Two hundred Quarters and shall not exceed Two hundred and fifty Quarters -

If the same shall exceed Two hundred and fifty Quarters and shall not exceed Three hundred Quarters -

If the same shall exceed Three hundred Quarters and shall not exceed Three hundred and fifty Quarters -

If the lame shall exceed Three hundred and fifty Quarters and shall not exceed Four hundred Quarters -

If the same shall exceed Four hundred Quarters and shall not exceed Four hundred and fifty Quarters -

If the same shall exceed Four hundred and Fifty Quarters and shall not exceed Five hundred Quarters -

If the same shall exceed Five hundred Quarters and shall not exceed Five hundred and fifty Quarters -

Or if the same shall exceed Five hundred and fifty Quarters -

Every Person who shall first become a Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, for every such Licence 2s. 6d.; and within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of July next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as with the said is. 6d. shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid according to the Quantity of Malt made within the preceding Year -

Every Maker of Metheglin or Mead for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Maker of Paper or Pasteboard, and every Paper Stainer, for every such Licence -

£. / d.

5 O O

10 O O

5 O O

20 O O

25 O O

o 15 o

and a Surcharge.

2 2 0

6 0 0

0 10 6

IOO

° 5

IO O

5 o

2 10

1 o

2 O 2 O 1 O

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

026

050

076

o 10 o

0126

0 15 o 0176 100 126

1 5 o

i 7 6 1 10 o

026

and a Surcharge.

1 O O

2 0 0

Every Person trading in, vending or selling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Penny Weights and under Two Ounces in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Penny Weights and under Thirty Ounces in Weight in any one separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are, or shall be manufactured, for every such Licence -

Every Person trading in, vending or selling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold of the Weight of Two Ounces or upwards, or any Quantity of Silver of the Weight of Thirty Ounces or upwards in any one separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods is or shall be manufactured 5 and every Pawnbroker trading in, vending or selling Gold or Silver Plate, or Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold or Suvcr is or shall be manufactured, or taking in or delivering out Pawns of such Plate, Goods or Wares, and every Refiner of Gold or Silver, for every such Licence Every Calico Printer, and every Printer, Painter or Stainer of Silks, Linens, Cottons or Stuffs, for every such Licence -

Every Maker of Soap for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Difiiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or for Exportation within that Part of Great Britain called England, for every such Licence -

Every Re&ifier of Spirits within that Part of Great Britain called England, for every such Licence -

Every Dealer in Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, not being a Retailer, in any Part of Great Britain, or not being a Wholesale Seller of or Dealer in plain' Aqua Vita only, distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for every such Licence Every Person in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland who shall by Wholesale fell or deal in Spirits made and distilled from Malt, Com, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita, in that Part of the United Kingdom, not being a licensed Distiller, Re&ifier, Compounder or Retailer of Spirits, not being a Dealer in Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors duly licensed for that Purpose, in manner above mentioned, for every such Licence to fell plain Aqua Fit* only by Wholesale -

Every Retailer of distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vita only, made or distilled from British Materials, in that Part* of Great Britain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid.

If the Dwelling House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters at the time of taking out such Licence shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards If rated as aforesaid at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds - -'

If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds If at Thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty Pounds If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Fifty Pounds Or if at Fifty Pounds per Annum, or upwards -

Every Person who, within the Limits of any Royal Burgh of Barony or Regality in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of Scotland, other than within the

ahlands of Scotland, limited and described in the Acts in that case made and provided, retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Com, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita in that Part of the United Kingdom, for every such Licence to retail plain Aqua Vita only -

Every Person who shall retail such Spirits within the several Counties and Districts of the Highlands of Scotland, the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein excepted, for every such Licence -

Every Starch Maker, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid -

Every Maker of any Blind of Sweets or Made Wines, other than Mead for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Retailer of Britishi-made Wines or Sweets, for every such Licence ... Every Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for every such Licence,

If the Tobacco and Snuff Work, weighed by such Person for Manufacture within the Year ending on the Tenth Day of October previous to taking out the Licence, shall mot have exceeded Twenty thousand Pounds Weight -

2 6 o 1

5 15 o

10 o o

2 0 0

IO O O

5 0 0

5 00

300

2 11 2 15

2 19

3 3 3 7 3*

o

o

o

o

o

o

2 0 0

I Q O

5 0 0

5O O 24O

IOO

q.jo, js" GEORG3« Hi. A.D. 1815

SCHEDULE (A. — DUTIES, £ /. d.

Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, Licence — continue4* If the same shall have exceeded Twenty, thousand Pounds, and shall opt have exceeded Thirty thousand Pounds Weight ----- If the same shall have exceeded Thirty thousepd Pounds, and shall not have exceeded I IO O

Forty thousand Pounds Weight ----- If the lame shall have exceeded Forty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Fifty 2 0 0

thousand Pounds Weight - If the same shall have exceeded Fifty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Sixty 2 IO O

thou land Pounds Weight ----- If the same shall have exceeded Sixty thousand Pounds, and shall got have exceeded Se- 3 0 0

venty thousand Pounds Weight If the same shall have exceeded Seventy thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded 3 10 0

Eighty thousand Pounds Weight - - - If the same shall have exceeded Eighty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Ninety 4 0 0

thousand Pounds Weight ----- If the same shall have exceeded Ninety thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded One 4 10 0

hundred thousand Pounds Weight ----- If the same shall have exceeded One hundred thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded 500

One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Weight If the same shall have exceeded One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and shall not 600

have exceeded One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Weight ... If the same shall have exceeded One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Weight Every Person who shall first become a Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for every Licence jffi.; and within Ten Days after the Ten*h Day of October next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as with the said &i shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid, according to the Quantity of Tobacco and Snuff Work 0 0 0 0 2

weighed for Manufacture within the preceding Year Every Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco and Snuff within the Limits of the Chief Office of Ex-cile, in London, or of the Chief Office of Excise, in Edinburgh, for every such Licence Every Dealer in or Seller'of Tobacco or Snuff in any other Part of Great Britain, out of 100 and a Surcharge. O 5 O

the said Lifnits, for every such Licence Every Maker, of Vinegar, For every such Licence - Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for the retailing of Beer, Ale or other Exciseable Liquors, for every such Licence Q 2 6 IO 0 0

to retail Foreign Wipe ..... Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall have taken out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale and other Exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, C r IT*.'Ytr*" 5 4 0

for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for 4, 0

every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine ... Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale or other Exciseabl? Liquors, for every such Licence to 2 4 Q

retail Foreign Wine, - -.-Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have taken out a Licence for retailing beer. Ale or other Excusable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for detailing distilled Spirituous Lpquors or Strong Waters, for 3 6 8

every such Licence to retail. F oreignW ine - - Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have an Excise Licence for retailing* distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for 2 13 4

every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine Every Wire Drawer or other Person who shall draw or cause to be drawn any Gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire, in Great Britain, for every Licence to be taken out as 1 6 8

aforesaid 200

SCHE

55° GEORGII IIt C. 3^31:

SCHEDULE (B.) — DRAWBACKS <4)m'

TOBACCO.

1 t

For wrr Pound Weight of Short Cut Tobacco mamlfaddredat anvdf the Pbrta of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, of witMd Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties iraposed in respect thereof shall hare been paid and exported as Merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof* from such Ports to Foreign Parts

VW every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco so manufactured, and exported -

Foe every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco so manufactured, and exported -

For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufactured, and exported

A fttfthng amd Two fifth part* of a farthing.

) A fcaithiogamj One fifth Part of 1a Farthing.

A Fartbrog'tnd r Two fifth Part# f of a Farthing.

A Farthing and

One fifth Part of a Fmft in*.

(ft) [£« as to Drawback*, post. c. 129. § I — 5.].

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to amend certain Acts respecting the Exportation and Importation* of Sugar, and further to regulate the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles from certain Mtmds in the West Indus.

[2d May82$.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Schedule and Table of Drawbacks, Bounties and" Duties annexed 54-G. 3. c. si 4 W to an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to; Schedule.

pa A3 of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and' Bounties on Sugar ex- 1

borted are to be ascertained* ana fubJRtuting another in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation of Sugar* \

yoftee and other Articles* the Produce of Martiniaue, Mariegalante, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba,

fader the fame Duties and Regulations as ftmilar Articles of British Plantations* to continue until the Fifth Day '

4 of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen* Should be repealed, and that another Schedule and' Table

should be enacted in lieu thereof May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual' and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That^ repealed* from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Schedule annexed to thft fold recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof the Schedule to* Prorifo for tlria Ad annexed shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be Schedule cooftrned and taken to be the Schedule according to which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported from Great Britain shall be paid or allowed, except as herein after is provided.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bounty by this Act granted on Refined Sugary Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain, shall not take Effect, or be paid or allowed on any such Sugar which shall be exported after foipperi for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, but that the Cud Bounty on Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain shall be paid or allowed* on such Sugar only

as shall he entered and shipped for Exportation after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hnadred and fifteen; any thing contained in this Act or in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by, an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 49 G. 3. c. 98.

intituled An Act for rtpeahng the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting g other Duties in lieu thereof> the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea>- £ 8.

fury, or asy Three or more of them, are authorised to suspend the Payment of the additional Duties of Customs on Sugar granted by the said last recited Act, either in the Whole or in Part, whenever the Average Price of Sugar ascertained as directed by the last recited Act, and by another Act passed in the Forty ninth 49 G. 3. c. 43.

Year of His Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown or:

Muscovado Sugar, exchifiye of the Duty thereon* is to be ascertained under the Provisions of an Act passed in:

the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty'sshall be below the Prices mentioned in the said first recited Act;

of the Forty ninth Year aformid: And Whereas it 13 expedient, that during the Period of such Suspension

the Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equivalent

' Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Mimufadure of Great Britain,

md also the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other than to Ireland, '

mposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, should in like manner be suspended Be it therefore fur-

enacted, That whenever the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majestys Treasury During Suiptn-£r the time being, shall exercise the Power-vested in them, and shall according to the Directions of the said fion of Duty 00 Act suspend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed, it shall be lawful Su£ar* for them, and they are hereby authorized and required in like manner and for the like Period to suspend either sue^H mooned*1 the whole of the additional Countervailing Duties of Customs on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland from Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to suspended, &c. Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation

62

C. 3>.

55° GEORGII III.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

ation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other than to Ireland, imposed apd allowed by the said last recited Act, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended:

' Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary or.repeal the additional Bounty payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of Sugar being Double Refined, or to repeal the additional Bounties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of Refined Sugar, on account of the Temporary or War Duties imposed on Sugar: Provided always, that the last mentioned additional Bounties shall be calculated on the Amount of the Bounty to be paid or allowed under the Directions of this present Act, and according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, and not otherwise.

IV. And Whereas an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar was granted and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow for Two Tears from and after the passing of this Act, an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on

other Refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, crufbed or broken; and to allow for One Tear certain Bounties 1 on British Plantation'Raw Sugar exported; and which said additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar has been by several subsequent Acts continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And Whereas it is expedient, that the said additional Bounty should be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That the said additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar shall be further c. as. continued, continued until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

47 G.3. Sess.i. V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and c. aa- §11. fifteen, so much of the said recited Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in part repealed. a8 relates to the allowing or paying any Bounty on Refined Sugar deposited in Warehouses under the Regulations of the said recited Act before the Exportation of such Sugar, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to alter or repeal the Deduction heretofore made from the Bounty or Drawback to be paid on Sugar when exported from Great Britain, in any other than a British Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, as directed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifteenth Day of January One

Bounty on Double refined Sugar granted by 47 G. 3. Seff 1.

Deduction heretofore made from Bounty on Sugar exported in Vessels not British, not 10 be affected.

43 G. 3. c. 11. 13-

Drawbacks, &c. paid subject to lifting Regulations.

thousand eight hundred and four.

And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks and Bounties hereby granted shall be paid or allowed in such and the like manner in every respect, and subject and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this present Act), as any Drawbacks or Bounties on Sugar were paid or allowed before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Sugar, &c. of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Sugar, Coffee or other Articles, being of the Growth, Pro-Martinique, &c. duftion or Manufacture of any or either of the I (lands of Martinique, Mariegalante and Guadaloube, which warehoused be- have been or may be secured in Warehouses in Great Britain on or before the First Day of June One thou-delivered* out*on eight hundred and fifteen, and on which the Home Consumption Duties shall not have been paid, shall Payment of and may be delivered from any such Warehouse for Home Consumption on Payment of such and the like

Payment Dudes payable on Sugar of British Plantations, and exported on like Conditions.

Sugar, &c. of St.

Duties of Customs and Excise, and no other, as at the time any such Goods shall be so taken out of any such Warehouse shall be due and payable on the like Description of Goods, of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Plantations; and all such Sugar, Coffee or other Articles so imported before the said First Day of June shall on Exportation from Great Britain be subject to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks and Bounties, as the like Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or liable or entitled to.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred Eustatia, &c. ad- and fifteen, any Sugar, Coffee or other Articles being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any mitted to Entry or either of the Islands of Saint Eustatia, Saint Martins and Saba, imported into Great Britain, shall and likeDutiwas" ma7 during t^ie ^me Islands shall remain in the Possession of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, be Sugar of British admitted to Entry, on Payment of such and the like Duties of Customs and Excise, and no other, as are or Plantations, and may be due and payable on the like Articles of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plan-exported on like tations and all such Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, shall on Exportation from Great Britain, be subject to Conditions. such an(j tfoe like Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks and Bounties, as the like Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or liable or entitled to; and all such Goods so imported into Great Britain shall in every other respect be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, to which any such Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or liable to.

Duties on Raw X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred or Clayed Sugar and fifteen, the Duties of Customs, payable on Raw or Clayed Sugar of the Produce of the British Plan-toceale. tations, or of the Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupc, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba9

exported from the Warehouse in which any such Sugar shall have been secured on Importation into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Filth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or A£ki to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

£&* as to Ireland, pofl. r.37.]

14 SCHE

Exception.

Ad altered, &c.

SCHEDULE to which this A A refers.

Brown or Mtifcovado Sugar. Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar being Ground or Powdered Sugar..Bounty on Refined Sugar called Bastards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump, duly refined.

Whatever may be the Average Price of such Sugar. 20s. the Cwt. 20s. the Cwt. 348. the Cwt.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament with respect to the Duties on Sugar imported from the East Indies; and for further continuing, until the End of Six Weeks from and after the Expiration of any Act or Acts of Parliament continuing the Temporary or War Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain, certain Countervailing Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, on Refined Sugar.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing to Ante, t.3.

His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain 5 and on Pensions,

Offices and Personal Efates -

final Efates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen,

the federal Duties of Customs on Sugar imported into Great Britain, granted by an Act passed in the Forty

539-

1 ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Several Duties of Customs

chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof are respectively continued until the

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: And Whereas the Duties payable

by the said last recited Act upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the East Indies, had been repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, 54 G. 3. c. 36.

intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into § x*

' Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to

efialhjb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the ' Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament, to continue in force

9 until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and other Duties of Customs were Table (B.)

granted in lieu and instead of the Duties thereby repealed, and which Duties should have been continued

until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, instead of those granted by the said Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in respect of Sugar so imported into Great Britain from Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter: And Whereas the9Temporary or War Duties granted by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Fifty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty upon Sugar imported into Great Britain had been continued until the

Fifth Day of July_ One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, 54 G. 3. c. 64.

intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain9Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, as in Ante, c. 3. 539. say wife relates to the Duties of Customs payable on Sugar imported into Great Britain, shall be and the in part repealed, fame is hereby repealed 5 and, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred duties granted led fifteen, such of the said Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 0.3.

His present Majesty upon Sugar imported into Great Britain, other than from any Port or Place within the (Excepton)08*1 Limit* of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, Duties 13d such of the Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present granted by Majesty upon Sugar imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the said Limits, whether 54 c. 36. aaported by the Company or by Persons authorized to trade within such Limits, as fall under the Title and ^HVoirTEast Deferipuon of Permanent Duties, and which Duties have respectively been continued until the Twenty fifth 1^7 Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall, together with the said recited Acts of the Forty tinued. ninth and Fifty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty granting and continuing the fame, and all thr Provisions thereof, be and the same are hereby severally ana respectively further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen 5 and all Monies arising thereby shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be appropriated, applied and accounted for according to the Di-nxboos of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament*

64 C-3a>33'

53° GEORGII nL

Powers of

55 G. 3. c. 3. extended to Act.

43 G. 3. c. 70.

In.

43 O.3. c. 154.

Jx. 3-

44 G. 3. c. 53. f 8. 10. 12.

46 O. 3. c. 4». I 9* I*-

een turned. PronTo.

A.D. 181

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Powers, Authorities and Directions, respecting the Duti granted by the said recited Act of the present Sefikm of Parliament shall extend to and apply to the Duti hereby continued in as full and ample a manner as if the said Powers, Authorities and Directions had be< repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof.

III. And Whereas by several Acts made during the late Hostilities certain additional Bounties we

allowed upon Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain, and certain additional Countervailing Duties we payable on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain, ar

additional Drawbacks and Bounties were allowed upon the Exportation of Refined Sugar of the Manufadu

of Great Britain exported from thence to Ireland, and which said Bounties, Duties and Drawbacks, we: «allowed in consequence of certain additional Duties having been granted to His Majesty upon Sugar in ported into Great Britain during the War and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treai of Peace 5 and as the said additional Duties upon Sugar have been further continued until the Fifth Ds 4 of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it is expedient to continue the said Acts granting the fa

additional Countervailing Duties on the Importation into and allowing the additional Drawbacks and Bounti>

upon the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain Be it therefore enacted, That so much of < Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to Majesty, during the present War and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties t the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships ar, Feffels in Great Britain; and of another Act passed in the said Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefei

fajesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Countervailing Duties on the Importation in Great Britain of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks < Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain during the Cox tinuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fou a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fish from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coafi of Labrado into Great Britain and Ireland; and of another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of H present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War and for Six Months aft the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation < certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares and Merchandize brought < carried Coafi wife within Great Britain; and also of another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Rei^ of His present Majesty intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War and for Six Monti after the Expiration thereqf by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Good Wares and merchandize imported into and exported from or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britai as allowed additional Bounties upon Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain; and as granted addition Countervailing Duties upon Refined Susar of the Manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Grc Britain> and as allowed additional Drawbacks upon Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain e

Krted from thence to Ireland, for certain periods therein particularly mentioned, shall be and the lame ai teby continued from, and after the Expiration of the said Periods respectively, until the End of Six Weel from and after the Expiration of any Ad (a) or Acts of Parliament continuing the Temporary or War Duti upon Sugar imported into Great Britain: Provided always, that no additional Bounty or Drawback shall paid or avowed upon the Exportation of Refined Sugar under the Authority of this Act, unless all the Rule Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or imm diately before the passing of this Act, with respect to Drawbacks and Bounties payable on the Exportatk from Great Britain of Refined Sugar* shall have been duly complied with. [a) [See- pofi. c. 33.

CAP. XXXIII.

54 0.3. c. 6.

4*0. > C. 9* I 6.

War Duties of Customs on Import .tion of Goods continued.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen* certa Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares ai Merchandize. ( 2d May 1815

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitul An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Tex 1 porary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britai certain Duties of Customs, under the Title and Description of Temporary or War Duties, granted His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britax by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repeals the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and other subsequent Acts (b), are continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fiftee and it is expedient that the said Duties should be further continued; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The Kinj Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Co mens, in this nrefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respect Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, which by the said A of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were continued and made payable to Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, ft be Further continued, and he paid and made payable until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundi a^sixteen; save and except such of the said Duties as are charged on the Importation of Tobacco; and a (b) [50G.3. c. 77. J3. — 51 G. 3. C. 44. $6. — 51 G. 3. c. 67. $2.-51 G.3. f.93. $3* — c f3 — 52G.3. r.117. $2. — 53 G.3. r.33. $9. — 54 G. 3. c. 36. $52. J

12 {

A.D. 18ij.

55° GEORGII in.

c-33>34>35- 65

ftve and except fcch of the said Duties as are charged, on the Importation of Cotton Wool (a) in British-built Exception. Ships, owned, navigated and registered according- to Law, or from any of the Dominions of The Crown of fortes/ in a Poriugucfc Ship* (a) [&* at to Cotton Wool imported into Ireland* r.82. $ 10. pofi*]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and (even-- teen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 49 c.aj.

An Act to permit until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven* the c Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever; which Ad has been continued by Two

Acts of the Fifty first and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty until the Twenty fifth [51 G. 3. c. 14.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

" - - ^ne thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Day of March One thousand eight camintiet

the find Ad shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Da " '

hundred and seventeen.

CAP. XXXV.

Paid by Mina*' facturer.

An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tobacco in Ireland,

[ad May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign, '2

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the additional Duty of Excise on Tobacco

c herein after mentioned/ and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland* there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the additional Duty of Excise following; that is to say,

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, which, at any time or times after the Twenty second Day Duties of Excise of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be delivered out of any of His Majesty's Warehouses, or out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs for Manufacture in Ireland* an Excise Duty of Three pence British Currency, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; and to be charged on and paid by the rerson or Persons to whom the same shall be delivered for Manufacture at the time when the C^d Tobacco Audi be so delivered out of Warehouse $ which said Excise Duty shall be in Addition to all Duties of Excise granted on such Tobacco by any former Act (a) or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland

(a) [$« 53 G.3. <.57. #1.]

II. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland that in respect of the increased and additional Duties imposed on Tobacco imported into and Ireland* increased Countervailing Duties should be charged upon Tobacco and Snuff, the

Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain* imported from thence into If reland* sufficient to counter-

vail the said increased and additional Duties 5' Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty

fejamd Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be charged on all such Tobacco and Sanff, the Comtttrvaiting Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatsoever, payable upon such Tobacco or Snuff under or by virtue of any Ad (b) or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland iaunediatriy before the passing of this Act 5 that is to say, (I) [&t 53 G. 3. c.$7. §2

For nod upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, the Growth or Produce of Great Britain* the Sum of Three Shillings and Tfcro pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of British-manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco mami* hftnwd into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spatu/b* the Sum of Three Shillings and 'Nopence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of 2?r*-manufactured Shag Tobacco Cut, the Suxuof Two Shillings mb Nine pence:

For and upon trwdcy Pound Weight of Ari/^&.manufactured Roll Tobacco, the Sum of Three Shillings and Ttopend:

For and apoa every Pound Weight of AnV^-manufactured Carrot Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shilling# oiNnepesee:

Far aodapoo every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Arft^-raannfactured Tobacco not hereinbefore — iUusud or described, the Sum of Three Sm&ings and Two pence:

55 Geo. ILL. w.K For

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 67.

40 G. 3. (I.) c. 38.

Countervailing Duties to cease.

Countervailing

Duties.

66

douJF.

Drawback.

Drawbacks to ccafe.

Drawback instead of former Drawbacks on Tobacco manu-ft&ured in Ireland, exported to any other Place t^an G.B.

47 G. 3. SelT. 2, c. x6.

Drawbacka on

Exportation of Tobacco under 53 0-3- c. 57-§3. to remain with respect to Tobacco paying Duty under that Act, &c*

Additional Duties added to Coocra& Prices.

Duties, ftc. in British Cur-rcc cy. Consolidated Bund.

Duties, &c. how levied and paid.

14 & 15 Car. a. (I.) Sess. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. ic6. kc.

C. 35. 55° GEORGII IU. A.D. 1815

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of 2?W*&-manufactured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of Tw< Shillings and Seven pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of -manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Thro

Shillings and Eleven pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of itoV^-manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the Sum o! Two Shillings and Six pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of 2?n7^&-manufactured Stalk Flour, the Sum of Three Shillings anc Nine pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of 2?r/7//2>-manufactured Snuff, or Snuf Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Three Shillings and Eleven pence:

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, of any Tobacco or Snuff the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Connter vailing Duty hereby granted on Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britan respectively, and imported from thence into Ireland; and such Drawbacks shall be in lieu of all Drawbacki payable by virtue of or under any Act (a) or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing oi this Act, in respect of such Tobacco or Snuff exported from Ireland to Great Britain.

(n) [See 53\ G.$..57. §2.]

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all former (b) Drawbacks on Tobacco or Saul

manufactured in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be allowed upon al Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, which shall be so exported, as an increased Drawback or Compensation foi the Duty by Law charged and paid on Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it hath been manufactured, and for the Excise Duty charged thereon by Law, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence for every pound Weight of such manufactured Tobacco; and which said Drawback or Allowance shall be paid by the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District from which such Tobacco or Snuff shall be exported, out of any Money in his Hands, on such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from wnence the same shall be exported, as is required by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year oi His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to H'u Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thou fund eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise into and from Ireland, in case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in respect of any Internal Duty of Excise paid thereon. (£) [so* 53 G. 3. c. 57. §3.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks in respect of Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, and exported from thence to Great Britain, or clfe\vhere> allowed or made payable under or bj virtue of an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant tc His Majesty certain Duties of Excise in Ireland on Tobacco, shall remain and continue payable with respect tc such Tobacco which shall have paid the Duties imposed on Tobacco imported into Ireland, or on Tobaccc delivered for Manufacture in Ireland by the said recited Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Irclanc immediately before the passing of this Act, and with respect to Snuff manufactured from such Tobacco; anc which Tobacco or Snuff shall, after the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred anc fifteen, be exported from Ireland; and that the several and respective Drawbacks by this Act allowed anc made payable, shall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Tobacco or Snuff manufacturec therefrom as shall have paid the Duties imposed thereon by this Act, and by any Act (*) made or to be mad< in this present Session of Parliament, for imposing any Duties of Customs on Tobacco imported into Ireland which shall be in force in Ireland at any time after the passing of this Act. (*) [so* post. c. 36.3

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person who shall be charged or surcharged with anc liable to the additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco imposed by this Act, or any increased Duty on Tobaccc under any Act (d) passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, for granting a Duty of Customs 01 Tobacco in Ireland, shall at any time after the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred an< fifteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, have fold or contracted to fel any such Tbbacco, without charging the Buyer thereof with such additional or increased Duty, then and ii every such case the Seller of such Tobacco shall be allowed to add, and shall be entitled to recover from tb Buyer thereof, and the Buyer of such Tobacco shall pay to the Seller thereof, so much Money as will b< equivalent to all such additional or increased Duty as such Seller shall have been charged or surcharged with am liable to for such Tobacco, over and above the Duty of Customs and Excise payable on such Tobacco before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. (</) [so* post*c. 36.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted, allowed an< made payable, shall be paid and payable, according to the Amount thereof, in British Currency; and that th said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the said Dutie and Drawbacks shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, allowed, sued for, recovered and applied in fuc Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and acomrding to fuc Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed so the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the recoverin of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years c His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted; or in and by an Act mad in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Executio tf the several Acts relating to the Revenues} Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners c

U Cq/lozi

A.D. 181j. 55° GEORGII III. C. 35, 36. 67

Cu/hms most Pert Duties, and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of the Four- Appeal, teenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided; and that all and every Act and Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excise Former AAs an Tobacco, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things therein con- extended to tzined, shall extend, and be construed to extend to the raising, levying and collecting the new and additional Doty by this Act granted on Tobacco, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re*enacted in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts Ad ameadeJ, to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to grant to His Majesty a Duty of Customs on Tobacco imported into Ireland.

[ad May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty^ most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

YV Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, granted to

f Your Majesty, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to Your Majesty the Duty of Customs herein after mentioned, upon Tobacco imported into Ireland; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, hk Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as is herein after provided), without any Disconnt whatever, a Custom Duty of One Shilling British Currency upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which, at any time on or after the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, fall be imported into Ireland, and that the said Duty shall be in lieu of all Duties of Customs payable under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, immediately before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, --for or upon any Tobacco imported into Ireland, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, or from any other Parts beyond the Seas; and that all Duties of Customs on Tobacco and all Drawbacks in respect thereof, granted or allowed under or by virtue of any such Act or Acts (a), shall, from and after the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, ceale and determine, and be no longer paid or payable. (a) [&; 54 G.y cc. 103.120.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty by this Act granted shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency 5 and that the said Duty shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty by this Act granted on Tobacco imported into Ireland fall be charged and payable on all such Tobacco as shall not have been entered on or before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid on or before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, notwithstanding such Tobacco may have been imported into Ireland before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or before the passing of this Act.

Duty on Tobacco.

Former Duties to cease.

Duty in Britlflt Currency.' Consolidated Fund.

Duty payable on Tobacco not entered on or before March IS,

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Duty granted, mentioned and set forth in Duty payable on this Act, shall be charged and payable on all such Tobacco, as having been imported into Ireland shall have Tobacco secured been or shall be warehoused, or shall have been secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof

[Proviso.]

laving been first paid, and shall remain or shall have remained so warehoused or secured on or after the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in pursuance or by Authority of any jgjj. 1 Act or Acts of Parliament in force for that Purpose, although such Tobacco may have been imported before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen 2 Provided always, that such

Duty shall not be charged or payable on any such Tobacco until the time when the Duties, which such Tobacco fall have been subject to before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, would have been payable by Law.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, 'That in all cases where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the DutT feettrefl Importation of Tobacco into Ireland, are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise by virtue of any Ad

or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, at the time of such Importation, the Duty by this Act granted or xiposed may in like manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty in and by this Act granted, mentioned and specified shall Dufy how be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, lcv, e* and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Rules and Directions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and manag-

iagof Duties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in


14 & 15 Car. a.

(i.) Self 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

ice.

Appeal

Act amended, Sec.

54 G. 3. c. 100. Schedule.

repealed.

Proviso for Schedule to Act.

Refined Sugar exported after May 5, Bounty.

47 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. 19. continued.

Exception.

Proviso for Double refined Sugar.

Deduction made from Bounty on Sugar exported in yeflTel* t.ot British, not Xffefted.

47 G. 3. SeflT. I c. 19. §4.

Drawbacks, Sec. paid in British Currency, subject to Regulations in force.

Sugar, Sec. of Growth of Martinique, &c. warehoused before June 1,

C. 36, 37. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charlet the Second, intitulec 4n A8 for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Boo i of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign intituled An Act toprovide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters am Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners Oj Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as i: the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed anc enacted; with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said Ac passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, o: m and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Asti to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to amend several Acts respecting the Exportation and Importation of Sugar into and fronr

Ireland; and further to regulate the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles

from certain Islands in the West Indies. [ad May 1815.'

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Schedule and Table of Drawbacks, Bounties and Duties annexec

to an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed ti«an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugat

exported from Ireland are to be ascertained, and to substitute another Schedule in lieu thereof; and to permit the 1 Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariegalante

Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, under the fame Duties and Regulations as ftmilai

Articles of the British Plantations, to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred am

fifteen, should be repealed, and that another Schedule and Table should be enacted in lieu thereof; ' May il therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excelleni Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thii present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of Maj One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Schedule annexed to the said recited Act shall be and the fame 11 hereby repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, from and aftei the said Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be construed and taken to be the Schedule according to which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported from Ireland, shall be paid or allowed except as herein after is provided. k

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bounty by this Act granted on Refined Sugai exported from Ireland shall not take Effect, or be paid or allowed on any such Sugar which shall be shippec for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, but that the laic Bounty on Refined Sugar exported from Ireland shall be paid or allowed on such Sugar only as shall be enterec and shipped for Exportation after the said Fifth Day 01 May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; an} thing contained in this Act or in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland 5 and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, unti the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and which by several Acts was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and remain ii force until the same shall be altered or repealed, except only so far as relates to the allowing British Plan tation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, and except as the said recited Act is amended by this Act, or b] any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, from and after the passing of this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary or repeal the additional Bounty payable on the Exportation from Ireland, of Sugar being Double Refined.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extern to alter or repeal the Deduction heretofore made, from the Bounty or Drawback to be paid on Sugar whei exported from Ireland, in any other than a British Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law as directed by the said Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitule* An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar froi Ireland $ and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day 0 March One thousand eight hundred and eight.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks and Bounties by this Act and the Schedul thereto annexed granted, shall be paid or allowed according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, an in such and the like Manner, and subject and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictiom Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this present Act), as any Drawbacks c Bounties on Sugar were paid or allowed before the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Sugar, Coffee or other Articles, being the Growth, Productic or Manufacture of any or either of the Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante and Guadaloupe, which have bee or may be secured in Warehouses in Ireland on or before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundre and fifteen, and on which the Home Consumption Duties shall not have been paid, shall and may be delivere

15 fro

A.D. 181j. s$° GEORGII IIt C. 37, 38. 69

from any such Warehouse, for Home Consumption, on Payment of such and the like Duties of Customs and 1815, delivered Excise, and no other, as at the time when any such Goods shall be so taken out of any such Warehouse shall <*ut on Payment be due and payable on the like Description of Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British °b!^ on^ifaTof Plantations? and that all such Sugar, Coffee or other Articles so imported before the Fifth Day of April British Plslnta-One thousand eight hundred and fifteen shall, on Exportation from Ireland, be subject to such and the like lions, and ex-Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks and Bounties, as the lilce Articles, being of the Growth, ported on like Production or Manufacture of the Britjb Plantations, are or may be subject pr liable or entiued to Conditions.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and Sugar, See. of fifteen, any Sugar, Coffee or other Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any or &c*

schher of the I Hands of Saint Euflatia, Saint Martins and Saba, imported into Ireland, shall and may, during £mryo^Pay-the time such islands shall remain in the Possession of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, be admitted to mentoflike Entry on Payment of such and the like Duties of Customs and Excise, and no other, as are or may be due Duties as Sugar and payable on the like Articles of the Growth, Production or ManufactUre of the British Plantations; and of British Plan-all such Sugar, Coffee and other Articles shall, on Exportation from Ireland, be subject to such and the like

Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks and Bounties, as the like Articles, being of the Growth, ^onditbns1*Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or liable or entitled to; and all such Goods so imported into Ireland shall, in every other respect, be subject and liable to all and every the Holes, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions to which any such Articles, being of the Growth, Pro* dnftion or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or liable to.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hun- Duties on Raw died and Fifteen, the Duties of Customs (a) payable in Ireland on Raw or Clayed Sugar of the Produce toce^.edSugar of the BritUb Plantations, or of the islands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Euflatia, Saint ° Ce e* Martin ana Saba, exported from the Warehouse in which any such Sugar shall have been secured on Importation into Ireland, shall cease and determine, save and except in ml cases relating to the recovering or Exception.

£ying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said Fifth Day of May One thousand eight ndred and Fifteen, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall hate been incurred at any time before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

(a) [See 54 G. 3. c. 129. Set. (B.)]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this A Cl may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to Act altered, ft c. be pafiTed in this Session of Parliament.

as to Great Britain, ante, c. 31.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

I Brown or 1 Mufvovado Sugar. Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it is imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar being Ground or Powdered Sugar. Bounty on Refined Sugar called Bafiards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.

Whatever may be the Average Pnce of such Sugar. British Currency. £ s. dm 196 the Cwt. British Currency. £m /. dm 19 6 the Cwt. British Currency. A'/ dm 2 IO the Cwt.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as directs that no Bleaching Powder, made in Ireland and brought into Scotland, should be removed into England.

[2d May 1815O

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to impose a Conn- 54 0.3. 0.183. 4 V\ tervailing Duty of Excise on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland, it was enacted, that no 56.*

Bleaching Powder made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland,

should be removed or carried from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, on Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Calk or other Package containing the fame, and also the Boat, Vessel,

Cart, Carriage and all Cattle used in such Removal or Carriage thereof: And Whereas it is expedient to 1 repeal the recited Provision of the said Act Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent ihjesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as directs that oo Bleaching Powder, made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, should be removed or carried from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, on Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Cask or other Package containing the fame, and also the Vessel, Boat,

Cart, Carriage and all Cattle used in such Removal or Carriage thereof, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed. [The whole Ad repealed, pofl. c. 66. §34.} repealed.

CAP»

I

7°

46 G. 3. c. 41.

*9 0.3. c. 53. §4 — 7. revived and continued.

4 % G. 3. c. 44. 44 G. 3. c. 35.3-

46 G. 3. c. 49.

§5.

48 G. 3. c. 40.

11

50 G. 3. c. II.

46 G. 3. c. 9. continued.

C. 39, 40, 41. 55 GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries 3 anc to the allowing Vessels employed in the said Fimeries to complete their full Number of Mer ac certain Ports.

[2d May 1815/

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial and it is expedient that the fame should be revived and further continued; Be it therefore enactec by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritua and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same That an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Support and Encouragement'of the Fisher'tes carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straight* which was to be in force for Five Years, from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and also so much of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of Hii present Majesty, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland anc Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights which, by an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended anc continued until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and whicl were by several subsequent Acts (a) further continued 5 and by Two Acts passed in the Forty second and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty were amended and further continued; and b) Three Acts, of the Forty sixth, Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be revived and the fame is hereby revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and shall be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty. (a) [32 G. 3.C. 22. — 38 G.3. r.35. $4. — 39G.3. r. 101. §1. — 39 £3* 40G. 3. r.45. §9.

- +iG.$.(U.K.) r.97. $2.]

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace> Vessels cm* ployed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports, (half be and the fame is hereby revived, from the Expiration thereof, and shall be continued from thence until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. XL.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions three hundred and twenty three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[2d May 1815.]

u IRISH Treasury may issue JJills to a certain Extent to bear Interest. fi. Bills issued not to exceed 4i 2, 323, 750l. Irish Currency. Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland\ 44 after such time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Interest shall ccafe. §2, 3. Money to be carried tc " the Irish Consolidated Fund. 64. Bills to be chargeable thereon. §5. Bank of Ireland may advance u the Sum of 2, 323, 750l. Irish Currency on Credit of Act. §6.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Rellriftion imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign o;

*5*«W His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited Ftme the Rejlrtdion.

' contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven x.*on Payments in Cash by the Bani> it is, amongst other things, enacted, that it shall not be lawful lor the

Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to issue any Calli in Payment of any Debt or Demand what 110.*ever, except according to the Provision therein contained; and that the said Act shall be in force and hav<

Continuance until Three Months after the Rellriftion iraposed by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britaii on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from issuing Calli in Payment shall cease, unless tin f Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland Should by an Order of Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England Should sooner cease: And Whereas by an Act 43 G.3. €.44-«passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in th^ Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, tin

said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland was amended and further continued; and by Two Acts mad

[44 G.3. c 41. 4 in the Forty fourth and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, both the said recited Acts wen 54 G. 3. c. 13° 3 4 further continued: And Whereas it is expedient to continue for a further time the said recited Acts of tin Thirty seventh and Forty third Years aforesaid; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may bi enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent o the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

A.D. 1815> 55° GEORGII III. C. 41, 42. 71

of the {mine, That the Cud recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty third Years of His present MajestyV continued until Reign (Kali lute Continuance until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after any Restriction imposed Expiration of or to be imposed by any Act (a) made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament on the Governor Three Month* and Company of the Bank of England from iffuingCafh in Payments shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland shall, by an Order of Council, gLlaid. dtred that the said Reflri&ion on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall sooner cease. Exaction.

(a) ISec ante, c. 28.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes. [ad May 1815.]

WHEREAS Trial by Jury in Civil Causes would be attended with beneficial Effects to the Admi-

niftfation of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland; but it it expedient, that such Trials for a time to be limited, should in the First Instance be confined 1 to Issues directed by either Division of the Court of Session May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as soon as by virtue and under the Authority of this Act His Majesty shall Court of Seflico appoint Judges to form a Court for the Trial of Issues in Civil Causes, it shall and may be lawful for either empowered to Division of the Court of Session, in all cases that may be brought before them during the Continuance of this dlre& , ffues* Act, wherein Matters of Fa& are to be proved, to order and direct, by Special Interlocutor, such Issues as may appear to them expedient for the due Administration of Justice, to be sent to the said Court, that such Issues may be there tried by a Jury in manner herein after directed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases as aforesaid wherein a Lord Or- Lord Ordinary.diomry shall fee Cause for Issues to be directed to be tried by a Jury, he shall take the Cause verbally to to rapon for this report to the Division of the Court to which such Ordinary belongs, 10 that the said Division may determine

whether such Issue shall be sent to the said Court to be tried by a Jury, or shall dispose of the Cause, as in Manner and Form as at present practised.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judge ProvUofor

of the Court of Admiralty to report in Writing to either of the Divisions of the Court of Session, the circum- Judg« Court' fiances of every Case that appears to him to be a Case in which an Issue should be directed to be tried by a Admiralty. Jury, in order that the Division may direct such I flue, or order the Cause to proceed in Manner and Form as ml present practised.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be competent, either by Re- Interlocutor

claiming Petition or Appeal to the House of Lords, to question any Interlocutor granting or refusing such SJj11Trial "not Trial by Jury. q portioned

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Issues referred by the Court of jffuc#for Re_

Session to be tried by a Jury in Causes wherein the Summons concludes for Reparation by Pecuniary Damages, p«ration in pe-the Jury, if they shall find a Verdict for the Pursuer, shall also assess the Damages. cuniary Da-

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases in which an Issue or Issues mages.

shall have been directed to be tried by a Jury, it shall be lawful and competent for the Party who is diffatia- J^I*'*how

fied with the Verdict to apply to the Division of the Court of Session which directed the Issue for a riew*'.

Trial, on the ground of the Verdict being contrary to Evidence, on the ground of Misdirection of the Judge,

cm the ground of the undue Admission or Rejection of Evidence, on the ground of Excess of Damages, or of

[Proviso.]

Res noviter veniens ad Notitiam, or for such other Cause as is essential to the Justice of the Case: Provided also, that such Interlocutor granting or refusing a new Trial shall not be subject to Review, by Reclaiming

Petition or by Appeal to the House of Lords.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent to the Counsel for Exception any Party at the Trial of any Issue or Issues, to except to the Opinion and Direction of the Judge or Judges uken* before whom the lame shall be tried, either as to the Competency of Witnesses, the Admissibility of Evidence,

or other Matter of Law arising at the Trial; and that on such Exception being taken, the same shall be put in Writing by the Counsel for the Party objecting, and signed by the Judge or Judges; but notwithstanding the said Exception, the Trial shall proceed, and the Jury shall give a Verdict therein for the Pursuer or Defender, and assess Damages when necessary; and after the Trial of every such Issue or Issues, the Judge whoprefided shall forthwith present the said Exception, with the Order or Interlocutor directing such I flue or Issues, and a Copy of the Verdict of the Jury indorsed thereon, to the Division by which the said Issue or lines were directea, which Division shall thereupon order the said Exception to be heard in prefenqfe on or before the Fourth Sederunt Day thereafter 5 and in case the said Division shall allow the said Exception, they &alldirect another Jury to be summoned for the Trial of the said Issue or Issues, or if the Exception shall be O&fiowed, the Verdict shall be final and conclusive as herein after mentioned: Provided always, that it shall Appeal to the be competent to the Party against whom any Interlocutor shall be pronounced on the Matter of the Exception, Lords* to appeal from such Interlocutor to the House of Lords, attaching a Copy of the Exception to the Petition of Appeal, certified by One of the Clerks of Session; so as such Appeal shall be presented to the House of Lord* within Fourteen Days after the Interlocutor shall have been pronounced, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not be fitting, then within Eight Days after the Commencement of the next SdBoa of Parliament, but not afterwards? and so as the Proceedings on such Appeal do conform in all

respecta

Judgment thereupon, or refilling new Trial, not questioned.

Power of Review of Judgment in point of Law,

Commissionen of Jury Court appointed.

Prorifo.

Of whom compared.

Salaries paid.

7 Ann. c*xi. § xo.

io Ann, c. 26. $ 108.

Issues tried before all or any of Three Judges.

How Commissioners to vote.

Where IHues tried.

Attendance of Witnesses.

C42. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815

gffpeds to the Rules and Regulations established respecting Appeals 7 and every such Appeal shall b appointed to be heard on or before the Fourth Cause Day after the time limited for laying the printed Case in such Appeal upon the Table of the House of Lords; and upon the Hearing of such Append, the Hous of Lords shall give such Judgment regarding the farther Proceedings, either by directing a new Trial tQ b had, or otherwise, as the case may require.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if a new Trial shall not be applied for, c shall be refused, or if the Exception taken to the Opinion and Direction of the Judge or Judges shall be dii allowed, the Verdict shall be final and conclusive as to the Fa d or Fads found by the Jury, and shall be f taken and considered by the Court of Session or by the Judge Admiral respectively in pronouncing their Judgment, and shall not be liable to be questioned any where.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein the Coui shall pronounce a Judgment in point of Law, as applicable to or arising out of the Finding by the Verdict, shall be lawful and competent for the Party dissatisfied with the said Judgment in point of Law, to bring th fame under Review, either by Representation or Reclaiming Petition, or by Appeal to the House of Lord or where the Judge Admiral shall have pronounced Judgment in point of Law on the Verdict, it shall b lawful and competent for the Party or Parties to bring the fame under the Review of the Court of Sessio as heretofore.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the passing of this Act shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to nominate and appoint, by Commission under th Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union (a) to be kept and used in that Part of the United Kingdom calle Scotland, instead of the Great Seal thereof. One Chief Judge, and Two other Judges, before whom the Tris of I flues may be had and take place, to be called u The Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court in Civil Causes, and to hold their said Offices ad vitam if this or any other Act under which they shall be Commissioners shall f long continue, or ad culpam; and in case of future Vacancies in the said Commission, the same shall be filled u by a Letter from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, directed to the President and Senators of the Colleg of Justice; Provided always and nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Su< cessors, to remove the said Judges on an Address from both Houses of Parliament,

(a) [5 £sf 6 Ann. c. 8. Art. 24.]

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons so to be nominated shall be Senator of the College of Justice, or Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, and that they shall always b at the time of their Nomination qualified to be Senators of the College of Justice.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall an may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Continuance of this Act, to order an direct to be issued and paid in every Year by Quarterly Payments, out of the Monies that shall arise from an of the Duties and Revenues in that Part ot Great Britain called Scotland'y which by the Several Acts made i the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne were made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries an other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for keeping up the Court of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds; out of which Sum c Seven thousand Pounds there shall be paid and applied as Salary to the Chief Commissioner of the Jury Courl such Sum Yearly in Addition to the Salary which he may receive as a Senator of the College of Justice, as Lord Commissioner of the Court of Justiciary, or as a Baron of the Court of Exchequer, as will make hi Salary equal to the full Salary of the Lord Justice Clerk 5 and that there shall be paid and applied out of the fai Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, a Salary of Six hundred Pounds yearly to each of the Two other Corr missioners, in Addition to the Salaries which they may receive as Senators of the College of Justice, as Core missioners of the Court of Justiciary, or as Barons of the Court of Exchequer; and that of the said Sum c Seven thousand Pounds, the Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds shall be applied in Payment of th Salaries of the Clerks and other Officers of the said Jury Court, and be divided in such Proportions as Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall direct and appoint 5 and that the Remainder of the said Sum of Seve thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be certified by the Chief Commissioner to the Court of Excheque to be requisite, shall be applied in defraying the Expences attending the Court and Circuits, the Application which last mentioned Sum shall be accounted for in the Exchequer of Scotland.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trial of all Issues may be had and tak place, and shall be good and effectual in the Law, whether the fame is conducted in Presence of One or moi than One of the said Three Commissioners; and in all cases in which the Chief Commissioner shall be prefer such Chief Commissioner shall be the Presiding Judge, and in his Absence, if the Two other Commissioners fha be present, such of the Two other Commissioners shall be the Presiding Judge as shall be first named in the fai Commission, and afterwards in the Order of their Appointment.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases in which the said Three Commissioners shall be present in Court, and any Difference of Opinion shall arise, the Matter shall be determine by the Majority; but when Two of the said Commissioners are present in Court, and they shall differ in Opinioi then the Matter shall be determined by the Judge presiding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to try fuc Issues at Edinburgh in time of Session; and also in time of Vacation at Edinburgh, and at such Circu Towns, as in the Opinion of the said Court of Commissioners the circumstances of the case may require, 1 such time in the Spring and Autumn Vacations immediately after such Issue is directed as they mail appoin

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Jury Court to grai Warrant for citing Witnesses and Havers, who shall attend and may be compelled to attend and be examine

JK

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III.

c.i+fl yj

upon Oath, before the Jury Court when required, in the same manner that Witnesses and Havers* do attemf or.v.

may be compelled to attend for the Purpose of Examination upon Oath by the Court of Session.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That after the Trial of every such Issue or I flues, the Judge who presidect Verdidh ho w shall forthwith make a Return to the Division or Lord Ordinary which directed the Issue of the Order or r*turQed-Interlocutor, directing such Issue or Issues, with a Copy of the Verdict of the Jury indorsed thereon, certified by his Signature to be a true Copy; and that the said Presiding Judge shall also, when required by such Division, deliver to them a Report in Writing of the Evidence adduced and given on the Trial of such Issue, '

[Proviso.]

as taken down by him at the time, and of the Directions, if any, in point of Law; and the said indorsed Copy' of the Verdi & and the Report of the Proceedings on such Trial shall be conclusive of what passed on such Trial: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Presiding Judge to make such Return directly to - r the Judge Admiral where the Issue shall have been directed upon his Report.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commis- Presiding Judre' fiooer or Commissioners who shall have presided at the Trial of the Issue, to attend the Division of the Court "py attend Di-of Session pending the Consideration of the Motion, or Petition for a new Trial, and then and there to

give such Explanation of what passed at the Trial, as to the said Commissioner or Commissionen may seem ^pr^i_°n or new fit or necessary.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the House of House of Lords

Lords, in remitting to the Court of Session any Cause which is now or shall hereafter come before the said " House by Appeal from the said Court of Session, to instruct the Division of the said Court of Session to 1 ues*'r

which the Cause is remitted, to order and direct such Issue or Issues as the said House of Lords shall think,

fit, to be transmited to the said Commissioners, for the Purpose of being tried by a Jury in manner directed by this Act; subject nevertheless to such Rules and Regulations as are contained with respect to Remits

in an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act concerning8 <*.3. c. 15u the Admtniflration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Jury shall be summoned for the Trial Common Jury of such Issues as aforesaid, in the same manner as the Jury is at present summoned to the High Court of Summo"* Judiciary; and that such Summons shall issue by virtue of an Authority or Precept signed by the Clerk of tb*

Jury Coart; and that immediately upon Receipt of the said Authority or Precept, the Sheriff, Stewart or other Officer or Officers employed to return Juries to the High Court of Judiciary, shall make out a List containing the Christian and Surnames, Additions and Places of Abode of a competent Number of Persons qualified to serve as Jurors, and shall return the said Lift to the Clerk of the Jury Court, annexed to the said Authority or Precept, without Delay, the Names of the fame Persons being always inserted in the Lifts annexed to each Authority or Precept issued by the Clerk of the Jury Court in manner aforesaid 5 which Number of Jurors shall not be less than Thirty fix in any County, City, Town or Place, nor more than Fifty; and that the Persons named in the said Lifts shall be summoned to serve as Jurors for the Trial of such Issues within the Counties, Cities, Towns or Places named in such Authorities or Precepts respectively, and no others.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of the Jury Court shall cause the Name of each-and Common Jury every Person who shall be included in the said Lifts, and summoned as aforesaid, with his Addition and Place of his Abode, to be written on several and distinct Pieces of Parchment or Paper, being all aft near as may be of equal Size and Bigness, and shall cause the said Pieces of Parchment or Paper to be rolled up as near as may be in the same manner, and to be put together in a Box or Glass provided for that Purpose 5 and when any Issue shall be called on to be tried, some indifferent Person by Direction of the Presiding Judge of the said Jury Court may and shall in open Court draw out the said Parchments and Papers one by one; and if any of the Persons whose Names shall be so drawn shall not appear, or be challenged and set aside, then such farther Number, until Twelve Persons be drawn who shall appear 5 and after all Causes of Challenge shall be allowed or disallowed, the said Twelve Persons so first drawn and appearing, and approved as indifferent, their Names being marked in the Lift, and they being sworn, shall be the Jury to try the said Issue; and the Names of the Persons so drawn and sworn shall be kept apart by themselves in some other Box or Glass to be kept for that Purpose, till such Jury shall have given in their Verdict, and the fame is recorded, or until the Jury shall by the Consent of the Parties or Leave of the Court he discharged, and then the fame Names shall be rolled up again and returned to the former Box or Glass, there to be kept with the other Names remaining at that time undrawn, and so toties quoties as long as any Issue remains then to be tried: Provided always, that in.Provifa. challenging the Jurors, it shall be lawful for each Party to have any Four Challenges allowed without assigning any Cause, the Challenges for Cause assigned (if any) being first made respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons whose Name or Names shall be so drawn Fi*s on Jurors as aforesaid, or who shall be summoned as a Special Juror or Special Jurors as after mentioned, and who shall making Default, not appear after being openly called Three Times, upon Oath made by some credible Person that such Person

so making Default had been lawfully summoned, shall forfeit and pay for every Default in not appearing upon Call as aforesaid (unless some reasonable Cause of his Absence be proved by Oath or Affidavit to the Satisfaction of the Court or Commissioner who fits to try the said Issues) such Fine or Fines, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and not less than Forty Shillings, as the Court or Commissioner shall think reason- Penalty, able to inflict or assess for such Default.

XXIII. Provided always, That if the Trial of any Issue shall be brought on in the said Jury Court, before Jury sworn the Jury in any other Issue shall have brought in their Verdict or be discharged, it shall and may be lawful for though former the Court to order Twelve of the Residue of the said Parchments or Papers, not containing the Names of any ^duot tf the Jurors who shall not have so brought in their Verdict, or be discharged, to be drawn in such manner as e 4

is aforesaid, for the Trial of the Issue which shall be so brought on to be tried.

55 Geo. III. L XXIV. And

74

Special Jny,

Protfx

liftof PWfora qualified to be Special Jury*

C. 42.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Jurymen ho# returned, t Sit.

Notice of Uniting Jury given.

Prot Uo.

Tales.

Juryman celled and not appearing.

Fine.

View.

t Si#.

by a Jury (jpecially chosen from Persons paying Cess in the County, City, Town or Place from which fuel Jury shall be taken, upon One hundred Pounds of valued Rent, or paying Assessed Taxes to The Crown on i House of the Rent of Thirty Pounds Sterling by the Year; the persons so qualified as Special Jurymen t< be returned as herein enacted as to the Common Juries: Provided always, that it shall not be competent t< qoefhon any Order or Interlocutor for the Unking of any Jury, by Reclaiming Petition or Appeal to the House of Lords.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to secure the Return o Jurymen qualified to be Special Jurymen as hereinbefore provided, the Sheriff, Stewart, or proper Officer 01 Officers employed to return Juries to the High Court of Judiciary, shall, immediately after the passing of thi Ail, and afterwards on or before the First Day in the Month of January in each Year, make up a Roll of al Pfcribns within their Districts so qualified as Special Jurymen in the immediately preceding Year, by paying Cess in the County, City or Town in which such Persons reside, upon One hundred Pounds of valued Rent, 01 paying Taxes to The Crown on a House of Thirty Pounds Sterling by the Year; and shall return die £ai< Lift to the Clerk of the Jury Court on or before the Thirty first Day of the said Month.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Number of qualified Persons to lx returned by the Sheriff or Steward f as Special Jurymen to try any Issue, shall be Thirty fix; and the Names o the said Thirty six Persons shall be returned to the Clerk of the Jury Court, and shall by him be annexed to tin Order or Interlocutor directing the Issue to be tried by a Special Jury.

XXVII. And be it further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Jur] Court shall form an exact Copy of the said Lift of Thirty six Persons so returned by the Sheriff or Stewart and when the Day of Trial has been fixed by the said Commissioners, he shall give due Notice to the Agent and Counsel of the Parties to attend him at a Time and Place to be specified in said Notice, which the Agenti or Counsel of the Parties are hereby required to do 5 and the said Agents or Counsel shall, in the Presence o the said Clerk, alternately beginning with the Pursuer, strike off one from the said Lift, until the Number o Jurymen is reduced to Twenty, which Twenty only shall be summoned to attend the Court on the Day o Trial*and if either of the Parties, their Agents or Counsel, shall fail to attend, after such Notice duly fervec on them, then the other Party attending shall proceed to strike off One from the said Lift, and the Clerk oi Court (kali strike off One alternately: Provided always, that Twenty Names be left on the Lift to be sum mooed to attend the Trial; and the Jury for trying the said Issue shall consist of such Twelve of the faic Twenty as shall first appear on the Names being called over in Court to try the Issue.

XX V

III. And be it further enacted, That where a full Jury shall not appear before the said Jury Court 01 elsewhere, after Challenge by either of the Parties, and the Jury is like to remain untaken for default of Jurors it shall be lawful for the said Court, or the Commissioner before whom any Issue is to be tried, to direct the Sheriff or other Officer or Officers who summoned the said Jury, upon Request made by either Party, to add t< the Lift of the said Jury the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons of the County, City, Town ©i Place, where the Issue is to be tried, who shall be inserted in some other Lift of the Jurors, and who shall thei be attending the Court where such Trial is to be had, to serve upon such Jury, and not any others, if f< many out of the said other Lift be present in Court, or can there be found, and that either of the Parties, Pur fatr and Defender, may have his Challenge to the Juror or Jurors so named and added to the former origina Lift, in such wife as if he or they had been originally included in the said Lift of Jurors for the Trial of fuel Issue; and that the said Court or Commissioner who fits to try such Issue shall and may proceed to the Tria thereof with those Persons whose Names were originally inserted in the said Lift of Jurors, together with th Person or Persons whose Names have been so added to the original Lift of Jurors as aforesaid, in the fame man eras the said Court or Commissioner might and ought to have done if all the said Jurors, whose Notks wer inserted in the said original Lift, had appeared to try such Issue; and in case any Person or Persons so adde< to the said Lift of Jurors as aforesaid, and who shall have been present at that time, shall be csdJed and nc appear, or after his or their Appearance shall wilfully withdraw himself or themselves fropv the said Service then and in every such case the said Jury Court shall and may set a Fine upon every such Perfyji makip Default or wilfully withdrawing himself, such Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, nor lei than the Sum of Forty Shillings, as the said Jury Court shall think reasonable.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when it shall appear that it will be proper and necessary that th Jurors who are to try such Issues as aforesaid Should have the View of the Houses, Lands or Places i question^ in order to their better understanding the Evidence that will be given upon the, Trial of such Issuei in every such case it shall be lawful for either Division of the said Court of Session by the Special Interk cutor by which such Issue is directed, or for the said Jury Court, to order that a View, Ifiould be allowed and in every case where such View is allowed as aforesaid, Six of the Jurors named in the said Lift* or ^un moned as Special Jurors, or more, who shall be mutually consented to by the Parties pr their Agents both Sides, and if the Parties cannot agree. Six or more of the First Twelve on the, Lift of Jurors returnc by the Sheriff, Stewart, or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid, shall have the View, ?nd shall be fir sworn, or such of them as shall appear upon the Jury to try the Issue before any Drawing as aforesaid, ai so many only shall be drawn to be added to Viewers who appear, as shall, after all Defaulters' and .Challeng allowed, f to make up the Number of Twelve, to be sworn for the Trial of the said Issue; and, it shall ar may be lawful for the said Jury Court, and they are hereby required in every such case by an Authority < Precept signed by the Clerk of the Jury Court, to order and direct the Sheriff qr^.Oftfocr qr Officer

11 wl

A.D. 181j. J5* GEORGII III. C. 4*.

A - I. tke Trill of Inch Hut. to how tfe bid futon, ok kill kt b

frtcfted or named to be Viewers as aforesaid, at the Place in quell ion, some convenient time before foe TYkl of the said I flue, who should f then and there have the Matters in question shewn to them by Two PerCobs named in foe said Summons, and appointed by the said Jury Court; and the said Sheriff dr other Officer or Officers shall certify upon the said last mentioned Authority or Precept, that foe View hath been had according to the Direction contained therein, and shall forthwith return the same to (he said Jury Court: Provided always, that the Expence of such View shall be equally borne by all Parties, and that no Evidence shall be given on either Side at the time of taking thereof: Provided also, that in case do View shall be had, or if a View shall be had by any of the Jurors contained in the said Lift, whether they flkall happen to be any of the Jurors who shall be selected or nominated as aforesaid, yet the Trial of the said Hue foal proceed, and no Objectioa shall be made on f thereof, or for want of a proper Certificate of the VWar bovspfcg^heen taken as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall serve upon a Jury for the Trial of any Hite or Iff net, shall be aQowed and paid by the Party or Parties against whom upon such Issue or Issues a Vcrfift lull be found, the Sum of Twenty Shillings: Provided always, that in case the Jury upon the Trial of any Illaie shall fefcurn a Special Verdict, the Sum to be paid to the several Jurors who shall serve Upon such Trial shall be borne and paid by the Pursuer or Pursuers, Defender or Defenders, in equal Pop-taooa; and that foe Party or Parties in whose Favour the Court of Session shall ultimately decide upon such ffpecial Vcrfift, foal be allowed the Sura so paid by him, her or them, to the said Jurors in the Costs to be a warded by the said Court of Session.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Jury Court, before proceeding to the said Tried, shall administer to foe Jury, the following Oath; videlicet,

yOU swearby God, and as you shall answer to God at the great Day of Judgment, That you shall well and truly tiy \ju the case may be J these I flues, or this Issue f, and a true Verdict give according to foe

Evidence*' ,

XXXII. And be it enacted by foe Authority aforesaid, That this and all other Oaths oeceflary on the Trial of such I flues, shall be administered in the manner and according to the Form at prefen t in ule in the High Court of Justiciary.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chancellor or Foreman of the Jury shall be the Jaror chosen by the Majority of the Jurors after they shall be sworn, and in case of an Equality of Votes, the Juror first sworn shall have a double Vote, and when the Verdict is returned to the Court, it shall be declared by the Chancellor or Foreman verbally ini open Court, and taken down by foe Clerk of the said Jury Court in Writing, before the Jury is discharged, to be afterwards indorsed and certified o foe written Order or Interlocutor of the Court of Session directing the Issue.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Verdicts shall be given by the whole yunber of the Jury agreeing in the Verdict.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if a Jury impanneUed shall not agree in their Veirdi& within the Space of Twelve Hours from the time they shall be inefofed to consider of their Verdict, such Jury (haO be aifeharged by the Jury Court from delivering their Verdict, and the said Court shall report the Proceeding to the Dtvision of the Court of Session which directed foe Issue, which Division may order another Jury to be fommoned for foe Trial thereof, or may dispose of the Cause in manner and Form as at present pra&ifod: Provided always, that if the whole Number of any Jury who shall have been inclosed to consider of their Verdict, flkall agree to apply to the Jury Court for further time to consider of such Verdi &, the said Jury Court are hereby required to grant such further time beyond foe said Period of Twelve Hours as such Jury shall desire.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no practising Advocate, Clerk to the Signet, Solicitor or Procurator before any of the Supreme or Inferior Courts, shall be returned or summoned to serve on such Juries.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court, previously to their executing any of the Duties of their Office, shall take the usual Oaths to His Majesty, and the Oath de Jideli; which Oaths the Lord President of the College of Justice, the Lord Justice Clerk, or the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, are hereby respectrridy aufoo* fixed to administer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted bj the Authority aforesaid, That it dull and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and fiucceflors, from time to time, as the State of the Business may require, to appoint Three Clerks to the said Jury Court, being Advocates or Writers to the Signet of at lead Three Years* finding, and Three Macers; and foe said Chief Commissioner shall have Power to appoint a Clerk during his Pleasurr, who shall keep the Rolls of foe Court, and perform other necessary Duties connected therewith; A of which Officers are hereby strictly prohibked and discharged foam taking any Feet whatever, in respect sf the Business of the said Offices.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Jury Court to administer to the said Officers and Macers the nfiial Oaths to His Majesty, and upon foe Trial of any Issue or Ifibes that may be directed under the Authority of this Act, also to administer the Oath de Jideli to such Officers and Macers as (HaH attend upon the Triad of such Issue or Iduta.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That k shall and may be lawful for foe Court of Sefiou, together with the Comnaftoners of the find Jury Court, or One of them, nffimMed by Authority


75

t 8k.

Proviftu

f 8k.

Payment of Jurors.

Oath admini* Acred to Jury, '

t 8k.

Other Oathi how administered.

Chancellor of Jury ele&ad.

Venfift how given.

Prorifion In case Jury cannot agree.

Proviso,

Certain Petftos exempted.

Oaths taken by CommilHoiiaw.

Clerks of Court how appointed.

Fees.

Oaths adad* ottered to Officers.;

Rules and Rcgu* tattoos how framed.

Jury Court where to assemble.

Report mide of Proceedings for carrying Ait into Execution.

Report made of Kibes directed.

Report made of IflTues tried.

Continuance of

Art.

indices may appoint proper Perfitns to examine Measures. within several.Divisions.

Examiners, duly appointed, may enter Shops, &c. in fcarcfar of

C. 42, 43. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 18t£.

of the Lord President, from time to time as often as there shall be Occasion, to appoint a Committee, confiding of One Judge from each Division of the Court of Session9 and One of the said Commissioners for the Purpose of framing such Rules and Regulations as may be necessary for ordering the Form of Process, and regulating the manner of proceeding, as well in the said Court oi Session as in the said Jury Court, both before the Trial of any Issue, during the Trial thereof, and subsequent thereto, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the Directions and Provisions of this Act, and upon such Report being made by the said Committee, the same shall be taken into Consideration by the said Court of Session and the said Commissioners assembled by the Authority of the Lord President, and such Order or Orders shall be made thereupon as to the said Court of Session, or a Quorum thereof, and the said Commissioners or One or more of them shall appear to be fit and proper.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Jury Court shall be entitled to assemble and meet for the Purpose of trying any Issue or Issues to be directed as aforesaid at Edinburgh, in either of the Rooms now appropriated to the First and Second Divisions of the Court of Session, or in the Room used by the Court of Exchequer for Jury Trials, and at other Places in the Circuit Courts of Judiciary, the Sheriff Courts, or any other Place suitable and proper, as Circumstances and the Convenience of those Courts may admit; and that proper Apartments shall be allotted to the Clerks of the Jury Court in the Re-gifter Office in the same manner as to the Clerks of Session, and at other Places, as the Lord Clerk Regiffcer shall order and direct.

XLII. And Whereas the Provisions of this Act are to endure for Seven Years and no longer: And

Whereas it is expedient, with respect to such further Regulations as may be necessary during the Continuance thereof, as well as in regard to any future Provisions for Trial by Junr in Civil Causes, after the Expiration of the fame, that regiSar Returns should be made to both Houses of Parliament of all Proceedings which shall from time to time take Place under the Authority of this present Act; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Report shall be made to both Houses of Parliament once in every Year on or before thfc Twenty fifth Day of March, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within Fourteen Days after Parliament shall assemble thereafter, of the Proceedings had by the Court of Session or a Quorum thereof, and the Commissioners of the said Jury Court or One of them pursuant to this Act; which Report shall be certified under the Hands of the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Justice Clerk, and the Chief Commissioner of the Jury Court, and shall contain Copies of all Rules and RegoJationB to be made for ordering the Form of Process, and regulating the manner of Proceeding, as well in the said Court of Session, as in the said Jury Court, for carrying into Execution the Directions and Provisions of this Act.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Report shall be made by each Division of the Court of Session to both Houses of Parliament, once in every Year on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within Fourteen Days after Parliament shall assemble thereafter, .specifying such Issues as shall have been directed by either of such Divisions of their own Motion, and such Issues as shall have been otherwise directed or refused by either of them; and every such Report shall be certified under the Hands of any Two of the Judges of the Division by whom such Report is made.

XLIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Report shall be made to both Houses of Parliament once in every Year, on or before rthe Twenty fifth Day of March, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within Fourteen Days after Parliament shall assemble thereafter, specifying the Issues tried pursuant to this Act, certified under the several Hands of the Commissioners who shall preside at the Trial of such Ifihes respectively, and such Reports may contain such Observations as the Commissioner signing the fame may think fit to make relative to such Issues.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall endure and be in force for Seven Years from its Date, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act: for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of false and deficient Measures.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force for the Regulation of Measures have been found ineffectual for

that Purpose, and Frauds are frequently committed by Persons uling false and deficient Measures, by

which the Poor in particular are greatly injured; and it would tend to prevent such pernicious and fraudulent Practices if the Justices of the Peace throughout England and Wale* were empowered to appoint proper Persons to examine the Measures within their respective Jurisdictions, and to punish such Persons as shall be found offending in the Premises 5* May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs and Towns Corporate, of England and Wales, at their respective Pett) Sessions, to appoint One or more Person or Persons, who shall have Power to examine the Measures within their several Divisions* Districts and Limits.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid and they are, hereby required (having been first sworn duly and faithfully to execute the Office in him or them reposed by virtue of such) Appointment and of this Act, which Oath such Justicei

an

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

c-43- 77

are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) as often as such Justices shall direct, in the Daytime to ft\(e Measures, enter into the Shop, House, Outhouses and other Places near to such Shop or House, and into the Stall or and feixe fame. Standing- Place of any Person or Persons within their respective Divisions or Limits, who shall fell by Retail, and by any Measure of Capacity, any Liquid or Dry Goods or other Article whatsoever, and then and there to festrch for, view and examine all Measures of Capacity in such Shop, House, Outhouse, Premises, Stall or Standing Place, and to seize any such Measure or Measures not being according to the Standard in the Exchequer, which shall upon such Search be found therein, and to detain the fame, to be produced before the Justice3 in Petty Sessions as aforesaid, upon the Hearing of the Information or Informations herein after mentioned; and the Person or Persons in whose Shop, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall or Standing Place, any such deficient Measure or Measures shall be found (against whom for such Offence or Offences an In- Information, formation or Informations is and are hereby directed to be preferred) shall, upon Conviction thereof in Petty Sessions as aforesaid, upon View or Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit all such false and deficient Measures, which Measures so forfeited shall be broken and otherwise Penalty, disposed of as such Justices before whom such Conviction shall have taken place shall order and direct; and shall also forfeit and pay for every such false or deficient Measure any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings, as the said Justices, before whom such Person or Persons shall have been convicted, shall in their Discretion order and adjudge, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Conviction; such Forfeiture, together with such Costs and Charges, to be levied by Warrant under the Hands Warrant, and Seals of the said Justices, or the Hand and Seal of one of them, by Distress and Sale of so much of the and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending as shall be sufficient to pay the said Penalty, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale; and in case no such sufficient Distress can be found, and such Penalties y nd Forfeitures, with the said Costs and Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justices, or either of them, and they and he arc and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their or his Hands and Seal, or Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Gaol or House of Imprisonment. Correction of the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding One Month, unless the Penalties, Costs and Charges in which such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall be sooner paid.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, refill or in any wise Obstruction, oppose any of the Persons hereby authorized and empowered to view and examine such Measures in the Exe- Sec. any Ex-cution of his Office; or if any Person felling or retailing by Measure, shall refuse to produce his or her Mea-minerof Measures in order to be viewed and examined, he or she who shall so offend, shall, for every such Offence, on n<JJj

being duly convicted on Oath before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay any sure^for^ExIT Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, iior less than Forty Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom any mination. such Offender shall be convicted, shall adjudge; and such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be levied and recovered Penalty, in- the manner hereinbefore directed- "

IV. And be it farther enacted, That on the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, the justice* to apply Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall cause the Amount of the Forfeiture or Forfeitures to-Forfeitures which shall be levied or paid by virtue of any such Conviction, to be applied towards the Expences wards Expences of carrying this Act. into Execution, and the Residue (if any) to be paid to the Treasurer of the County, A*1*Riding, Divisioo, City, Borough or Town Corporate, on account of the Public Stock thereof; and the said Return# of For. Justices shall also prepare or cause to be prepared, Returns of the Forfeitures levied by them in pursuance of feitures made, this Act, and shall transmit such Returns signed by them to the Clerk of the Peace, at every General Quarter

Seffioas of the Peace.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Examiners all Justices, at their General Quarter Sessions, to allow to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed to reasonable examine Measures under this Act, a reasonable Recompence or Satisfaction for their Trouble in the Exe- Trouble* ration of the said Office; such Recompence or Satisfaction to be paid to such Person or Persons out of the

general Rate or Stock of any such County, Riding, Division, City, Borough or Town Corporate.

VI. And, for the more effectually carrying this Act into Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, and they are hereby empowered and Justices to pur> required, as soon after the passing of this Act as may be convenient, to purchase or cause to be purchased, for chsf« proper the Use of their respective Counties or other Limits, out of the general Rate or Stock of such County or other use of r^pe&ve Limit, proper Measur9, duly marked, according to the Standard in the Exchequer 5 which shall be deposited Counties stc. other with the respective Clerks of the Peace, or with some other proper Person, in such safe and convenient deposited* with Place or Places within their respective Limits, as the said Justices shall direct; and shall be produced by the Clerks of Ptact. Ffcrfon or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be lodged (upon reasonable Notice) at such Time and

Place as any Person or Persons shall by Writing under their respective Hands require and appoint; the Person or Persons so requiring the Production of the said Measures, paying the reasonable Costs and Charges of producing the same.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Majority of the Inhabitants of any Parish, Majority of Township or Place, (hottld be desirous that any Person or Persons shall be specmlly appointed to examine the ^habitants of Meafores within such Parish, Township or Place, it shall and may be lawful for such Inhabitants, and they

are hereby empowered (at a Vestry to be duly holden for that Purpose) to nominate Five or more substantial Fivo Householder or Householders, to be approved of and appointed by the said Justices at their respective Petty House holden as Sessions for the Division or District wherein such Parish, ToWnship or Place shall lie; which Person or Persons Examiners, so nominated* approved and appointed, shall have the fame Powers tmd Authorities* within such Parish,

Township

No Appoint* Went of such Examiners to take place, until proper Measures are procured by Inhabitants.

Certiorari

Convictkm.

Form of Con* rk^on.

Proviso for PttfdM CiMvidi od' and Arffcring faeOrwo.

Bodies Politic, .&c. to hme fame* Power of eaa* wining, See, Measures, as formerly.

No ProfeetitUn unless on Information on Oath.

*7 O. J. (T.) c. 23. { 28.

43 0-3. 134. 11, 2.

49 0.3. «. 98. T<b.C.

Prise Goods lanrled m Ir eland

G.43, 44. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Township or Place, at are vested in the Person or Persons appointed for any District, Dtrifion or Flaa

respectivelr.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Appointment for such Parish, Township or Placet shall be made until the Inhabitant* thereof shall have procured, or caused to be procured, the proper Measurt, duly marked, according to the Standard in the Exchequer, for the Use of such Parish, Township or Place, to bf deposited in the Ctistody of the Person or Persons to be appointed at lift mentioned; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices in their respective Petty SetGons to order and direct the Costs and Charges of procuring such Measurt, and the Recompence and Satisfaction to he allowed to such Person or Persons foi hit or their Time and Trouble in the Execution of such Office, within such Parish, Township or Place, u he paid out of the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor within such Parish, Township or Place.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Qffemdei or Offenders against this Act shall be removed by Wnt of Certiorari, or by any other Writ or ProoriEs what foerer, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace befbn whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the Conviction to be made out in the Manner ami Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutntis mutandis; that is to say,

DE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

at a Petty Session holden at for before us A.B. and

( C.D. Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said JS, F, of in the said

wat duly convicted before ut the said Justices, for that he the said E. F. on the

Day of now last past, at in the said

contrary to the Form of the Statute in that case made and provided, f here state the 04fence against this Act'];

and we, the said Justices, do declare and adjudge that the said E. F. hath for such Offence forfeited the said [several'] Measures [ ] and hath also forfeited the Sum of oJ

lawful Money of Great Britain, to he applied as the Law directs; and the further Sum of

4 of like lawful Money, for the reasonable Costs and Charges attending this Conviction, Given

under our Hands and Seals, on the Day and in the Year first mentioned.'

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons convicted of an Offence undei this Act, and who shall suffer for the fame under this Act, shall not he otherwise punished for such Offence by virtue of any other Law or Statute of this Realm.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend, to lessen or prevent the Authority which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person appointed at any Court Leet for any Hundred or Manor, may have 01 possess for the examining, regulating, seizing, breaking or destroying any Measures within their respective Jurisdictiont; hut that he, (he and they shall and may have and possess the fame Power and Authority therein as if this Act had not been made.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall he prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, unless Information thereof upon Oath shall have been given to some Justice of the Peace* within Six Weeks after the Offence committed.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the admitting and landing of certain Prize Vessels and Goods in Ireland s to continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and hlavb gatitn, it was, amengft other things, enacted, that certain Duties should he paid upon Ships or Vessds taken and condemned as Prize, and brought or coming into any Port in Ireland; and by an Act made in the Parlia, mens of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for tbs Relief of Captors of Prints with respect to the bringing ana hading certain Prime Goods in Great Britain during Hostilities % certain Duties were imposed in Great Britain on such Prise Goods and on Foreign Ships and Vessels (except as in the said Act is excepted condemned*as Priae, and certain Provisions were made with respect to the said Prize Goods and Ships: And Where* 4 by an Act made in the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, in the Forty ninth Year of His present*Mdtfty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and other Acts, certain Duties of Customs have been grantee and made payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and on Ships and Vessels taken and condemned ai9Priae* or foized and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, and imported or brought into Great Britain, ip bet*of the Duties payable under the herein be (ore recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty*;Reign ? And Whereas it is expedient that like Relief should he afforded to the Captors of Prizes, witl rriprft to the bringing and landing certain Priae Goods in Ireland, and like Duties should be made payable 1 in respect thereof as m afforded and as are now payable in Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by Tfu Most Ewceffent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Ctmnina la this present Parliament asembled, apd by the Authority of the same, That any Goods Whis and Merchandize, which shall have been taken as Priae before the passing or during the Continuance o;

thi

5*5° GEORGII III.

<5-44-

79

Ait Act, aai wftfcb lum been ot may be brought into any Port of the United Kingdom by any of HU secured in Mmefcy*s Ship# of War, or by any Private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Warehouse. Aasdnl of the United Kingdom ox Great Britain and Ireland, or from the Commissioners for executing the Often of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or which have been or may be seized by any Non Commissioned Vessels or otherwise as Droits of Admiralty, shall

upon or after Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize in any Court of the United Kingdom, or in any'r — '> Dominions out of the United Kingdom, be landed in any Port of Ireland, and secured under -

asa

rt Locks in Warehouses provided at the foie Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Appro- -

bation an3 under the Care and Inspection of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon die Admission of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize into Prfo Goods and such Warehouses in Ireland, and upon the Arrival at any Port in Ireland of any Foreign Ship or Vessel con- Vessels to pay.dennedas Prize in any of His Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom, there shall be paid by the Duties in Sche-Captors or their Agents the several Duties of Customs mentioned, specified and set forth in the Schedule to duie annexed* this Act annexed; and that the said several Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, other

than Ships, in the said Schedule mentioned, shall be and are hereby granted, and shall be raised, levied and

paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above all other Duties of Customs payable in Ireland, \

on the like Articles under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act;

and that the said Duty on Ships and Vessels shall be in lieu of any Duty on Ships and Vessels brought into

'Ireland under or by virtue of the Act of the Parliament of Ireland made in the Twenty seventh Year of His ay 0.3, (I.)

present Majesty's Reign, hereinbefore recited. c. as.

III. And be it further enacted, That any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, may be taken out of any Goods taken ou

such Warehouses wherein they shall be secured as aforesaid (at any time within Three Years, to be computed Warehouse from the Day on which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be respectively entered with the proper f<* Homo Con-Officers of the Customs) to be used or consumed in Ireland\ and that the Person or Persons so taking the ^XS*DuSsTln fame oat of Warehouse shall first pay all such Duties, as at the time of so taking the fame out of Warehouse Schedule aa-jroald have been due and payable on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, at the time of so taking the fame nexed, font* out of Warehouse, to His Majesty, if the fame had been regularly imported by way of Merchandize into Ire* Duties as on land, over and above the Duties in the Schedule to this Act annexed mentioned and specified, and such Goods* .Good*T*Jj^ Wares and Merchandize, shall in all other respects be liable to the fame Restrictions and Regulations to which import*they would have been subject if this Act had not been made, except as is otherwise provided by this Act: Pro- Military or vided always, that no Duties whatever shall be demanded or taken under or by virtue of this Act for any Ships* 6n>r« % Ac» Prize Goods* confiding of Military or Ships' Stores 5 that is to (ay, Sails, Cordage, Anchors or Cables, Masts, exempted from Yards, Bowsprits, Blocks, Guns, Gunpowder, Shot, Match, Gun Carriages, Cartridges, or other Materials*

thereto belonging, nor for any Timber and Iron converted into and made & for Ship-building, or for aay of /*

the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; nor for any Salted Beef, Pork and Butter, Biscuit, Small Seer, Pcafe and

Oatmeal; nor for any Sailors' Clothes, Hammocks, Bedding and Apparatus; nor for any Iostruments belonging to Snrgeons; nor for any Bullion; nor for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which, by any Law in force

on and immediately before the passing of this Act, may be imported into Ireland Duty-free: Provided also, that storifet '

no Ship of War, nor any Private Ship or Vessel of War, which hath been or shall be taken from the Enemy i.

and legally condemned as Prize, nor the Sails nor any of the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, belonging taaay to v. o.--

such Ship or Vessel, shall be charged or chargeable with or subject or liable to pay any Duty whatever under this Act; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That Tobacco and Snuff of all Sorts taken and condemned as Prize, shall Priee Tobacco and may be brought into any of the Ports of Ireland, into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, and that and_^"u?ex" such Tobacco and Snuff brought into any such Port shall and may be entered, landed and lodged, or secured m any Warehouse or Warehouses provided according to Law for the Reception of Tobacco in Ireland* with-out Payment of any Duty under this Act, and that such Tobacco may be exported from Ireland in like manner, or entered for Home Trade, Manufacture or Consumption in Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the British Plantations in America* or of the United States of America* may be exported from Ireland* or entered for Home Trade, Manufacture or Consumption in Ireland respectively at the time; and the Exporter of such Prize Tobacco shall, upon the said Tobacco being msuau- Drtybedtn Untied In "Ireland and exported according to Law, be entitled to and allowed such and the like Drawbacks marefeveralty allowed upon the fame Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from Tobacco of the Crowth of Product of the British Colonies or Plantations, or of the United States of America* legally exported from Ireland*

V. And be it further enacted, That all Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Bariev, Beer or Big, Oats, Prize Wheat, Oatmeal, IVafe, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize taken and condemned as Prize, shall, on the fame being broughtc. warehoused into any Port in Ireland* be warehoused and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Duties, Draw- u.n<!ejr R*jfu, V backs, Penalties and Forfeitures, as ate provided and enacted by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in ^or^.ortJSIV Inland 6n and immediately before the passing of this Act, with respect to any Foreign Corn imported into*

Inland* as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions and Aijthorid's in inch Acts respectively were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this. pre.

be it further enacted, That when any Foreign Ship or Vessel (not bring a Ship of War or a pr; , e Foreign Private Ship ot Vessel of War) hath been or shall hereafter be taken before the passing or during the Con- VefleU to pay tnmance of this Act, and hath been or shall be condemned ar Brize m any of His Majesty's Dominion* out of Dtnj snx.A*. tk ffahft! Shigddmf the Duty due and payable by Law>hr Greets Bj&ltinitotJMatf izfpfcftiwJy for such.

Ship

8o

5J° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

not entitled to Privilege of British-built Ships till Duty paid.

Duty not paid. Ships fold.

Certificate of Condemnation of Goods produced, fcc.

Price Goods not entered as such.

Forfeited* JrTtse uooQs warehoused exported within Three Years.

Goods not cleared within Three Years, fold far Duties, die.

Prerifa

When Part of Duties m G.B. on Articles liable to Duty under Act repealed or cease, Duties ondes

Ship or Vessel under any Act or Acts in force for that Purpose in Great Britain) or under this Act, shall be paid upon the first Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any Port in the United Kingdom, to the Collector of His Majesty's Customs at such Port, by the Mailer, Owner or Consignee of such Ship or Vessel, whether the same shall or shall not have been sold by the Captors after Condemnation; and that no. Foreign-built Ship or Vessel so condemned shall enjoy or be entitled to the Privilege of a British-built Ship or Vessel or of an I rift Ship or Vessel until such Duty shall be paid for the same; and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, to flop and detain such Ship or Vessel at any such Port in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, until the said Duty shall be paid as aforesaid; and in case Payment thereof shall not be made for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the first Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any Port in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively or any Three or more of them, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Malls, Apparel and Furniture, to be sold publicly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied first to the Payment of the Charges that shall arise by such Detention and Sale, uext to the Payment of the Customs and Duties, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of such Ship or Vessel or other Person duly authorized by such Proprietor to receive the same; and that whenever such Duty shall be paid for and in respect of such Foreign Ship or Vessel at the Port of the first Arrival of such Ship or Vessel either in Great Britai/i or Ireland respectively, no Duty shall be payable on the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any other Port of Great Britain or Ireland respectively under this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force for that Purpose, in respect of such Vessel having been so taken and condemned as aforesaid; and that whenever any such Foreign Ship or Vessel shall have been brought into any Port ia Great Britain and shall have been condemned in any Court in Great Britain as lawful Prize, and shall have paid the Duties imposed on such Ship or Vessel, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain; no Duty whatever shall be payable iu Ireland for or in respect of such Ship or Vessel under or by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods or any Ship or Vessel taken as Prize and condemned as lawful Prize shall be imported or brought into Ireland, a Certificate from and under the Hand and Seal of the Judge or Registrar of the Court in which such Goods shall have been condemned, shall be produced to the Collector or principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the Port or Place in Ireland into which such Goods shall be imported, certifying the Condemnation thereof; and the Master of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Goods shall be imported shall, together with the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, make Oath before the said Cottedoror principal Officer (who is hereby empowered, to administer the same), that to th& best of their Knowledge and Belief the Goods so imported are the identical Goods mentioned in the Certificate of Condemnation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Importation into Ireland of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall have been condemned as lawful Prize, the same shall be entered as Prize Goods, and shall be so distinguished and specified in every Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be so entered, distinguished and specified, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Prize Goods which shall be received into any Warehouse in treland under this Act, and which shall have paid the respective Duties due and payable under this Act, mail and may at any time within Three Years, to be computed from the Day on which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be entered with the proper Officer of the Customs, be exported directly from Ireland either by the Captors- or their Agents, or by any other Person or Persons, without paying any further Duty df Customs or Excise for the fame, the Person or Persons exporting the fame giving sufficient Security in qpuble the Value of the Goods before the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse, that the same shall be really and truly exported, and not brought back again or relanded in any Part of Ireland, or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, strfcy, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro, which Security the Customer, dr Collector of the Port from whence the same are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorized t to take in His Majesty's Name, and to His Majesty's Use.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall be secured in Warehouses under the Regulations of this Act, shall not within the Space of Three Years, to be computed as aforesaid, clear and take away such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from and outj of such Warehouses, either for Exportation or for Consumption in Ireland, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to cause; all such Goods, 1 Wares and Merchandize to be publicly fold 5 and after such Sale, the Produce thereof shall in the First Place j be applied to or towards Payment of the Charges of Warehouse Room, and other .Charges that shall arise thereon; and in the next Place, to or towards Payment of the Duties of all Customs and Excise on such* Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the Owner or Proprietor, or I such other Person or Persons as may be authorized to receive the same: Provided always, that no-Goods?* Wares or Merchandize prohibited to be imported into Ireland, which shall be warehoused under the Authority of this Act, shall be permitted to be cleared from Warehouse for Home Consumption in Ireland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Customs or Excise in Great Britain, granted or made payable by any Ad in force in Great Britain, at the time of the passing of this Act, upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by this Act or the Schedule hereto annexed, or any Part of such Duties in Great Britain shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great BritainProvision shall be made, that so much of the Duties of Customs granted by this A a and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine, or be

15 repealed

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 44. 81

repealed as aforesaid in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine or be repealed, and shall not Act reduced ia be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs or Excise shall cease or deter- Proportion, mine or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain; and the Duties of Customs made payable by this Act shall be reduced accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties by this Act made payable shall be Duties pt»d ia

paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and shall be raised, levied, collected, Cur-

paid and applied, in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures, and $c-

by such Ways and Methods, and under such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed levied and paid for the raising, collecting, levying and paying, and managing of any Duties payable on Goods, Wares and as formerjlfci-Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties uesj"d Drawer Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon Sess. 4. c*J8.

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the better 4^0.3. c. 196. Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions,

Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted; with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Appeal.

Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force from and after the passing Conthmncc af

thereof, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and

no longer.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts Ad amended, to be made in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize taken and condemned us Prize* or ftnaed and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, and imported or brought into Ireland.

BfcAVDY, if taken by a Ship of War or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the Tun, containing 252 GaHons -

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the Ton, containing52 Gallons

Cocoa, if taken by a Ship of War or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the Cwt.

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the Cwt.

Coffee, if taken by a Stop of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the Cwt.

if taken by a Private Vessel, the Cwt. Sugar, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the Cwt.

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the Cwt.

Vinegar, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a Private Vessel, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

Wine, if taken by a Strip of War, or by a Private Vessel, the Tun, containing 2 J2 Gallons All other Goods, Wares and Merchandize not particularly excepted or otherwise charged with Duty, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, for every aftoo of the Value thereof -

- if taken by a Private Vessel, for every sffioo of the Value thereof

Ships or Vessck condemned as Prize or as Droits of Admiralty in any of His Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom (except Ships of War or Private Ships or VeflWs of War) with their Tackle, Apparel and Furniture (except Sails) for every jfioo of the Value thereof.

Duty. Britishi Currency,

£. t. d

3 11 3

1 3 9

- 5 11

1 11

- 16 7

- j 7

- 96

- 3 a

2 10 — t

2 10 — L

117 6

39 1

15 l6 1

fj Gm.U1- > M

82

C*45*'5'5° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811

CAP. XLV.

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

[2d May 181

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the Fishery carried on by His Majesty's European Subjects

the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Sfreights9 for the Purpose of tak

Whales and other Creatures being in those Seas, by continuing certain Premiums granted in an Act, pal 51 G. 3. c. 34*in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intiuled An ASfor continuing the Premiums also*

to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excell Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in 1

Premiums* present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Premiums herein after in tioned shall be paid and allowed to certain Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the Liraitatk

35 G. 3. c. 9»* Restrictions and Regulations contained in the said Act, and also in an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of

Reign of His present Majesty, and mentioned in the said Act, and under the Limitations, Reltridions Regulations expressed in this present Act.

Premium to

II. And be it further enacted, That for Eight of such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and clez

Eight Ships em- 0^ between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred toSou th w nr d^f and between the First Day of January and Thirty first Day of December in each of the Four fncci

the Equator. ing Years, and shall fail to the Southward of the Equator and there carry on the Fishery, and shall ret before the First Day of December in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out to some Por Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed Three hundred Pounds to each of the Eight such Ships wl shall so fail and first arrive within the times hereinbefore mentioned with the greatest Quantity of Oil or F f Sic. Matter taken together being not less in the whole than Twenty Tuns f in each of such Ships or Vessels,

being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas taken and k; by the Crews of every such Ship or Vessel respectively.

Premium to

III. And be it further enacted, That for Four other such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitte

em* 1 S^Xto cleared ofit and shall fail within the time hereinbefore mentioned and proceed to the Southward of Thirt]

Southward of Degrees of South Latitude and shall there bona fide carry on the said Fishery, and shall not return until;

36 Degrees of the Expiration of Fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the T1 South Latitude, first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, to some Port in Great Britain»there fha

paid and allowed Four hundred Pounds to each of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and arrive w the time hereinbefore last mentioned with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together h not less in the whole than Twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creal.being in those Seas and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel.

Premium t°Ten

IV. And further enacted, That for Ten other Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and clearec ployed 'that Oiall l)et'vecn t^e First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred douhle Cape fifteen, and between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December in each of the Four

Horn, &c. ceeding Years, and shall double Cape Horn or pass through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seas.

carry on the said Fishery during the Space of Four Months to the Westward of Cape Horn in those Se; shall double the Cape of Good Hope and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of Four Months tc Eastward of One hundred and five Degrees of East Longitude from London, and shall not return to Port of Great Britain until after the Expiration of Sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on which cleared out, but before the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, shall be paid and allowed Six hundred Pounds to any one of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and«within the times herein last mentioned with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together not less in the whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures1 in those Seas and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outwai Premium to homeward; and there shall be paid and allowed Five hundred Pounds to each of Nine of such Ships and V-

Mine Snips. ]aft before mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last before mentioned with the

greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together being not less in the whole than Thirty Tun being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas and taken and killed fc Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward.

Benefits to Ships y. And be it further enacted, That all Snips which shall clear out for the Southern Whale Fishery, an<

employed in return to any Port in Ireland with a Cargo of Oil the Produce of the said Fishery within the Period limit

X^eiyrcturiv.6 ^is Act, shall be entitled to all the Benefits and Advantages arising from Bounties, Renvffion of Dut

ing toPort in otherwise granted by the said recited Acts of the Thirty fifth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His p Ireland. Majesty, in the like manner and to the fame Extent as ir such Ships had returned to any Port in Great B

Whale Boats not

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Boat used as and commonly called A Whale Boat belonging liable to Seizure Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, or in the Fishery c "ijcc°unt on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, shall be liable to Seizure

Ul c* on account of her Built, Dimentsions or Construction 5 provided, on the Return of such Ship or VeiTt

the Fisheries at the End of every Season such Boat shall be laid up by the Owner or Owners thereof i Place or Places as shall be approved of by the Principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs of the F which such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, and shall not be employed or made use of in any way whatever but said Fisheries.

C

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 46. 83

CAP. XLVI.

An A c* to amend an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

intituled An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in

England., [ad May 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act wa* made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 48 0.3. c. 96.

An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England:

1 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's,

Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every case in which Committee of it shall have been or may hereafter be determined that a Lunatic Asylum shall be erected under the Provisions Visiting Justices of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or united of Lunatic Afy-Co on ties at whose Expence such Lunatic Asylum shall have been or shall be erected, amiually, at the Michaelmas lutn*e<^cd General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County or Counties respectively, or, in Counties ann^where Annual General Sessions have been fixed by Law, at such Annual General Sessions to elect the Members of the Committee of Visiting Justices, for the Building, Erection and Management of such Asylum; and .Vacancies filled that it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace acting in and for such County or Counties, or the major up.

Part of them, such major Part not being less than Seven, assembled at any Annual General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County or Counties respectively, or any Adjournment thereof, to fill up ny Vacancy in the Number of Visiting Justices so appointed as aforesaid, that may have occurred by the Death or Resignation of any such Visiting Justice.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the Justices assembled at the Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions Iu4a(h Ele&imt of the Peace, or Annual General Session in any Year, shall omit or neglect to make such Election as afore- neglected VTfit-said, or if the Justices assembled at any Annual General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, "S Justices con. shall neglect or omit to fill up any Vacancy that may have occurred as aforesaid, the Committee of Visiting

Justice* before appointed, or such of them as shall continue to ad, shall be deemed and taken to be the legal Committee of Visiting Justices, for the Building, Erection and Management of such Asylum, until the next Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Annual General Session.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Subscribers to any Lunatic Asylum erected or to be erected by Subscribers to Voluntary Contributions, who otay. have united or who may hereafter unite with any County or Counties, Lunatic Afy-under the Provisions of the said recited Act(n), or the Majority of such Subscribers present at a General lumswhoraay Meeting to be held in the Month of October in every Year, of which due Notice shall be given by Public ^"un^ or Advertiseznent in some Newspaper circulated within the County in which such Lunatic Asylum shall be situate, Counties annu-shall annually elect their Committee of Governors, Directors or Subscribers, for the Purpose of acting with illy may elect the Committee of Visiting Justices appointed or to be appointed on behalf o)F such County or Counties, for Committee of the Building, Erection and Management of such Asylum, in the manner prescribed by the said recited Act (b); pernors to and that it shall be lawful for the Subscribers to any such Asylum erected or to be erected by Voluntary Con- ofvSt- tributioni as aforesaid, or the major Part of them present at any General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, j, g juices, of which due Notice shall be given as aforesaid, to fill up any Vacancy in the Number of such Committee

of Governors, Directors or Subscribers as aforesaid, that may have occurred by the Death or Resignation of any Member of such Committee. (a) [48 G. 3. c. 96, §22,] (£) [48 G.3. r.96. £2.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That if no such Annual Meeting as aforesaid shall take place, or the jn cafeofoe-SubfcnbcTs assembled at such Meeting shall fail to make such Election as aforesaid, then the Governors, Di- gleft to make iedors or Subscribers, before appointed to ad with the Committee of Visiting Justices appointed or to be Election, Go- -appointed by such County or Counties, for the Building, Erection and Management of such Asylum, or such yernor* continued them as shall continue to ad, shall be deemed and taken to be a legal Committee, for the Purpose of acting

with such Committee of Justices as aforesaid, until the next General Annual Meeting of Subscribers to such Lndbtic Asylum. (1, MI.,

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Committee of Visiting Justices, or of Visiting Justices united Clerk may <*a-with -any Committee of Governors or Directors of or Subscribers to any Lunatic Asylum erected or to be vene new erected by Voluntary Contributions, shall neglect to adjourn any Meeting held for the Purposes of the said Meetings, recited Act, or where any unforeseen circumstance shall occur, rendering the Meeting of such Committee necessary within the Period to which their Meeting may have been adjourned, it shall be lawful for the Clerk to such Committee to convene a new Meeting, by a Circular Letter to each Member of such Committee, informing km of the Time and Place of such Meeting, Ten Days at lead before the same shall be held.

Vt And be it further enacted, That in every case in which a Lunatic Asylum shall have been or shall Justices to fix hereafter be erected by any County under the Provisions of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Sums upended JdboeS'of the Peace of such County, or the major Part of them (such major Part not being less than Seven) in Purchase assembled at any Annual General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof to be held lor Inch County, from time to time to fix and limit the Sums which may be expended on the Purchase of*'

Lands or Houses, or in the Erection of New Buildings, or in the Extension or Alteration of existing Buildings for the Purpose of such Lunatic Asylum, or the Yards, Outlets or Courts thereunto belonging, as well a the first Establishment of such Lunatic Asylum, as at any time during its Continuance; and it shall not be lawful for the Committee of Visiting Justices appointed for the Building, Erection and Management of such Affkm, to enter into any Contract or Contracts for the Purchase of Lands or Houses, or for the Erection of New Building*, or for the Extension or Alteration of existing Buildings for the Purpose of such Lunatic


4&0.3* C9& 5*4-

Weekly Rato for Paupert increased by Justicet,

Orerfeon of Poor to return Lists of Lunatics and Idiots within Parishes, verified on Oath, accompanied with Certificate from Medical Practitioner.

lint.

33 0.3* ^55-

Lifts laid before General Quarter Sessions. Expences of Examination of Lunatics, Sec. paid by Parities.

Visiting Justices may discharge Lunatics.

48 G. 3. c. 96. 14*

Returns taken on last Returns of Population.

510.3. c. 79.

Humber of

Visitora fruited.

a4& 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Asylum, or the Yards, Outlets and Courts thereunto belonging, at a Sum or Sums which may in the whole exceed the Sums so from time to time limited and appointed by the Justices assembled in Sessions as aforesaid; and no Contract so entered into by such Visiting Justices shall be held to be valid or legal.

VII. And Whereas it is in the said recited Act enacted, That the Weekly Rate to be fixed by the Committee of Visiting Justices, to be paid for each Pauper confined in any Lunatic Asylum, shall in no case exceed Fourteen Shillings jper Week: And Whereas it may be necessary that such Weekly Rate should; in certain cases, be incre&fed; Be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace acting in and for any County at whose Expence any Lunatic Asylum shall have been or shall be hereafter erected, or the major Part of them assembled at any Annual General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, or any Adjournment thereof (such major Part not being left* than Seven), to make such Addition to such Weekly Kate as to them shall seem fit and necessary, and to make an Order accordingly; which Order shall be signed by the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, on behalf of the Court, and forthwith published in some Newspaper circulated within the County; and such additional Rate shall be paid by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes, Township or Places, to which the Lunatics in such Asylatu respectively belong, in the same manner as is provided by the said recited Act with regard to the Weekly Rate from time to time to be fixed on by the Visiting Justices for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing and Caro of such Lunatics.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace acting in and for any County, at their several Petty Sessions, to issue their Warrants to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes* Township and Places within their several Subdivisions, to return true Lists of all Lunatics and dangerous-Idiots, being Paupers, within their respective Parishes, specifying the Name, Sex and Age of each Lunatic and Idiot, and whether such Lunatics be dangerous or otherwise j and for what Length of time such Lunatic* shall have been disordered in their Senses; and the Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes aforesaid shall, on the Receipt of such Warrants, forthwith prepare and return such Lifts accordingly; and such Lifts shall be verified on Oath before the Justices of the Peace at their Petty Sessions as aforesaid, and accompanied with a. Certificate from a Medical Practitioner, as to the State and Condition of each Lunatic or dangerous Idiot 5 and any O verfeer of the Poor to whom any such Warrant shall have been directed and delivered, who shall refuse or neglect to prepare such Lift, or to return the fame at the Time and Place by such Warrant fixed, with such Certificate as aforesaid, or to verify such Lift on Oath, shall, for every such Offence, be subject to such Fine a* Overseers of the Poor and other Parish and Peace Officers are subject for neglect of Duty, under an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to authoring JuJHces of t he Peace to hnpo/e Fines on Constables, Overseers, ana other Peace or Parish Officers for neglect of Duty, esssd on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices; and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Dtflrefs granted by Magistrates; and such Fine shall be imposed, levied and enforced in the manner in the said Act directed; and the Justices aforesaid shall cause the said Lifts to be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, to be by him hid before the Justices of the Peace acting in tad for such County, at their next GeneraljOuarter Sessions of the Peace or General Annual Session: And k shall be lawful for such Overseers of the Poor to defray the necessary Expences of the Examination^ of such Lunatics or dangerous Idiots, by a Medical Practitioner, out of the Poor Rates of the Parishes to which such Lunatics or Idiots respectively belong; or where the legal Settlement of any such Lunatic or Idiot shall not have been ascertained, then out of the Poor Rates of the Parish in which such Lunatic or Idiot shall residej

IX. And Whereas it may happen, that Lunatics, by the Provisions of the Law* now in force, may beufo*

necessarily detained in any Lunatic Asylum after their Recovery, during the Intervals of Meetings of the Committee of Visiting Justices, or by reason of the Nonattendance of a sufficient Number of Visiting Jnfkbam at any Meeting of such Committee; Be' it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Visiting Justices at any time, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Medical Superintendent of such Asylum, to discharge from such Asylum any Lunatic confined therein, whose perfect Recovery may be certified by the said Medical Superintendent.

X. And Whereas it is enacted by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty V

Reign, that where any Two or more Counties shall think fit to unite, the Proportion of the Expence* Re-

ceflary for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, to be charged and assessed upon the several

Counties so uniting, shall be calculated upon the Numbers of the respective Population of the said fevetal

Counties, as stated in the Returns made in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty fifrft Year of His Majestf't

1 Reign, intituled An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Insrtafiaud 1 Diminution thereof; Be it hereby further enacted, That in all cases of the Union of any Two or m4re Counties, or of the Union of any Place or Places of tiiftinct Jurisdiction vVith any such County or Counties, the Proportion of the Expences necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes Of the said recited Act, or of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend cm Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being' Paupers of Criminals, in England, or of this Act, shall be calculated upon the Ntitnbers of the respective Population of the said several Counties and Places as shall have been stated iti the Ibil Returns of the thill Population (a), which shall have been made under the Authority of Parliament previous to the Union'of such Counties. (a) [See 51 G. c. 6.} '

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Visitbrs to be appointed by any such Place of distinct Jurisdiction so uniting with any County or Counties, shall bear the feme Proportion to the Number of Visiting Justices appointed by such County or* Counties, as the Population of such Place shall bear to the Population offoch County or Cddntfes, andftikll k nOtafe exceed foehPropOrtkbL 1

15 XII. Pro-

A, XM8r5«

55° GEORGII III.

0.4654^ 85

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as it shall appear to the indices of the Peace acting in and for any County or Counties at whose Expence any Lunatic Asylum shall have been en sted, or the major Part of tlu*m, such major Part not being less than Seven, assembled at any General Quart r Sefliuus of the Peace or General Annual S< flion, that the Space within such Asylum is more than fu4icient for the Accommodation of Lunatics, being Paupers, within the D.drift or Distnfts for which such Asylum shall have been built, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices so aflemMed to make Order for the Admission of so many Lunatic Patients as to them shall seem expedient, not being Pauper or Criminal, or being Paupers but belonging to any other County, < r to any Parish, Township or Place within the County or Counties by which such Asylum shall have been erected, which may be exempt from contributing to the County Rate of such County or Counties, and which shall not have united with such County or Counties, or contributed to the Expence of such Ercftion, under the Conditions and Regulations following; that is to say. That no such Lunatic Patient shall be admitted into such Asylum without an Order signed by one Visiting Justice, directed to the Governor or Superintendent of such Lunatic Asylum, nor without the Certificate in Writing of a regular Practitioner in Medicine, certifying the Lunacy of such Patient, nor without an Undertaking signed by Two substantial Householders, or the Minider and One of the Churchwardens, or One of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place within which such Lunatic shall be resident at the Period of Application made for the Admission of such Patient into such Asylum, for the due Payment of the Weekly Allowance and other Expences contingent upon the Maintenance and Care of such Lunatic, during the Time of his or her Continuance in such Asylum, as well as for the Removal of such Lunatic from such Asylum, within Three Days after due Notice given in Writing by the Governor or Superintendent of such Asylum, by the Order of One or more Visiting Justice of such Aiylum, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties are directed to be recovered and applied by virtue of this or any other Acts of Parliament, passed for the building and maintaining of Asylums for the Reception of Pauper Lunatics: Provided always, that the Weekly Provision for the Maintenance of such Patients, not being Paupers, shall be fixed by the Visiting Justices, at such Rate, as shall in their Judgment be sufficient to cover every Expence liable to be incurred for or on account of each such Patient respectively; and that in no case such Weekly Provision shall be fixed at a Sum less than a Sum exceeding by One third the Weekly Sum paid at such time by the Parishes within such Didrift or Didrifts, for the Maintenance of the Patients thereto belonging respectively, together with such extra Charge for Clothing and Medicine, as may be incurred during the C< tinuance of such Patient in such Asylum, under the Sanction of the Visiting Justices thereof.

When any Asylum can accommodate ino e Lunatics, M .cistrates may or .er an Addition under certain Regulations.

[Penalty.]

Provisi*

-on-

1

CAE XLVIL

Jtn Act. fot procuring Returns relative to the Expence and; Maintenance of the Poonm England*

and also relative to the Highways. [iath May

WHEREAS it i* expedient that Information should be obtained respecting the State of the Poor, and W of the Expences attending their Maintenance, within that Part of Great Britain called England;

*jand also respecting the Extent of the Highways, and the Expences of repairing them; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by 1' '-

and< with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Chmmons, in this present Par* \*'"x

lianwai assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Justices of the Peace within their rjullicejtoa"' respective Divisions and Jurisdictions in England, and Wales, shall and they are hereby required to appoint a point a time and Tima and Place or Times, and Places, which, time or times shall be on or before the Twentieth Day of Place for Over-- tanker One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, for the Overseers of the Poor and Surveyors of the Highways leer* of Poor, of the several Pari (fees, and also of the several Town ships. Places or Divisions, which maintain their Pdor h Ww^to* °* fqparately and distinctly within their respective Jurisdictions, or repair their own Highways, and for the Over- deti^iutun* fetes and Surveyors of the Highways of any former Year if necessary, to deliver to them respectively the to Matt Returns to the several Matters and Things in this Act contained and dated in the Schedules to this Act; an- fated in urnex-rneMJf <H and Two or more, of the said Justices shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice to be given Schedules

4o*such Overseers and Surveyors of the Highways, or to the Person or Persons, Trustee or Trustees exercising jJotke^theif

the Duties of the Office of Surveyor of the Highways, to make such Returns respectively within their respective to make Retuflli Jurisdictions, apd rffip to the High Condables, and where there are no High Con ft ablet, to such other proper to Confables, Officers who have the Execution q( Precepts from Justices of the Peace within such respective Jurisdictions, at requiring At-bafi Six Days before the Day of such Meeting or Meetings respectively, requiring their Attendance at fuph* #t

Meeting or Meetings for the Purposes of this Act.

hL And. her it further eqaftqd, That in cases where there shall be a House of IndufhyoiFWorkhouse be- Proper Ottawa longing W> any Parish ox; Place, whether separately and distinctly for One Parish or Place, or conioinfly uifilliag,

wita apy. other Parish or Place or Parishes or Places incorporated therewith, the Overseer to whom the said UP Schedule shall be delivered is hereby required to call on the Governor or other proper Officer of such House Of Ioduftry or Workhpufe for his Aid and Assistance in properly filling up and completing the said Schedule, and such Governor or otlu^r proper Officer is hereby required under the Penalties herein recited, to afford to; the find, Overfetfr all necessary information for properly filling up and completing such Parts of the said Scfie*

4nb as shall relate to such House of Industry or Workhouse 5 ^nd the Governor or other proper Officer of any meorpprated House of Industry or Workhouse is further required to compute the Share of the common v ^{rr>, \4 Expvnoe thereof* and the Number of Persons belonging to each distinct Pahfh or Place; within the Yepl*: r., Ul, j ending at Easter One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, One thousand eight hundred and fourteen an<Ion ftWiTwyvty fifth Day of Marsh One thousand eight hundred and fifteen respectively, tod to examine whether

*f such

86

Justices to receive Returns, ami swear Officers, and ex* amine them to Truth, and attest Came.

Fee.

Constables to receive from Clerks of Peace Copy of Schedule to deliver to Overseers of Poor, and trans-mie from them Returns of Poor aiul Highways.

[Penalty.]

Overseers of Poor to attend Justices and deliver Accounts.

Overseer making Default. Penalty. Overseers authorized, \c. to insped Accounts.

[Penalty.]

C. 47. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

such Particulars relating to the House of Industry or Workhouse be properly entered in the proper Schedule, , and if satisfied therein, shall certify the fame on the Schedule in Writing, signed by himself.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Two or more of the said Justices of the Peace shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, at such Meeting or Meetings so to be appointed as aforesaid, to receive and take the Returns to be made by the Overseers of the Poor eftid Surveyors of the Highways as

' aforesaid in Writing, signed by themselves, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, and then and there administer to them respectively the Oaths contained in this Act; and such Justices are hereby authorized, if they shall see Cause, to examine such Overseers and Surveyors of the Highways upon Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in such Returns respectively, and to call for the original Accounts of such Overseers and Surveyors of the Highways if they shall see fit, in order to explain and verify the said Returns as shall then be made 5 and the said Justices shall sign and attest such Returns it the Foot of the fame without Fee, when on Inspection the same shall appear to them to be complete, and deliver such Returns so signed and attested to the respective High Constables, or other proper Officers as aforesaid, in order that the lame may be by them transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, or Town Clerks, as herein is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said High Constables, or other proper Officers, within the respective Jurisdictions as aforesaid, shall, at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen (or as soon thereafter a3 may be), receive from the said Clerks of the Peace, or Town Clerks, printed Copies of each of the Schedules to this Act annexed, and forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered out one of each such Schedules to One of the then Overseers of the Poor, and another to One of the Surveyors of the Highways, of every Parish, Township or Place within their respective Limits, as well within Towns Corporate as without, and, when required by the respective Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, attend the said Meeting or Meetings, and then and there receive the several Returns made by the said Overseers and Surveyors of the Highways, and indorse upon the Back of each of them the Name of the Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City or Town Corporate, wherein the said Parish, Township or Place therein mentioned is situate, and deliver or transmit the fame, together with a true and perfect Lift of every Parish, Township and Place, and also of the Overseers and Surveyors of the Highways to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, to the several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof (which Adjournment and Adjournments the Justices at such Quarter Sessions are required to make to some convenient Day within Forty Days after the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and from time to time as often as shall be necessary, to some other convenient Days within Ten Days from the preceding Day of Adjournment, in all cases where such Returns shall not be made at the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, and until full and complete Returns shall be made), upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Default and Neglect in the Matters aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding Ten rounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Township and Place, shall, and they are herelby required to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting or Meetings which shall be so appointed, and then and there deliver to the said Justices in Writing, signed by them, a just and true Account upon Oath, as herein directed (according to their Knowledge of the fame), of the total Amount of all and every Sum and Sums of Money raised and expended by them, or by their Predecessors in Office respectively, for or on account of the Poor within the respective Districts, Parishes, Township or Places, for the several Years ending at Easter One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Easter One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and March the Twenty fifth One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, respectively, according to the different Heads of Rates levied, or Disbursements mentioned in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Adfc annexed 5 and shall for that Purpose cause the Total of such Disbursements for such \ ear to be divided and classed under such different Heads of Disbursements accordingly; and shall also at such Meeting or Meetings deliver in like manner a true and just Account, upon Oath, of the Number of Poor Persons who shall have received constant or occasional Relief during the said several Years, within the respective Houses of Tn-duftry or Workhouse6, or otherwise, in the respective Parishes, Township or Places aforesaid; as stated in the Schedule (A.) to this Adfc annexed, and shall respectively fill up the Blanks and other Spaces in such Schedule with the several Matters required to be therein returned, according to the Truth of the case; and shall also at the same time produce to the said Justices, if required, the Assessments under which the Money was collected, and the Accounts of all Expences respecting the Poor for the said Year, for their Inspection and Examination; and that every Overseer making. Default in any of the Matters hereby required shallj for every such Neeledt and Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made; And in Order to enable the said Overseers to make Answers and Returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorized and empowered to call for, inspect and take Copies of the Accounts of the Overseers, for each of the Years ending at Easter One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Easter One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and March the Twenty fifth One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, in whdfe Hands soever they shall happen to be 5 and every Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power every such Account or Accounts shall be, shall and they are hereby required to produce and deliver fdch respective Accounts to the said Overseers, for the Purposes aforesaid, upon the Pain of forfeiting for every Default or Neglect in the Premises a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

14 VI. And

AJ>.1815. JJ* GEORGII III. C. 47.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That the Surveyors of the Highways in every such Parish, Township and Place, shall, and they are hereby required to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting or Meetings 'which shall be so appointed, and then and there deliver to the said Justices in Writing, signed by them, a just and true Account upon Oath as herein directed (according to their Knowledge of the fame) of the estimated Extent of Public Highways or Roads used for Wheel Carriages, computing the aggregate Length of such Highways in Statute Miles of Seventeen hundred and sixty Yards to a Mile, distinguishing paved Streets and Turnpikes, if any, within their respective Districts, Parishes, Township or Places; and also Accounts, as nearly as the fame can be ascertained, of all and every the Sum or Sums raised and expended by them, and also of the estimated Value of Labour performed in Kind, for or on account of the Highways within their respective Districts, Parishes, Township or Places, for the several Years ending in 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and twelve, One thousand eight hundred and thirteen and One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, according to the different Heads of Disbursements described in the Questions of the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, and shall respectively fill up the Blanks and other Spaces in such Schedule, and the several Matters required to be therein returned, according to the Truth of the case; and shall also at the same time produce to the said Justices, if required, the Accounts of all Money received and expended on the Highways, for their Inspection and Examination; and that every Surveyor of the Highways, making Default in any of the Matters hereby required, shall for every such Neglect and Default forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made; and, in order to enable the said Surveyors of the Highways to make Answer3 and Returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorized and empowered to call for, inspect and take Copies of the Accounts of the Surveyors of the Highways, for each of the Years ending in October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, One thousand eight hundred and thirteen and One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, in whose Hands soever they shall happen to be; and every Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power every such Account or Accounts shall be, shall and they are hereby required to produce and deliver such respective Accounts to the said Surveyors of the Highways for the Purposes aforesaid, upon the Pain of forfeiting for every Default or Neglect in the Premises a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Overseer or Surveyor of the Highways, required to make any such Return or Returns as aforesaid, shall conceal any Matter or Matters directed to be inquired into by the said Schedules, or either of them, or shall knowingly or wilfully make a false or imperfect Return, every such Overseer or Surveyor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in case the Offence shall be committed in England; in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster, Chester and Durham, in case the Offence shall be committed in those Counties, or either of them respectively; or in the Great Sessions of the Principality of Wales f in case the Offence shall be committed in Wales.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for the Trouble and Expences of the several Persons employed in the Trar.factions aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so made and transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums following, and no more; videlicet, To the Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, for every Return which shall be made in respect of every Parish, Township and Place, the Sum of Two Shillings; to the High Constable or other proper Officer, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence; to the Overseers of the Poor, Governors or other Officers of Houses of Industry or Workhouses, and to the Surveyors of the Highways, for the like, a Sum not less than Two Shillings and Six pence each, and not exceeding Twenty Shillings each, exclusive of their Travelling Expences, at the Discretion of the Justices who shall approve of the Returns; to the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling; and that the said Justices of the Peace, at their respeCViye Epiphany Quarter Session in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall and they are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treasurers to pay the same out of the Rates to be made and collected for their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities and Towns Corporate.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this A Cl shall, unless otherwise directed by this AC1, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress shall r.ot be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, thereto remain without Bail or Mainprize for a Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeitures and Charges shall be looner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid and applied One Moiety to the Informer and the other Moiety to the said respective Treasurers, in aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying or being liable to pay towards such County Rates or other Rates.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace aforesaid, before whom any Return shall be made in pursuance of this Act by any Overseer of the Poor or Surveyor of the Highways, shall and he is hereby empowered and required to administer to such Overseer or Surveyor of the Highways the following Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, Affirmations, ) videlicet,

YOU

87

Surveyors of

Highways to attend also, and deliver proper Accounts.

Surveyor nuking Default. Penalty.

[Penalty.]

Officers making false Returns.

[Penalty.]

Rewards to Officer*.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Imprisonment.

Who deemed

competent

Witness.

Parties sworn.

U

8

Form* of Oaths.

Perjury.

ScheduUt trsnf-twctadby Kill's Printer.

Copies delivered to Town Clerks.

Tovm Clerks to receive Returns.

Penalty

46 G. 3. c. 65.

Schedule of Property Duty transmitted to fiecreury of State.

C.tf. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

c swear [or, affirm]. That the Return made by you contains, to the best of your Knowledge and

Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in the Schedule (A.) [or (B.) as the case may

be'] of the Act, intituled yin A 8 for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England 5 and also relative to the Highways. So help you GOD/

4 VOU shall true Answer make to all such Questions as shall be demanded of ytm, touching* these your Returns relative to the Poor [or, to the Highways, as the case may be,] of the Parish [or, Township] of as far as the fame is within your Knowledge. So help you GOD /

'Which Oaths shall be taken by the Overseers or by the Surveyor of the Highways on the Holy Evangelists, in the usual manner of administering Oaths.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully and corruptly make a false Oath touching any of the Matters contained in this Act, every such Person or Persons offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XII. And be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act, and also of the Schedules (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be transmitted by His Majesty's Printer to the Clerks of the Peace of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Dhrifion8, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises and Liberties in England and Wales; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace shall and they are hereby required, at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to cause the said Act to be distributed among all and every the acting Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits, and also a sufficient Number of the Schedules to this Act annexed, to be delivered to the High Constables or other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from such Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits; and which said Clerks of the Peace shall also canfe a sufficient Number of such Copies of this Act, and Schedules respectively, to be delivered to the Town Clerks or other proper Officers of every City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, in which Quarter Sessions of the Peace are usually holden, situate in the County, Riding or Division, for which the said Clerks of the Peace shall respectively aft, to be by the said Town Clerks respectively distributed in like manner among the acting Justices of the Peace in every such City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, and among the proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from such Justices of such City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place 5 and the said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively shall also receive the Returns to be made pursuant to the Directions herein given, and transmit the fame, with a List thereof (and also another Lift therewith, of Parishes or Places not having made due Returns) to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, within Thirty Days after the respfcc-tive Midsummer Quarter Sessions, in order that an Abstract of the fame may be made and presented to both Houses of Parliament, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect and Default, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

XIII. And Wherew it is expedient, for the Purposes of this Act, that Information should be obtained

of the Proportion which the Sum levied by the Poors Rate, and any other Rate or Rates, bears to (he

aftnal Rents and Profits upon which such Rates are imposed and levied, by a Comparison of the said Poors 1 Rates with the Assessments made under an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and .until the Sixth Bay of

April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Unties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; 1 and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parte

of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Pro-

fits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effeSval the

Provssions for collecting the said Duties; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they are hereby directed upon the Application of any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, communicating to them a List of any Parishes, Townftnps or Places which maintain their own Poor separately and distinctly, to enquire into and ascertain the Total Amount of the Sums assessed to the Property Tax in and for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, under Schedule (A.) of the said last mentioned Act, on each rock Parish, To#n-ftup or Place; and also die Total Amount of the Estimates of the Annual Value of the Property on Profits upon which the said Assessments were made, and to make out an Account of the fame under proper Heads, and traafcnit the same to the said Principal Secretary of State, for Insertion in die before mentioned Abstract

UCHE-

A.D. 1815.

5S' GEORGII III. .C. 47.

SCHEDULE? to which this Act refers.

sdHEDULE (A.)' !.i

QUESTIONS# to which# by Dire6Hons"of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third# intituled " An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highway#" Written Answers are to be returned by the Overseer of every Parish, Township or Place# ia which Rates are separately and distinctly made for the Relief of the Poor; for which Purpose the Overseer is to attend the Just ice* of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictione, on Pain of incurring the Penalties imposed by the said Act for every wilful Default or Neglect.

r 1. WHAT i# the Name and Description of your Parish or Placed and to the Repair of what Parish Church do the Inhabitants contribute out of the Rates

In answer to this Question, you are required to specify the Name of the Place, spelled in the most usual manner, and also whether it be a Parish, or Part of any Parish; and in the latter case, specifying whether it he usually called a Tithing, Township, or by what other Name.

2. What was the total Amount of Money raised within the several Years ending Easter One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Easter One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, by Poor's Rate, and any other Rate or Rates

3. What was the total Amount of Money expended in those Years respectively, for the Maintenance and

Relief of the Poor

4. What was the total Amount of Money expended in those Years respectively, in Suits of Law, Removal

of Paupers and Expences of Overseers or other Officers employed therein ? y# What was the total Amount of Money expended on Militia Charges, distinguishing Expenditure for the Maintenance of the Wives and Children of any Militia Men# from any other Militia Charges

6* What was tlje total Amount of Money expended in those Years ref^ctively, for all other Purposes except those expressed in the Two last Qu eft ions, including herein any Church Rale# County Rate# Highway Rate, fice. &c.

7. What was the total Amount of Money expended in those Years respectively

In answer to this Question, you are required to take care that the Amount be the Total of the Four Columns marked 3, 4, 5 and 6; or to explain on the Schedule whyit does not agree therewith.

8. What was the Number of Persons relieved from the Poor's Rate permanently# throughout the several

Years; distinguishing Persons so relieved out of any House of Industry or Workhouse, and Persons so relieved in the House, but not including any Children whose Parents have been permanently relieved out of the House

If ao House of Industry or Workhouse, write the Words, i No Workhouse, ' in the proper Column; if there be a House of Industry or Workhouse in which any Poor of your Parish or Place* are maintained, inform the-Governor or proper Officer thereof, that he is required, under Pain of the Penalties of this A A, to enable you to fill up and complete the proper Column.

9b What wris the Number of Parishioners relieved occasionallyin the several Years respectively

lo. What is the Number of Members in Friendly Societies^ which hold their usual Meetings in yoirr

Parish or Place, including Members- not* belonging to your Parish or Place, as well as those belonging to it I

11. What is the Average-Annual Amount or Produce of Charitable Donations (whether arising from

Land of* Mbneyl which have been given by Deed to Will for the Benefit of poor Persons within your Parish, Township or Place, and which are managed or distributed by the Minister# Omrchwarden8 and Overseers, or by.snyjof them 5 distinguishing such Donations as are applicable to the Maintenance of Parish Schools

12. Ik ther^ any Hospital, Almshouse, School or other permanent Charitable Foundation within your

1 ParHh, Township or Place# which is not under the Management and Controul of the Minister#

Churchwardens and Overseers, or any of them

"ly Ia case"it fhoUld be requisite toafk any Explanation of your Answer to any of the above Questione, in what manner should a Letter of Inquiry be directed to you from the Secretary of State's Office

14. Are there any Matters which you think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your Answers to any of the preceding Questions

55

Geo. III

N

so

o

Akswbri.

i. NAME of PLACE; and whether usually styled Parffli, Towftship, Tkhii^, Hamlet, or the like.

Towards the Repair of what Panih 'Church : the Inhabitant* fttttrifcwtt ihtn the Rates.

To 3d Question. To 3d Question. To 4th Question. To jU» Questito. To 6th Questkmr -\ To yth Question. To 8th Question. To 9th Question. To*16th Question, To ii^h Question.

For what Year. Money RAISED by the Poors Rate, 01 other Rate or Rates. Money EXPENDED for the Maintenance of the Poor. Expenditure in Suits of Law; Removals, Journeys, and Expences of Overseer* and other Office w. EXPENDnTJRK for Militia .Purposes. Expenditure for other Purposest Church Rate, County Rate^ Highway Rate, &c. TOTAL E5^ PENDTTURE of the Parkh or Place/ ' Number of Psrfona Relieved from the Poor's Rate Permanently, not including the Children of such Persons: Number of Periods Relieved Occasionally, whether in or out of the Workhouse, being Parishioners. Todd Number of MEMBERS in Friendly Societies, whether Barifhfeneit or not. Annual Amount of Charitable

Maintenance of the Families of Militia Men. All other Militia Charges. for printm<- Other Purposea.

Out of any Workhouse. In any Workhouse.

To Easter 1813- £. 9. d. £. t. d. £. 9. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. 9. d. £. 9. d. £. 9. 4. £. «. d.

To Easter 1814.

To 25th March 1815.

n

N|

o»

tn

o

o

s

Answer to lltb Question.

Answer to 13th Question.

Answer to 34* Question.

I, A*B. Governor [or, Manager] of the House of Industry [or, Workhouse] of the of , in the County of

Do hereby certify, That the above Return contains, to the best of roy Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions relatiye to the Number of Persons relieved in the said Workhouse.

(Signed)

I, C.D. Overseer of the Poor for the rf in the County of Do swear [or, affirm] That the abore Rtkurn contains,

to the best of my- Knowledge and Belief, a fiiH and true Answer to the Questions contained in Schedule (A.) of an Act, intituled H An Act for prociirMjg Returns relative u to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor inEoghmd; «n4 also relative to the M Highways/'

(Signed) - Overseer.

Sworn {or, affirm^] bhfore us, the of this

(Signed)

Justices of the Peace in and for Day of

p

ob

M

U\

A.D. 18f

9*

55° GEORGII IIt

c. 47.

SCHEDULE (B.)

QUESTIONS, to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act for procuring Returns relative to the " Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways, " Written Answers are to be returned by the Surveyor of the Highways of every Parish, Township or District in England and Wales; for which Purpose the said Surveyor of the Highways is to attend the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, on Pain of incurring the Penalties imposed by the said Act, for every wilful Default or Neglect.

1. WHAT is the estimated Extent of Public Highways or Roads used for Wheel Carriages, within your Parish or District, computing the aggregate Length of such Highways in Statute Miles of One thousand seven hundred and sixty Yards to a Mile; distinguishing Paved Streets and Turnpikes (if any) from all other such Highways or Roads

*1. What was the estimated Value of Labour performed in Kind, for repairing the Highways, within r your Parish or District, in each of the Years ending in October One thousand eight hundred and

twelve, One thousand eight hundred and thirteen and One thousand eight hundred and fourteen

j. What was the Amount of Money paid as a Composition for Labour on the Highways, during those Years respectively

4. What was the Amount of Rates (if any) levied for the Repair of the Highways, in those Years respectively

5.. What was the Amount of Money expended in Law and other Expences relative to the Highways, exclusive of Repairs occasioned by Preferments, in those Years respectively

6. What was the Total Value of Labour and Amount of Money expended in those Years respectively

In answer to this Question, you are to take care that the Amount be the Total of the Four Columns

marked 2, 3, and 5; or to explain on the Schedule why it does not agree therewith.

7. Arc there any Matters which you think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your A^fwers to any

of the preceding Questions

NAMES and DESCRIPTION of DISTRICT, and whether usually styled Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, or the like; and if not a Parish, in what Parish. YEARS ending in October. To Question 1. To Question 2. To QuestionTo Question 3- 4- To Question 5- To Question 6.

Length of the Public Highways used for Wheel Carriages. Estimated VALUE of .LABOUR performed in Kind. Amount of COMPOSITION MONEY paid for labour. Amount of RATES levied. Amount of MONEY expended in LAW and other Expences occasioned by Presentment. TOTAL EXPENDITURE in labour and Money in these Years respectively.

Paved Streets or Turnpikes. All other Highways.

1812 - £ s. d. £. /.'£. f, d. £* / d> £. /. d.

1813

M CO 1

REMARKS in answer to Question 7.

I, A» B Surveyor of the Highways for the of in the County of

t>o swear for, affirm] That the above Return contains, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in Schedule (B.) of an Act, intituled " An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence 4' and Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways./'

(Signed) Surveyor of the Highways,

Sworn [or, affirmed] before ui> C* ©. £ F. Justices of the Peace in and for the^of

this Day of One thousand eight hundred and.<

(Signed) C. D.

B* F

N a j

92

5 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

13 O.3. c.j8.

if.

isO. 3 c. 64.

i*.

Quarter Session* may enciesfe Salaries of Clergymen officiating in Gaols.

Provisions of 13 G.J c.j8. applicable to Houses of Correction. Pruvifa.

Clergymen to keep Journal.

Offices of Clergymen to Oaola, fee. united.

Provii'o.

Clergymen to (bare Licence from Bfihop of Pioceft*

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols and Houses of Correction within England and Wales, [T 2th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols, within that Part of Great Britain called England

the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the Quarter Sessions held for any County,

Riding or Division, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Principality of IP ales, are

authorized and empowered to settle and ascertain how many Clergymen should by them be deemed necessary to be employed in performing Religious Duties, according to the Rites of the Church of Englandf in the several Gaols within their respective Jurisdictions, and to settle and ascertain what Duty should be performed, and what Salary should be paid to every such Clergyman, not exceeding Fifty Pounds yearly and every Years And Whereas by the Appointment of Clergymen to officiate under the Provisions of the said Act, the beneficial Purposes before mentioned have been carried into Execution in many Counties within Englanm and Walts /And Whereas, on account of the unremitting Attention which such Clergymen are required to give in the Discharge of their Duty, it is expedient that the Salaries allowed by the Justices should be increased: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effieSual the Laws in being relative to Houset of CorrtSion, it is enacted, that the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions may, if they think fit, appoint a Minister of the Church of England\ redding in or near the Place where every such House of Correction shall be situate, to perform Divine Service there every Sunday: And Whereas it is expedient, for the Reformation and Amendment of Persons who may be confined in such Houset of Correction, that greater and more frequent Attention should be paid to their Moral and Religious Instruction than is provided for by the said Act May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and , Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the Quarter Sessions to be holden.for any County, Riding or Division, within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and the Principality of Wales, and at the Annual General Session.in the County Palatine of Lancajlert and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to increase the Salaries granted by the said first recited Act, to be paid to the Clergymen therein mention^, to any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, yearly and every Year, under the Regulations and Provisions contained in the said recited Act.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaolt within that Pari of Great Britain called England, shall be applicable to Houses of Correction, in as full and ample a manner as if they had been specifically named therein: Provided always nevertheless, that no Salary to be assigned to any Clergyman for officiating in any such House of Correction shall exceed Fifty Pounds a Year.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Clergyman .who shall be employed with a Salary under this Act, or either of the Acts above recited, in order to entitle himself to receive the same, shall keep a Journal in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, in the Gaol or House of Correction in which he shall be so employed, in which Journal he shall enter the times of his Attendance at such Gaol or House of Correction on the Performance of his Duty, with any Observations which may occur to him in the Execution thereof; and such Journal shall regularly be laid before the Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction over the said Gaol or House of Correction, for their Inspection at every Quarter Sessions at which such Justices shall be assembled, and shall be signed by the Chairman of the said Sessions, in Proof of the fame having been there produced.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, so assembled at

their General Quarter Sessions, may, if they should fee fit, unite the Offices ef Clergymen to Gaols and Houset of Correction, by appointing one Clergyman to the Performance of the Religious Duties of both: Provided always, that the Amount to be paid out of the County Rates ot other Public Money shall not in such case exceed the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds. 1

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, no Clergyman, who shall be appointed to officiate in any Gaol or House of Correction under the Authority of the said Acts or of this Act, shall so officiate until he shall have obtained a Licence for that Purpose from the Bishop of the Diocese wherein such Gaol or House of Correction shall be situate, and during so long time only as such Licence shall remain in force 5 and when any Clergyman shall be so appointed, the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division, wherein any such Appointment shall be made, shall, within One Month after such Appointment shall have been made* trausmit a Copy thereof to the Bishop of such Diocese.

55° GEORGII III.

0-49- 91

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to procure Returns of Persons committed, tried and convicted for Crimina! Offence* and Misdemeanors.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that regular Returns should be made of the Commitment* of Person*

charged with Criminal Offences, and the subsequent Proceedings thereon Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Clerk* to take

several Clerks of Assizes, Clerks of The Crown, Clerks of the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Deli- Rttuiat* f

very, Clerks of the Peace, and Town Clerks, within England and Wales, shall, within the First Fourteen.

Days of the Month of January in every Year, return to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the

Home Department, the Number of Persons, Male and Female, committed to the several Gaols in England and Wales for Trial, and tried or discharged at such Assizes and Great and other Sessions, at which theyrefpcft-

iYely aft as such Clerks as aforesaid, which shall have been holden within the preceding Year; distinguishing

particularly the Crimes with which all such Persons were fereraily charged upon their Commitment, the

Crimes of which such of them as were indicted were respectively indicted, and the Crimes of which such of

them as were convicted were severally convicted; and distinguishing under each Head of Offence, the Numbers

Convicted, acquitted, discharged by reason of no Bill being found against them, and discharged by reason of

*o Prosecution, and the Sentences of such as were convicted; and also stating under each Head of Offence,

the Numbers of those capitally convicted who have been executed; and all such Returns shall be made out

and returned according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in such Form and

Manner, and with any such additional Particulars, as shall from time to time be ordered and required by the

Secretary of State in that behalf; and every Clerk of Assize or other Clerk as % aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect tn make any such Return, in the Manner and Form prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Penalty.

Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Information or Action, at the Suit of His Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department Returns laid shall, between the Twenty fourth Day of January and the Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, if hefore Parliament shall be fitting during any Part of such Period; or if Parliament shall not be fitting during any T*ut'

Part of such Period, within Fourteen Days after Parliament shall meet after the said Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, cause such Returns to be laid before Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of Assizes and other Justices assembled at their respective Allowances Assizes and Great and other Sessions, shall settle and ascertain the Allowances to be paid to the Clerks of Assize

and other Clerks as aforesaid, acting at their respective Assizes or Sessions, for their Care, Pains and Trouble ° 1

in making such Returns, and also in making such Returns as have been heretofore made in pursuance of A.d-

dresses of the House of Commons; and all such Allowances shall be paid out of the County Rates of the,

several Counties, Ridings or Divisions, Cities or Places, in relation to which such Returns respectively apply; u

and the respective Justices of Assizes and other Justices aforesaid, are hereby authorized and empowered to make an Order on the Treasurer of the said Counties, Ridings or Divisions, Cities or Places, for the Payment

thereof

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

[Name of the Circuit or Place from whence the Return is made.]

A RETURN of the Number of Person* committed to the different Gaols in the several Countie* within thfc Circuit [or, the Gaol of or, the Gaol within, as the case may for Trial at the Afiie* [o#V

Great Seflloo, Session of Oyer zn&Terminer, Quarter or General Session of the Peace, holden for, as the

eafemaybe'] in the Year 18; distinguishing particularly the Crimes with which they were severally charged upon

their Commitment; the Crime* of which such of them as were indicted were severally indicted; and the Crimes of which such of them a* were convicted, were severally convicted; and distinguishing under each Head of Offence the Number* convicted, acquitted, discharged by reason of no Bill being found against them, and discharged by reason of no Prosecution; and the Sentence* of such as were convicted; and the Number of those capitally convicted, who have been executed.

1 Crimes with which they.were severally charged upon their Commitment. Crimea of which they were indicted. Crimes of which such of them as were convicted, were severally convicted. Acquitted by Verdict of Jury. Discharged by reason of no Bill beiagfound. Discharged by reason of no Prosecution. TotalNumber of Per-, Tons committed.

Total Number of Per-7 Tons committed J Number of Persons \ indicted J Not indicted Total Number of Persons 7 convicted J Acquitted by Vordift 7 of Jury $ No Bi& found agahtft - - No Profecuden of Total -

94 0>*jo.

5'* GEORGII III.

SC HEtJULE — *- continued.

an

Crimes and Sentences of Prisoners convicted.

*: CRIMES. Wafer of Per-t Ibfife ctrii- 1 tided. SENTENCES. Number of Per-(bus capitally convicted who have been executed.

i i Death. ThrrtTporthtfcn. »- impi IIUIIURR t. 1. Fine. i om* Judgment. rented. t

t4 Yeirs. 7 Years. Tears. I Tear.*Month, and under.

CAP. L.

An Act for the Abolttioti of Gobi «ld other Fees* conne&td with tk GaOls in England*

[rath Mty iSry.J

4 ^MrttfeS.EAS It 18 expbdi&ft, lor the bettet* Government of Gadlt and BridfcWtffU in England, that all c yV Fees and Gratoities payable at the ftme, fot* the Entrance, Commitment or Discharge df An# 4 Prisonei*, should be abolished; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and witA the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeftt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of 03o5er next, all Fee* and Gratuities paid or payable by any Prisoner, on the Entrance, Commitment or Dischafge, to or from Prison, shall absolutely ceaie, and the same are hereby abolished and determined. £&* at to The tCitig*t

Bench, &c. 5 14-3

II. And Whereas in some Places such Fees and Gratuities as aforesaid Are payable to the Gaoler or hit Quarter Sessions C &crvant8* and are him or them as a Salary Be it enacted, That it may be lawful for the Justices of to make Allow- the Peace for any County, City or Town, assembled in General or Quarter Sessions, to make such Allowance* to Gikera, ances to the aforesaid Gaoler or Servant*, as may to them seem fit, in the Way of Salary or Competffation, &c. for the Fees or Gratuities, payable by Prisoners, now abolished by this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace for any County, City or Town, may direct the said Allowances to be paid out of any County Rate, City Rate or Town Rate, now by Law authorized to be made and levied.

IV. And Whereas it is customary for Clerks of the Assize, Clerks of the Peace, Clerks of the Court or their Deputies, or other Officers in the Courts of Aflrze or Session, to demand and take from Persona indicted, divers Sums in the Way of Fees* Be it enacted, That every Prisoner who now is or hereafter shall be charged with ojr indicted for any Felony, or as an Accessary thereto, or with or for any Misdemeanor, before any Court holding Criminal jurisdiction within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and inland called England., against whom no Bill of Indictment shall be found by the Grand Jury, or who, on his, her or their Trial shall be acquitted, or who shall be discharged by Proclamation for want of Prosecution, shall be immediately set at large, without Payment of any Fee or Sum of Money, for or in respect of his, her or their Discharge, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; except only in such Cases wherein the Prisoner shall have been charged, and shall then Hand charged with any Process authorizing the Detention of such .Prisoner: Provided always, that if it shall happen that any Prisoner who shall so stand charged with any Process authorizing his Detention aS dforefafd, ftwdl have been discharged in supposed Obedience to this Act, by nerson that the Sheriff 6r Other Gffifcet entirted to have detained him was at the time of such his Discharge ignorant that there was any such Charge against him, it shall in such case be lawful for such Sheriff or other Officer, on receiving Information of such Charge, presently to retake the Prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, and thereupon forthwith to detain him in Custody upon such Charge, in such manner as the said Sheriff or "Other Officer might have done if such Prisoner had not been set at large; and that upon his being so retaken the'feid Prisoner shall be deemed for the Purpose of that Suit to have been in Custody continually from the time when he so first flood charged as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Feet as have been usually paid or payable to the several Clerks of Anize and Clerks of the Peace, Clerks of the Court, or their Deputies, in that Part of Court, Assize, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall

Ac. abWished. absolutely cease, and the same are hereby abolished and dftermined; and, from and after the passing of this Act, no Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of the Court, or their Deputies, shall ask, demand, take or receive any Sum or Sums of Money, from any of the said Prisoners as Fees, for or in respect of his, her or their Discharge.

xx VI. And

Fms or Gratuities payable at Glols arid Bridewell! abolished.

Allowances paid out of Count/ Rates, ace.

Prisonws

charge4 with Felony or Misdeameanour ana acquittdff, discharged^l httSt Payment of Fees, &c.

I

TeesufbeHy paid to Ciexks

A.n.i«ij. ss*GB0JU3II HI.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu and Satisfaction of such lawful Fee* so aboHbed as aforesaid, the Treasurers or other proper Officer? of the several Counties in England\ or of such Districts, Hundreds, Ridings or Divisions of a County ?is are not usually assessed to the County at largf, and of such Cities, Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, Liberties, Franchises and Places, as do not pay to the Rates of the several Counties in which they are respectively situated, ball, on receiving a Certificate signed by One or mqre Judge or Justfoe of the Peace, before whom such Prifaper ball have bqen dffcterged $s vronesaid* (which Certificate the Judge pr Justic? is hereby requited tp give), pay out of the Rates of such County, or of such District, Hundred, Riding or Pivision, or out of the publfa Stock of such City, Town Corporate Cinque Port, Litemy, Fpaochffe or Place, such lawful Sum as has been usually paid upon, that Qccfffioq, for very Prisoner discharged as aforesaid, to such Clerk of Affi&e, Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the Court* or their irfp^ye. Deputies; which several Sums so paid in piirfoance of this Act shall be respectively allowed to the bid Tmfoiev and Officers, by the Justfoes before w^w their Accounts shall be paffej.

VII. And bekfUft&qd, That each and every Clerk of the Peace, or his or their Deputy oy Deputies* and all and every Officer who shall claim any Fees or Indemnification far the fame, by virtue of any of the Provisions hereinbefore contained, for and in respqft of any such f'rifoner?, shall deliver at each and eyenf Session of the Peace, or at fame Adjournment thereof, an Account of all Fees so due to him, or far which he ball claim any Indemnification; which Account bail be verified upon Oath in Court, before the Chairman of such Sessions.

yill. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of Assize ball, at each and every Affiae to be holden, deliver in to the Judge of the Affile who ball fit for the Trial off such Prisoners, an Account of such Fees qs shall be due to him, for and in respect of such Prisonera; which Account shall be verified upon Oath before such Judge to whom such Account shall be delivered.

IX. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, Clock of the Coust, or their Deputies or other Officers, ex*ftfag such Fees, ball be [rendered inca* peble-of holding his or their Offices, and be guilty of a Misdeme*nor.

X. AiwiWheneas it.hath been custowary m foipe places far the Sheriff or Under Sheriff to demand for the

I[iberate g«tited to any Debtor on his Discharge, a Fee qr, GratuityBe ft enacted, That such Literate

te glinted to such Debtor free of all E*pencea; and that it shall be in the* Power of the Justice of the ^etejrfor each County, Gity or Town, assembled in Quarter Session, fiityeft however to the Approbation of the Judges of Affine, to make such Compenbuon tq the Sheriff or Under Sheriff, out of the County, City or Tbwo Rate, as ball to them feym fit.

XI. And Whereas there are frveral Cities, Towns Corporate and Places within this Kingdom, which do

not contribute to the Payment of any County Rate, and have iY> Town Rate or Public Stock; and Doubt*

may arise whether such Cities, Towns Corporate and Plages can te legally rated and aUfefifed towards the

Payment of the Salaries, Allowances and Cowpenfatipus in lieeu of such Fees and Gratuities* Be it enacted, That io all such cases the Salaries, Allowances and Compassions, in lieu of Fees and Gratuities hereinbefore directgd to be made* shall be raffed, levied, cofiefted and paid, within such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, by a separate Rate and Assessment to be made by the Churchwardens and Qrafeera of the Poor of the several Baciites and Precinftfl within such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places# and by foeh and the like Ways, Methods and Means, as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, ace, can or may te raised, levied and collected, in such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places.

XII. And Whereas it may happen that the Sums of Money to be raised in the said Cities, Towns Gofc-

forate and Places, or fame or one of them, to answer and pay £uch Salaries, Allowances and Compenb-

tions hereinbefore directed to be made in lieu of Fees and Gratuities by this Act abolibed may be so final),

that it may not te convenient to make an equal separate Rate and Aneffinent for the fame, upon the said

Parishe8 and Prtcinfts within such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places; Be it enacted, That so such folk mentioned case, and when and as often as the fame ball happen, the Salaries, Allowances and Compensations ball and may, by Order of the said Judge or Judges, or Justices in Session* assembled as aforesaid, be paid out of the Monies from time to time raised fox the Relief of the Poor in the said feieral Cities, Towns Corporate and Plaees; and the Treasurers or Potions from time to time having the Management of the said Monks raised for the Relief of the Poor in the fame Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, respectively am hereby authorized and reauired to pay the said Sums of Money so ordered to be paid by the said Judge, or Judges, or Justices, of the said foil mentioned Monies, when and as often as. the fame ball he (bordered: Provided ahfays, that the Order for such Allowances as may be made, by the Justices of the Peace assembled in General or Quarter Sessions, be approved by the Judge or Judges of Affiae on the First Circuit redoing after fact Waoiwt shall have been made out by the Justices of Peace assembled in General or Quarter Session for any, County, City or Town, and that such Order shall not be deemed ox taken as a legal Order without such Warrant from the Judge or Judges of Assize: Provided always, that should there be more Paribes than One in the feme District, the Payments are to be made and levied in such Ratos and Fsttporrionyaithe respective Pari&e* pay to the Poor Rate.

XIII. And be it enacted, That any Gaoler, who shall, from and after, the First Day of0 8ohcr next, exact from any Prisoner any Fee or Gratuity for or on Account of the Entraner, Commitment or Dischaxge.of such Prisoner, or who (balldetain any Prisoner in Custody for Nonpayment of any Fee or Gratuity, shall he mwfesed incapable of holding his Office, be guilty of a Misdemeanmv and be puntbed by Fine and Imprisoomqst.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained (half be cooftxuedto extend to the King'j Bench Pruon, His Majesty's Prifrtn of tht Fleet* the Marshcdfm and Balace Courts.

XV. Provided always, and beAqaafted, That this Act may. be altered, amended ox repeated, within this present Session of Parliament.

County Tr*4-furers to psy Allowance? for Placet not usually assessod to County at Urge. j

Indemnidctttoa for Fees to Clerks of Pfescx

Clerics of Affix* to deliver Account of Fees.

Officers existing Fees.

MifderaeiDor.

Liberates to Debtorsgranted free of Ripened, Com pen Cation made to Sherffit for lame.

How Allowances raisedfor Places which do not contribute to County Rates.

Attowsnces in certain Places paid dutef Poor's Ratsw

Profifo.

P/QVVX

Gaolers etadS ing any Fee, &c. from Prhbners. Mddemeanor.

Not to extend to Ring's Bench. &c.

Act altered, Sec.

Justices in

General or Quarter Sessions, to make fair and equal County Rate, whenever Circumstances appear to require it.

Prerifr.

14 G. 4* C. 29.

Juffiees to require Churchwardens and t verl'eers to make Returns of Annual Value of Rateable Pro-party.

JufficeteAing hr Divisions empowered to receive Returns.

C. 51. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

CAP. U

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force, are found ineffectual for the Correction of the Disproportions

which now exist, or which may from time to time take place, in the Assessments of County Rates; Be it hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the Several Counties in that Part of Great Britain called England, assembled at their General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, whenever Circumstances shall appear to require it, to order and direct a fair and equal County Rate to be made, for all the Purposes to which the County Stock or Rate is now or shall hereafter be made liable by Law, according to the Directiona herein after mentioned; and for that Purpose, to assess and tax every Parish, Township and Other Place, whether Parochial or Extra-parochial, within the respective Limits of their Commissions, rateably and equally, according to a certain Pound Rate (to be from time to time fixed and publicly declared by such Justices) of the full and fair Annual Value of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, rateable to the Relief of the Poor therein 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding j Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give any Jurisdiction to the Justices of the Peace of the said several Counties, over any Placet situate within the Limits of any Liberties or Franchises having a separate Jurisdiction, which before the passing of this Act were subject to Rates in the nature of County Rates imposed and assessed by the Justices of the Peace for such Liberties or Franchises, or which were exempt from the Rates of the County in which they lie, either in the Whole or in Part; nor to alter any Proportion of County Rate payable by any Liberty or Franchise having a separate Jurisdiction, as established between the County and the said Liberty or Franchise, provided such Exemption or Proportion shall have been created by or derived from Grant, Charter, or any special Local Act of Parliament; nor to compel any such Liberty or Franchise, paying to some One or more of the Rates specified in the Preamble of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy assessing % eolleSing and levying County Rates, to pay to any other Rate therein mentioned, to which such Liberty or Franchise was not liable to contribute before the passing of the said Act 5 nor to repeal or alter the Provisions of any Acts now in force which shall have fixed the Times and Places of holding any General or Annual General Sessions or Adjournment thereof, for the assessing the Rates of any County, or for the raising, levying or collecting the fame, but that such Provisions so fixing the Time or Place of holding such General or Annua General Sessions or Adjournment thereof, and of then and there exclusively transacting the Matters therein mentioned respecting the County Rates, shall be and remain in full Force; and that all the Matters and Things which in and by this Act are authorized to be done by the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, shall be done and performed exclusively at such General or Annual General Sessions or at some Adjournment thereof, and at no other Time or Place than such si shall have been.fixed by any such Act.

II. And, for the better enabling the said Justices to make such fair and equal County Rates, be it hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for them, at any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof (to be holden after the passing of this Act) and as often as they shall deem it expedient, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to issue Precepts, signed by their Chairman, or by the Clerk of the Peace under the Authority of the said Court, to the High Constables, Petty Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Assessors and Collectors of Public Rates and Taxes of or for the several and respective Parishes, Townships and Places, whether Parochial or otherwise, within their Jurisdiction, or to such and so many of them as to the said Justices shall seem expedient, requiring the said Constables, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, Assessors and Collectors respectively, to make Returns

in Writing to the Justices of their respective Divisions in Petty Sessions assembled (which Retnrns shall be verified on Oath, at the time of Delivery, before any Two or more such Justices), of the Total Amount of the full and fair Annual Value of the several Estates and rateable Property within the Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, to which they respectively belong, charged or assessed to the Poor's Rate at the time of making such Return, or liable so to be, or charged or assessed on any other Rate or Assessment, whether Parochial or Public, without regard nevertheless to the actual Amounts or Sums assessed on the Property therein, save and except in such Parishes, Town ships or Places only, where such Property is aiTefled to the full and fair estimated annual productive Value.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled at their General or " Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, whenever

they shall deem it expedient for the Purposes of this Act, also to make an Order or Orders for the Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their Commissions, to meet from time to time within the several Divisions in and for which they respectively aft, and to fix therein the time of such First Meeting; and the said Justices in their respective Divisions shall have Power to adjourn from time to time, until the Purposes of this Act shall be completed; and any Two or more such Justices, assembled at any such Meeting, shall receive the Returns of the said Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers, Assessors and Collectors, causing the same to be verified as before directed, and them and every or any of them to examine on Oath touching any Matters and Things sustained in such Returns, as in the Judgment of the said Justices may appear necessary for the Purposes of this

12 Act,

97

A.D. 181j. JS° GEORGII III. C.jt.

Act, and to report their Proceedings to the said Justices assembled at the next or any subsequent General or Quarter Sessions, as they shall have ordered and directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Assessor or Collector aforesaid, shall neglect or make Default in making any such Return in manner aforesaid, to the Precepts which shall be issued by or under the Authority of the said Justices; then and in every such case each and every such Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Assessor or Collector so neglecting and making Default (without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Sessions), shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by such Justices so assembled as aforesaid, to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor so neglecting or making Default.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of Default by not making due Return of any Matter or Thing required by the Precept of the Justices in General or General Quarter Session assembled, as before directed, it shall be lawful for the Justices in their respective Divisions in Petty Sessions assembled, or any Two or more of them, to issue their Precepts to any Officer or Officers before described, who shall have made such Default, to make their Returns in Writing, as before required, to them, on a Day and at a Place therein to be named, and so from time to time as often as shall be necessary; and in case any Officer before described shall neglect or make Default in making any such Return to the Precepts which shall be issued by any Two or more Justices acting for the Division wherein such Default shall be made, then and in every such case each and every such Officer before described, so neglecting and making Default as aforesaid, without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices acting for such Division, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as shall or may be ordered and adjudged by such last mentioned Justices, to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Officers so negledfcing or making Default.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, Assessor or Assessors, or Collector or Collectors, shall neglect or make Default in making such Return or Returns as aforesaid, or if it shall happen that notwithstanding the incurring of any such Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Neglect or Default, a Return for any Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, shall not be made within the time limited for the making thereof, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby required, either at the said General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter Sessions to be held for the same County, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some Petty Sessions, or Adjournment or Adjournments thereof respectively, as the case may be, to ascertain the annual Value of the Property chargeable to the County Rate, within or for each and every the Parish, Township and Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, of which the Constable or Constables, Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, shall have so negledfced or made Default in making such Return as aforesaid, by issuing frefti Precepts, or by such other means as may appear to the said Justices the most convenient and proper towards the obtaining a just and fair Estimate of such annual Value; and the said Justices of the Peace of the County in General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, assembled, acting on their own Discretion, or on the Report of any Two or more Justices acting in and for any Division of such County, as the case may be, shall order such Allowance or Compensation to be made to the Persons employed in ascertaining the said annual Value and in making such Returns as aforesaid, as to the said Justices so assembled shall appear reasonable; and all such Allowances and Compensations, and other Expences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be by the said Justices so assembled charged upon the Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, of which the Church, warden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, shall have so neglected or made Default as aforesaid, in addition to the Proportion of the said County Rate to be paid by such Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise; and such Allowances, Compensations and Expences, shall and may be raised, levied and collected by such and the like ways and means as the said County Rate can or may be raised, levied and collected, and shall be paid therewith, due Distinction being made in the case of every such additional Assessment between the Sum or Sums charged for and on account of any such Expences and the Sum or Sums assessed as and for the County Rate.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cases and Places as aforesaid, where there are no Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or where no Rate is made and collected for the Relief of the Poor, or where the Justices of the Peace of any County or of any Division thereof, assembled as aforesaid, for the Purpose of receiving such Returns as aforesaid of the Annual Value of the Property chargeable to the County Rate, shall be of Opinion that the Returns made to them do not afford a full, fair and just Account of the Annual Value of the Property rateable, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace so assembled, to summon before them any one or more substantial Inhabitant of such Places respectively, or any other Person or Persons whom they the said Justices may think proper to give Evidence as to the fair Annual Value of such rateable Property; and then and there to examine such Inhabitant or Inhabitants and other Person or Persons respectively on Oath (which Oath any One or more of the said Justices is and are hereby authorized to administer) as to the Annual Value of such Property.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in such Place or Places where there is no Poor's Rate, or Overseer of the Poor or Churchwarden, or other Officer, necessary for the Execution of the Provisions of this Act, residing within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace of the County requiring such Returns, and in which there is any Property liable to the Poor's Rate, but not rated or assessed thereto, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace of the County, assembled as aforesaid, or for the Justices of the Peace resident in and acting for any Division of the County in which such Place or Places are situate, at any

*55 Geo. III. O Petty

Churchwardens and Overseers not making Returns.

[Penalty.]

Justices in Petty Sessions assembled, empowered to issue Precepts to Officers, requiring them to make Returns iu Writing.

[Penalty.]

ParKhes assessed, although no Return made.

Parishes assessed where no Over-seers or Churchwardens, or w here no Poor's Rate, or where Returns in-sufficient.

Where no Poor's Rate or Overseer, Justices to appoint.

98

Justices empowered to call for Parliamentary and Parochial AssessTmentSj&c.

Refafing to at* tend Justicej, &c.

[Penalty.]

Copies of AlTeff-ments.

[Penalty.]

Lands may be entered upon to ascertain Value.

[Proviso.]

Justices of Division to certify Value ascertained to Justices in Quarter Sessions,

Justices authorized to issue Warrants for levying new Hates according to usual Practice.

C. 51. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Petty Sessions or Adjournment thereof, to be holden by them within such Division as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized ana required to appoint One or more proper Person or Persons to act as Overseer or Overseers, or other such Officer as aforesaid, who is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to act within such Place or Places respectively, for effecting the Purposes of this Act; and such Person or Persons respectively shall have the like Powers vested in him or them, and shall be subject to the fame Regulations and Penalties lor effecting all such Purposes, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been appointed Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or other Officer or Officers, under any Law or Laws now in force.

IX. And, for the better enabling as well the said Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, as the Justices of the several Divisions acting under the Order or Orders of the Justices assembled as aforesaid, respectively, to ascertain the fair Annual Value of all Property liable to be so rated, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, or any Two or more of them, from time to time, whenever the fame may be in the Judgment of such Justices necessaty for the more correct Execution of this Act, to cause any of the Books of Assessment of any Rates or Taxes, Parliamentary or Parochial, which have lately been, are now, or shall hereafter be laid on any Part of the Property liable to be assessed towards the Purposes for which a County Rate is applicable, and the Valuation by which such Assessments are or were made, mentioned and described, within any Parish or Place within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Justices, in the Hands of any Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Assessor or Collector, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies or Extracts of and from such Books or any Parts thereof, or to order and direct any Person to take such Copies or Extracts from such Books, in the Hands of them or any of them, without having the fame brought before the said Justices, or to call before them any such Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Assessor or Collector, to give Evidence respecting the fame, as they or he or any of them shall think fit, such Compensation being made to the Person or Persons employed for any of the Purposes aforesaid, as the said Justices or any Two or more of them shall think reasonable; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any 01 the said Books may be, shall neglect or refuse to attend the said Justices with such Book or Books, or to permit any such Copies or Extracts to be taken as aforesaid, or to give such Information or Evidence on Oath as may be required by such Justices (which Oath such Justices or any One or more of them are and is hereby authorized to administerj then and in every such case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and moreover it shall be lawful for such Justices, in the like cases, from time to time to cause Copies of the Total Amount assessed in each Parish, Township or Place, in respect of any Aids or Taxes payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Total Amount of the Valuation 01 the Property on which such Assessmenti were made in any Year then elapsed, to be made out by the Clerk to the Commissioners of each Diilrift within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justices, such Compensation being made to the respective Clerks as the said Justices, or any Two of them, shall think reasonable; and if any such Clerk shall neglect or refuse to make out such Copies within a reasonable time after his Receipt of the Order of such Justices, every such Clerk shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

X. And, for the better enabling the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, Chief Conilables, and other Persons, to make accurate Returns as hereinbefore required, in cases where Doubts are entertained, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, or for such other Person or Persons as they may select for that Purpose, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, to enter upon, view and examine all and any Lands or other Property chargeable to the County Rate, in order to ascertain the annual Value at which the fame ought to be charged: Provided always, that no such Entry shall in any case be made, unless Fourteen Days previous Notice of the Intention of making such Entry shall have been given under the Hands and Seals of the Justices authorizing the fame, to the Churchwardens or Overseers, or to the Person or Persons appointed to act, in Default of such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, and to the Person or Persons whose Lands are to be entered upon for the Purpose of making such Valuation.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled shall have ordered any County Rate to be made, which they are hereby authorized to order from time to time whenever the same shall be necessary, and the Justices in Petty Sessions shall by any of the aforesaid ways and means have ascertained to their own Satisfaction the fair and just annual Value of any or of all the rateable Property within their respective Divisions, and they are hereby required from time to time to certify under their Hands the true Amount thereof, to the then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the same County, to the Intent that at such General or Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter Sessions, or Adjourment or Adjournments thereof, the Justices there assembled may from time to time, and as often as they shall deem it necessary, make a fair and equal Rate on all such Rateable Property, or correct any Inequalities which upon Appeal shall be shown to their Satisfaction to exist in any Rate now existing or hereafter to be made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it mall be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of any County, or the major Part of them, in General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, assembled, as often as they shall have deemed it necessary to make a Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments on all the rateable Property within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, according to the fair annual Value of the fame, as derived from any or all of the several Sources of Information which are hereinbefore mentioned, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order Warrants to be from time to time issued, in the same manner as now authorized and practised by Law for collecting the County Rates, to the several High

10 \ Constablet,

A.D. 181$.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 51.

99

Constables, within their respective Counties, ordering and4 requiring them to issue their Warrants to the respective Overseers of the Poor within their respectire Divisions, to levy, collect and pay to the said High Constables, within a time to be named and limited in the Warrant to be issued from the Sessions as aforesaid, all such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which each High Constable shall and he is hereby directed and required to pay, at such time as shall be specified in such Warrant, to the Treasurer of the County for the time being, to be applied and disposed of in such manner and for such Purposes as the County Stock or Rate is now applicable or may hereafter be made applicable by Law; and in case any Overseer or Over leers of the Poor, or other Person appointed to act as such under the Provisions of this Act, in any of the federal Parishes, Township or Places, whether Parochial or otherwise, within any County liable to pay the same, shall neglect, make default or refuse to pay the same within the time to be specified and limited for that Purpose as aforesaid, to the High Constable of the Division within which such Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons so liable ana neglecting to pay, shall reside or be appointed to act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the said County, upon Complaint thereof made by any such High Constable, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offenders* Goods; and the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, or other Person or Persons appointed to act as such Overseer or Overseers, shall and may and is and are hereby empowered to levy and raise by an equal Rate or Assessment upon all and every the several Estates and Property rateable to the Relief of the Poor, within their respective Parishes, Townships or Places, whether Parochial or otherwise, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be required and necessary, in order to raise the several Sums assessed upon such Parishes, Townships or Places respectively, or to re-imburse such Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall respectively have paid on account of the fame 5 such Rate or Assessment to be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the time being of such Estates and rateable Property as aforesaid.

XIII. And Whereas it would be inconvenient and oppressive to many Townships or Places, that the

Sum of Money which maybe assessed on them, as or for a County Rate under this Act, should be paid out

of any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor, where such Poor Rate doth not apply separately and distinctly to the Parish, Township or Place Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, if they shall think convenient, to order the Sum of Money directed to be assessed as or for the County Rate on any such Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, to be paid and levied on the Churchwardens, Overseers or Petty Constables, of or for any such Parish, Township or Place, in such manner as the fame is herein directed to be paid and levied in cases where no Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor; any thing herein contained, or any Law, Usage or Custora to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or other Inhabitant or Inhabitants of any Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, where there is no Churchwarden or Overseer, or Person appointed to act as such, shall at any time have reason to think that such Parish, Township or Place, is aggrieved by any Rate now existing or hereafter to be made, either in pursuance of this Act or of any Act or Acts now in force, whether it be on account of the Proportions assessed upon the respective Parishes, Townships or Places being unequal, or on account of some one or more of them being without sufficient Cause omitted altogether from the Rate, or on account of such Parish, Township or Place being rated at a higher Proportion of the Pound Sterling according to the fair annual Value of the rateable Property therein, or on account of some other Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Place or Places being rated at a lower Proportion of the Pound Sterling according to the fair annual Value of the rateable Property therein, than has been fixed and declared by the Justices of the Peace of the said County in Sessions assembled, as the Basis of the Rate of the said County, or on account of any other just Cause of Complaint whatsoever; it shall be lawful for such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or other Inhabitant or Inhabitants where there is no Churchwarden or Overseer, or Person appointed to act as such, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, at any General or Quarter Sessions, against such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Place or Places, which are unequally rated, or which shall appear to be over-rated or under-rated, or omitted altogether from the Rate; and the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, ana either to confirm such Parts of the Rate as have been appealed against, or to correct such Inequalities, Disproportions or Omissions, as shall be proved to exist therein, in such manner as to them the said Justices shall appear fair, just and equitable; any thing in this Act, or any former Act or Acts, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal, no such Rate shall be quashed or destroyed in regard to any other Parish, Township or Place, unless in cales where the Justices of the Peace of any County, m General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or the major Part of them, shall deem it necessary to proceed to the making of an entire new Rate, and shall proceed therein according to the Provisions of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, respecting any thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes, Townships, Places and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions, as the said Justices shall upon any Appeal, in their General or Quarter Sessions, award and order; or as such Courts, wherein such Actions, Suits or Proceedings shall be instituted, shall adjudge and brder; and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

O 2 XVI. And

Overseers neglecting to pay Rates.

Distrefi.

In Places where Poor Rate does not separately apply, Justices may order County Rate, ter1 be levied as where no Poor Rate.

Appeal.

Proviso*

Expence of Appeals paid by Parishei, or Persons appealing.

IOO

Power to Justices to compensate Merlons employed, out of County Rote.

xaO.a. c. 29.

fix.

In part repealed*

Allowance to Treat urer.

[Proviso.]f Sic,

Treasurer of Counties, &c. to publish every Yejr^Abftiad Account of Receipts, &c* Penalty.

High Constabfis to give Security.

Former A£h extended to

Atf.

xa G. a. c. 29. 13 G. 2. c. 18.7-

Exception.

Conn ties where Rates regulated by particular Acts, authorised to make use of Provisions of Act.

C.ji. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County, in General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, from time to time assembled, to order such Allowances and Compepfations to be made to the Overseers, Churchwardens, Constables, Assessors, Collectors, Clerks or other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, which hare not hereinbefore been provided for, from, by and out of the Monies afiefled, levied and collected by any County Rate made under this or any former Act or Acts, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper.

XVII. And Whereas the Allowance which the Justices of the Peace are authorized to make to the

Treasurer or Treasurers for his or their Care and Pains in the Execution of his or their Office, stands limited by the before recited Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second,

to a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds a Year: And Whereas such Sum has been m some, and may be

found in many cases inadequate to remunerate him or them for such Care and Pains* Be it hereby further enacted, That so much of the said Act as limits the said Allowance to Twenty Pounds a Year, is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, at their respective General or Quarter Sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, to allow to the Treasurer or Treasurers of their Counties, and to every of them insisting on the fame, such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money for such Purpose as aforesaid, as they in their Discretion shall think fit, of which they are hereby empowered to direct the Payment out of the Monies arising by the Rates of their respective Counties: Provided always* that no such Augmentation of Allowance shall be made at any such General or Quarter Sessions, unless Application for such Augmentation shall have been made by the said Treasurer or Treasurers, or f the Justices of the peace, at some previous General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and unless Notice of the Intention of taking the said Augmentation into Consideration shall have been advertised for Three successive Weeks in some Newspaper usually circulating in such County, in the Month immediately preceding the time fixed for considering the lame*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Several Treasurers of Counties, or of Divisions of Counties, shall and they are hereby required, once in every Year, to publish in some one of the Newspapers usually circulating in the County or Division of the County in which they respectively ad, a true and accurate Ab-strad of the Account of their Receipts and Expenditures, under their Several Heads, for the Year immediately preceding the Publication of such Abstract, signed by the Justices of the Peace who shall have audited the fame, under a Penalty of Fifty Pounds, for every Omimon of such Publication.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of the said Several Counties are hereby authorized and empowered to demand and take, whenever they shall think fit, good and Sufficient Security, to be approved of by the said Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, from the High Constables. employed in the collecting and levying the Rates; and that if any such High Constable, upon being so called upon by the said Justices, shall negfed or ref use to give such Security as shall be approved by them, it shall then be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace in Quarter Sessions assembled, to order and direct the Churchwardens and Overseerq of the Poor, or other Persons appointed to assess, collect and levy the Rates of any Parish, Township or Place to pay the Quota which shall be assessed thereupon towards the County Rate, to the Treasurer of the County, Division or Place in which such Parish, Township or Place, shall be situate; and the Receipt of such Treasurer shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Same.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisiona and Authorities contained in the said Act made in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy assesstug, collecting and levying County Rates; and also so much of another Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to continue fevered A3s therein mentioned, for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and malic iously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways; or Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exadions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames Wcjlward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrefis; and for better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; and for limiting the Time for Juing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner of applying for the fame; for the better ana more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises and Liberties; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Jujliccs of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves, as relate to County Rates save and except such Parts thereof respectively as are hereby varied, altered or repealed) shall be good, valid andefledual, for the Purposes of affefluig, levying, collecting and enforcing the Payment of the Rate or Rates hereafter to be made in pursuance of this Act, and for carrying this Act into Execution.

XXI. And Whereas Several Acts have passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, and are now in force, 1 empowering the Justices of the Peace of certain Counties to make fair and equal County Rates within their respective Counties* Be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices respectively, and they are hereby empowered, at any time and at all times after the passing of this Act, to proceed in the assessing, levying and collecting and enforcing the Payment of the County Rate, and in all Matters relating to the equalizing the fame, either under the Authority and according to the Provisions and Enact-ments of this Act, or under the Authority and according to the Provisions ana Enadments of the particular Acts affecting their respective Counties, as to them mail Seem fit and proper, in all cases in which the Provisions and Enadments of this Act are not inconsistent with the Provisions and Enadments of such particular Acts.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 51, 5a. 101

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if Penalties, &c. not immediately paid* be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders* Goods and Chattels* by virtue of any how levied and Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the County, not only in the County aPPl, ed-in which the Offence shall have been committed, but in any other County, City, Town, Borough* Franchise or Place {the Warrant or Warrants for levying the fame being in such last mentioned case first indorsed by some Justice of the Peace for the County, or Mayor, or other Head Officer of the City, Town, Borough or Franchise, where any Goods of the respective Defaulters shall be found) returning the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deduded 5 and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said County, Imprisoniteut. Acre to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the Forfeitures and Charges be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Trea-farer of the County, or of any Division thereof, in which they shall have been Incurred, to be applied in aief of the Rates of the said County or Division thereof; and no Person shall be deemed incompetent to be a Who may be a Witness for the Execution of the Purposes of this Act, or in any Appeal or other Proceeding rnstituted by Witness. virtue thereof, by reason of his paying or being liable to pay towards the Poor Rates or County Rates within the hud County.

XXIII. Provided aHo, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or limitation of prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any thing done or to be done by virtue of or in mirftrance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months next after the fad committed; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead, at his, her or their Election, this Act speciatty or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be General Issue. had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every the said cases the Jury (half find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and m all cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeered thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such PTaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants fhaff recover Treble Costs, and have the Treble Coflk. like remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other cases by Law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Ridings or Divisions have separate Commissions of the Provisions of Peace, or where any Cities, Towns or other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, have Commissions of the Peace within themselves, and are not fobjed to the Jurisdiction of the Commissions of the Peace for the Counties at large in which such Liberties or Franchises lie, and do not, nor did before the passing^ptIcet of this Act, contribute or pay to the several Rates made for the said Counties at large* it shall and may lie lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of such separate Jurisdictions within the respective Limits of their Commissions, to have, use and exercise all and singular the Powers, Authorities and Methods, given or prescribed by this Act; and all such separate Jurisdictions are hereby declared to be subject thereto, in the feme manner to all Intents and Purposes as Counties at large; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, several Acts for charging additional Duties on Copper imported into Great Britmm

[12th May iSiy.J

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be revived and continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an additional Duty on 48 G. 3. c. 67. Copper imported into Great Britain until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Stssion of Parliament, which by an Act of the Fifty first Year of the 51 0.3. c. 31. Reign of His present Majesty was amended and further continued until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months revived and after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived continue^ and continued in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present 5* G» 3, c. 8, Majesty, intituled An Act for charging an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall, from and after the revived and passing of this Act, he revived and continue m force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand cjghthundred and twenty.

CAP.

icfe

43 O.3. e. ii.

45 0.3. c. 15.

46 G. 3. c. 65.

Hates, Duties arid Contributions of former Acts revived for One Year.

Acts in force on or before April St 1815, continued.

46 G. 3. c. 65. 5100.

Assessments of 1814, under Schedules (/V.) and (B.) to remain in force for

1*1 S.

Assessments made under Schedules (D.) and (£.) for 1814, shall continue for 18x5,

e?53> 55° GEORGII III. A-D.-ig^.

Cap. ini.

An Act to revive and continue for One Year the Duties and Contributions on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, in Great Britain.

[12th May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of Your Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for9VV granting to His Majesty, until the Sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive9Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profit arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, certain

Rates, Duties and Contributions, on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and also by Two several Acts passed in the Forty fifth and Forty sixth Years of Your Majesty's Reign, the one

thereof intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties, in Great Britain, on the Amount of Afeffments to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and the other9thereof intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War and until the Sixth Day of April

next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties, in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and for9repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth of His present Majesty for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property,

9 Professions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the feud9Duties, certain further Rates, Duties and Contributions, on the like Profits, were granted to Your Majesty,

for a Term therein limited; and which Rates, Duties and Contributions were consolidated by the said last

mentioned Act, and have expired after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; f We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, have freely and voluntary resolved to revive the said Rates, Duties and Contributions, and to grant the same to Your Majesty, for the Period herein after mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Rates, Duties and Contributions by the said several Acts granted, and consolidated by the said last mentioned recited Act, shall be and are hereby revived, and shall be charged, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Term of One whole Year, to be computed from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and until the Assessments for that Year shall be completed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Acts in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in relation to the said recited Duties so expired, shall severally be continued and remain in full force, and be of the like Effect in all respects, in relation to the Duties hereby granted, as if the said recited Duties had not expired; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Acts in force as aforesaid, or any of them, as well for the assessing the Duties hereby granted during the Period herein limited, as for levying, recovering, paying, deduding and apportioning the Duties so assessed, and the Arrears remaining unpaid at the Determination of the time herein limited, and for re-assessing the fame in Default of Payment, and for the filing, adjudging and recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred, which after the Determination of the time herein limited may be unpaid, shall be severally and respectively duly observed, practised, applied and put in Execution, in relation to the Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties* Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and respectively applied to the Duties hereby granted, and shall severally be construed, deemed and taken to refer to this Act, and to apply to the said Duties hereby granted, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted herein; save and except as herein after is particularly provided.

III. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Provisions are contained for continuing the Assessments made under the Schedules of the said Act respectively marked (A.) and (B.) for the Space of Two Years, under the Regulations of the said Act: And Whereas it is expedient that, for the Period limited in this Act, all the Assessments to be made by the Commissioners for General Purposes, acting for their respective Divisions throughout Great Britain, should be made on the Basis of the Assessments made or to be made for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen Be it further enacted, That the Assessments made or to be made of the Duties which are chargeable under either of the Schedules respectively marked (A.) and (B.) of the said last mentioned Act, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and remain in force for the Term limited by this Act, and commencing from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen j under the Regulations contained in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessments made or to be made by the Commissioners for General Purposes, of the Duties which are chargeable before them under either of the Schedules respectively, marked (D.l or (E.) of the said last mentioned Act, for the Year ending the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall also be and remain in force for the said Term limited by this Act, and commencing as aforesaid 5 subject to such of the Rules and Regulations of the said last mentioned Act, in respect of the Continuance of Assessments for Two Years under the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) as are

A.D. 1815 55° GEORGII III. C. 53, 54.

applicable to the Assessment9 hereby continued under Schedules (D.) and (E.) without requiring Returns from the Parties charged therein for that Term, and without altering the Names of the Parties charged 5 and the like Sums shall be levied thereon for the Term limited by this Act, as shall or ought to have been or may be levied thereon, or liable so to be, for the said Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided always, that in all cases where, by the said last mentioned Act, a Return is required of the Annual Value of Property charged under the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) in such Second Year of Assessment, a Return shall be made in the like cases by the Persons charged under either of the Schedules marked (E.) or (D.) for the Term hereby limited, in such manner and under the like Forms as are required by the said last mentioned Act in other cases, under either of the said Schedules marked (D.) or (E.)

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissioner for the Affairs of Taxes, appointed under the Great Seal, shall, within One Month after the passing of this Act, take and subscribe the following Oath in some One of His Majesty's Courts in Westminster:

I A.B. do swear, That I will not disclose any Particulars contained in any Schedule or Statement delivered*x with respect to any Duties charged under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedule (D.) as recited in an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present lVar> and until the Sixth Hay of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and 4 Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties, or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined, or shall make Affidavit, Deposition or Affirmation, respecting the fame, in pursuance of the said Act, which shall have been disclosed or communicated to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, by the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, or by the Additional Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof, or by any Inspectors and Surveyors, or by the Collectors, or the Deputies to the Receivers General, or by any Clerk or Clerks Assistant to the Commissioners acting in Execution of this Act; except where it shall be necessary to disclose the fame in the Execution of my Office as One of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.1

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session.

[See pofi. c. i6l.j

CAP. LIV.

An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and to establish, for Twelve Months, other Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or refxding therein, in certain Cases.

[l2th May 1815.]

WHEREAS, under present Circumstances, it is expedient that an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act (a) for efiahlishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cafesy and forsubstituting other Provisions, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, in lieu thereof should be repealed, and farther and other Provisions made for the Regulation of Aliens; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid shall be and the fame is hereby repealed. (a) [43 G. 3. c. 155.

Now expired independent of the Repeal by 54 G. 3. c. 155.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, by his or their Proclamation, or by His or their Order in Council, or Order under His or their Sign Manual, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall, by Proclamation or Order of Council in Ireland, direct that any Alien or Aliens who may be within the United Kingdom, or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart the United Kingdom within a time limited in any such Proclamation or Order respectively, and any such Alien shall knowingly and wilfully refafe or neglect to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Order respectively, or shall be found in the United Kingdom, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, as the case may be, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City or Place, to cause every such Alien to be arrested, and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or she shall be so arrested, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or she shall be taken in Charge for the Purpose of being sent out of the United Kingdom; and if any such Alien sent out of the United Kingdom, in pursuance of any such Order or Proclamation, or any Order made by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, shall, without Licence for that Purpose by One of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, return into this Kingdom, such Alien being duly convicted thereof, shall be transported for Life.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One or more Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, before whom any such Alien shall be brought for so knowingly and wilfully refusing or neglecting

to

103

Prorlfo,

Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes to take Oath.

Act varied, fee.

54 G. 3. c.X55*

repealed.

Aliens not departing U.K. when ordered by Proclamation, &c.

Returning without Licence.

Traiffporution.

Aliens disobeying Proclamations.

«o* c. 54.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

First Offence. Second Offence*

Secretaries of State, &c. may grant Warrants to coctdu& Aliens out of Kingdom.

Copy of Conviction of Alien trans. mkted to Secretary of State, &c.

M after* of

Vessels to give to Officers of Customsa Declaration of Names, Sec. of Aliens on board.

Aliens landing, Declaration.

to pay due Obedience to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or for being found in tUt Rdakt or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, to adjudge such Alien to suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding One Month for the First Offence, and not exceeding Two Months for the Second Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or hit or their Chief Secretary, in any case in which he or they shall apprehend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any such proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or in any case in which any Alien shall have been arrested or committed for Refusal or Neglect to obey any such Order, or shall have been convicted of such Refusal or Neglect, or of any other Offence under this Act, for which he or she shall be sentenced to be imprisoned, either before or during or after the Period of such Imprisonment, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal, to give such Alien in charge to One of His M^efty's Messengera, or to any other Person or Persons to whom he shall think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his or ner being conduced out of this Realm.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in every case in which any Alien shall be con-, vifted of any Offence under this Act, for which he or she shall be sentenced to be imprisoned, that it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrate before whom such Alien shall be convicted, and he is hereby required, to transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, if in Great Britain, and to the Under Secret taries to the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, if in Ireland, the Copy of the Conviction, and the circumstances of the case on which such Alien shall have been so convicted, in order that such Alien shall be continued in Prison for the Period for which he shall have been committed, or be sent out of the Kingdom as aforesaid, as the case may require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in any Port or Place of this Kingdom shall, immediately on his Arrival and before he shall be allowed to enter or land any Part whatever of the Cargo of the said Ship or Vessel, declare in Writing to any Inspector of Aliens appointed by His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, reffdeot at or near such Port or Place, or where no such Inspector shall be so appointed and resident, to the Collector and Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs at or near such Port or Place, whether there are, to the best of his Knowledge, any Aliens on board his said Vessel; and shall in his said Declaration specify the Number of Aliens {if any) on board his said Vessel, and also specify their Names and respective Ranks, Occupations or Descriptions, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That no Alien shall be permitted to land in this Kingdom, until the Matter or Commander of the Ship or Vessel in which such Alien shall have arrived, shall have made the Declaration concerning Aliens on board his Ship or Vessel required by this Act, and shall have obtained from the proper Officer as aforesaid a Permission in Writing to land such Alien 5 and in case any Alien, not being a Mariner actually engaged and employed as such hi the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, shall land in this Kingdom from any such Ship or Vessel without such Permission first obtained, such Alien shall forthwith be taken into Custody and carried before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall commit such Alien to One of His Majesty's Gaols, or to such other Custody as to such Justice shall seem fit, until His Majesty's Pleasure, or the rleafure of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, if in Ireland* concerning such Alien, shall be known; and the Matter or Commander, or the Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Pounds for every Alien so landed, unleu he A«l moke k appear that such Alien was landed from such Ship or Vessel against the Will of such Matter or Commander, or the Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel; and one Moiety of such Penalty shall go to* His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer; and it shall be lawful for1 such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, as the case may be, to detain such Ship or Vessel until such Penalty shall be paid; and any Boat or Vessel used in landing any such Alien from the Ship or Vessel in which such Alien shall have arrived as aforesaid, shall and may be feieed by such Inspector as aforesaid, or by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, as the case may be; and the same shall be forfeited, together with all Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition and Furniture thereunto respectively belonging.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel fb arriving as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and par the Sum of Twenty So*tnds for each and every Alien who shall have been on board at the time of the Arrival of each Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, whom he shall have wilfully neglected or refused so to declare as aforesaid; One Moiety whereof shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be recovered before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Division, City, Town or Place in which such Offence shall have been committed, by the Conression of the Party, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case flick Matter or Commander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or for any Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs, as the case may be, and tvery such Inspector of Aliens, Collector or Comptroller is, on due Notice of such Conviction and Adjudica-

Shy detained. tjOIlt heweby required to detain such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, until the same shall have been paid.

'en# ffifT^of

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Alien who shall arrive at or in any Port or Place in the Afe1, and Aliena Kingdom, from and after the passing of this Act, shall, immediately after such Arrival, declare m

deyarting, to Writing to such Inspector of Aliens, or to such Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, as the case may be* at or mafe* DtcUra- near such Port or Place, the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which he or she shall have come to this Kingdom; tMMi to Infp$£fe* and every Alien who shall so arrive, and also every Alien who shall depart from any Port or Place of this Realm,

16 from

Imprisontnest.

Matters landing Aliens contrary

to Act.

[Penalty.]

Vessels used in landing forfeited.

Captains of Ship* neglecting to make Declaration..Penalty.

Matter neglecting to p*y Penalty.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 54. 105

from after the piflrog of this Act, shall, immediately after such Arrival or before such Departure refjpeft- of Aliens, or ively, declare in Rke manner to such Officer as aforesaid, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or Descrip- Officer of 1 tion; or if a Domestic Servant, then also the Name, Rank and Description of his or her Matter or Mistress, Cutemsofg^ or shall verbally make to such Officer as aforesaid such Declaration, to be by him reduced to Writing; and 191X1 " shall also in like manner declare the Country or Place from whence he or she shall then have come, and the Place to which he or she is then going, and his or her Frofession or Occupation, and the Narhe and Place of Abode of the Person to whom (if any) he or the is known in this Kingdom; and that every such Alien who shall neglect to make Declaration of the aforesaid Particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false Declaration thereof, may for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or District, in which such Alien shall be found, be imprisoned for Imprisonment. any time not exceeding One Month.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Alien so arriving as aforesaid, shall obtain from such Aliens to ro-

Inspector of Alieiis as aforesaid, or from the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs, ceive Certifi-; as me case mtv he, and such Officers are hereby respectively required to deliver to such Alien, a Certificate of his hr net Declaration made in Writing, or verbally, containing all the Particulars in such Declaration Aliens, or Offi-contained..cer of Customs.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he Act not to in-

confirmed to extend, to any Mariner, whom the Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, arriving in any dude Manners Port or Place in this Kingdom, shall certify to such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or to such Collector, certified to be Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs, m Writing, as the case may be, subscribed by such Matter m

or Commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, during the

time that such Mariner shall remain so actually engaged and employed 5 and which Certificate in Writing, so subscribed as aforesaid, every such Matter or Commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give 5 and if any ]^fters n^lm such Matter shall refuse to give such Certificate as aforesaid to any Person entitled thereto, it shall be lawful sing to give for such Person to apply to any Justice of the Peace, who may thereupon summon such Matter as aforesaid; Certificates, and if, on hearing what shall be alleged and proved by each Party* such Justice shall be of Opinion that such Certificate ought to be granted, and such Matter shall nevertheless refuse to grant the fame, it shall be lawful for such Justice to fine such Matter in any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to the Use of His Majesty, Fine, and on Nonpayment tlierriff, to commit such Matter to Prison for any Time not exceeding One Month, Imprisonmsi*.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Alien so arriving, to import or bring Arms Cased If into this Kingdom any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition whatever, other than as Merchant tttemptsd t# bo dize, and as such subject to the Laws in force at the time of such Importation, respecting the Importation brJ^htj7

of such Arms or Ammunition respectively as Merchandize 5 and that it shall be lawful, for such Inspector of Mar

Aliens as aforesaid, or for any of His Majesty's Officers of the Customs, as the case may be, to take into chandixa. his or their Custody any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition, which shall be attempted to be in* ported or brought into this Kingdom in any manner contrary to this Act, taking an Account thereof, which Account shall specify the Perform by whom the fame were respectively brought; and that such Weapons, Arms,

Gunpowder or Ammunition shall remain at The King's Disposal, or at the Disposal of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors if in Ireland.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successorl, shall His Majesty think it necessary, for the Safety or Tranquillity of the Kingdom, by His or their Proclamation or Order in may direct Council, to direct that Aliens of any Defoription therein mentioned shall not be landed in this Kingdom* or Aliens to land at shall not be landed, except at such Places and under such Regulations as fluU be in such Proclamation or particular Placet Order expressed, then and in every such ease, the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel or Boat, "f* having any such Alien or Aliens on board, shall not suffer any such Alien or Aliens to laud within any

Part of this Kingdom, contrary to such Proclamation or Order in Council, unless by the expref* Permiffioa of His Majesty, signified under the Hand of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and every Matters aftbg such Matter or Commander wilfully neglecting to conform to any of the Directiont or Regulations contained contrary to in such Proclamation or Order, shall forfeit Forty Pounds for every Alien so landed, to be recovered before Order, &c.

One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, One Moiety thereof to be to the Informer or Informers, Pentlty* and the other to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succe flora; and such Ship or Vessel, from on board of which Vessels, Jkc. in any such Alien or Aliens shall so land, shall be detained till such Penalty shall be paid; and every other wh«tc«fefbr-Vessel or Boat used in landing any such Alien or Aliens shall and may be fazed by the Inspector of Aliens kited, as aforesaid, or by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, as the case may be, and the fame respectively shall, on Proof that such Offence was wilfully committed, contrary to the Provision of this Act, be forfeited, together with all Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition and Furniture thereunto mspectively belonging.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Alien so arriving shall depart from the Place ia which he or she. No Aliens to

shall so have arrived, except for the Purpose of making such Declaration as hereinbefore required to the In-

speftor of Aliens as aforesaid, or to the Collector* Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, as the case may be, or for the Purpose of obtaining such Passport as is herein after mentioned, without previously obtaining a.Passport from the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of feck Place, or from one Justice of the Peace for the County or District in which the fame may be situated* in which Fafipost ffiaH be expressed the Name and Rank, Occupation or Defoription of fcich Alien, as declared by him or her to such Officer m aforesaid, and also the Town or Place to which such Alien purposes to go; and such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice is hereby required to give such Passport, on Application made to him for that Purpose, and on Production of the Certificate of his or her Declaration as aforesaid 5 provided that such Town or Phce to which such Alien proposes to go shall not be a Town or Place from which such Alien is restrained from going by aoy 55 Geo. III. P such

i 66 C. 54.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181$<

Papons r UMfkc.

Aliens wanting to change Abode, to obtain Pafiportsor Licences.

Prorifo.

Magistratea empowered to ciufe Aliena to ihihit PalT-port a, and to commit them in certain odes,

Ac.

Forging P«(T-poit*, See.

fmprHbnment.

TraorportatMNi. Hia Maicftj may order Afeauol*

such Proclamation or Order as is herein mentioned; and provided that such Alien shall not have landed au this Kingdom contrary to any such Proclamation or Order in Council ns is herein mentioned s Provided always, that if any such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice shall fee reason to refuse to grant such Passport, it may be lawful for him to withhold the fame, and to commit such Alien to the Common Gaol or other Public Prison, or to detain such Alien in such Custody as such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice shall think fit, until he shall have transmitted to His Majesty's Secretary of State, or Secretary to the Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, a Statement in Writing of the Circumstances which shall have induced him so to withhold such Passport and to commit such Alien (which Statement he i9 hereby in every such case directed and required forthwith to transmit), and until he shall have received the Directions of such Secretary of State, or Secretary to the Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, as to granting or withholding such Passport; and upon the Receipt of such Direction, such Mayor, Justice or Magistrate shall act accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Alien, except the Doraeftic Servants of any of His Majesty's natural born Subjects, or of such as shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized by Act of Parliament, being actually attendant on their respective Mailers, who shall have arrived in this Kingdom since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, or who, shall arrive therein at any time, shall be desirous to change the Place of his or her usual Residence, or to quit the Town or Place at which such Alien shall have arrived, by virtue of his or her first Passport, such Alien shall obtain from the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, Place or District, in which such Alien shall be resident, a Passport or Licence in which shall be expressed the Name and Description of such Alien, in the manner hereinbefore provided, and also the Name of the Town or Place to which such Alien shall propose to remove; and such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, is hereby required to give such Passport or Licence, on Application made to him for that Purpose by such Alien: Provided a!way, that every such Alien shall, at the time of making such Application, exhibit to such Magistrate or Justice the Passport by virtue of which such Alien arrived in such County, District, Town or Place, in which he or she mail be resident; or if such Alien shall not have arrived therein by virtue of any Paffpprt, a Certificate from the Magistrate or Justice, or other Person to whom such Alien shall have delivered an Account of his or her Name and Description in the manner herein after provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or for any Justice of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place or District within this Kingdom, to require of any Alien who shall have arrived in this Kingdom after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, or shall arrive at any time during the Continuance of this Act (except such Domestic Servants as aforesaid), and who shall be passing through or be found in such County, City, Town, Place or District, to exhibit to such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice, his or her Passport or Licence, which he or she is hereby required to exhibit accordingly; and in Default thereof, or in case it shall appear thereby that such Alien is not in hu or her Way to such Town or Place as is therein expressed, and such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice shall fee cause to suspefl that such Alien is not bona fide proceeding to such Town or Place as aforesaid, or in case such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice shall fee cause to suspect that such Alien landed in this Kingdom contrary to any such Proclamation or Order in Council as is herein mentioned, such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice may commit such Alien to the Common Gaol or other Public Prison, or detain such Alien in such Custody as such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice may think proper, until Notice thereof be sent by such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice, to One of His Majesty's Principal vSecretaries of State, or to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, if in Ireland, which Notice such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice is hereby required forthwith to transmit; and until sufficient time shall have been allowed for the Transmission of His Majesty's or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governor's Pleasure, and unless His Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors aforesaid, shall, thereupon, within Twenty one Days, signify his Pleasure that such Alien shall be discharged, or shall direct in manner herein mentioned, that such Alien shall depart the Realm, it shall and may be lawful for such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice to cause such Alien to be committed to the Common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or (lie shall be delivered by due Course of Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever, whether Alien or : not, shall either For his own Use or for the Use of any other Person, wilfully forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any Passport, Certificate, Licence, or Allowance of time to obtain any Licence or Passport in this Act mentioned; or if any Person shall obtain such Passport or Certificate or Licence, or Allowance of time to obtain any Licence or Passport, under any other Name or Description than that which he or she shall have declared to such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or to such Custom House Officer, or to any such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice as are herein mentioned, or shall falsely pretend to be the Person mentioned in such Passport or Certificate, Licence or Allowance of time as aforesaid; such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, jGyio\ Delivery or Great Sessions, or in the Judiciary Court in Scotland, or in any Court of Record in Ireland, be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned in the Common Gaol for any time not exceeding Three Months; and if such Person shall be an Alien, shall also be adjudged at the Expiration of that time to depart out of this Realm, within a time to be limited by such Judgment; and if such Person or Persons te found therein after such time in such Judgment so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted thereof, be transported for Seven Years.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty shall be adviftd that it may be dangerous to the Security of the Kingdom to feud any All*out of the Kingdom, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by

Warrant

J

A; D.-i81$. 55° GEORGII III. g.54.

Warrant under his Sign Manual, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody in this Kingdom, in such Place and in such Manner as His Majesty shall think fit, and until His Majesty shall give other Order to the contrary,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or such l, ord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid for the time being, by His or their Proclamation or Order in Council, or under the Royal Sign Manual, to order and direct any Alien or Aliens who shall have arrived within this Kingdom, or who shall arrive therein during the Continuance of this Act, other than the Domestic Servants of any of His Majesty's natui'al born Subjects, or of such as shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, actually and Iona side employed in the Service of their respective Masters, to dwell and reside respectively in any such District or Districts as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think necessary for the Public Security; and if any such Alien (except as hereinbefore excepted) being so ordered and directed, shall dwell or shall be found to be or have been in any Part of this Kingdom, other than such District or Districts as aforesaid, in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively, it shall and may be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, or for any Justice of the Peace, or any such Mayor or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, to cause such Alien to be arrested; and if it shall appear to such Principal Secretary of State, or Secretary to such Lord Lieutenant, or to such Justice, Mayor or Chief Magistrate, that such Alien did knowingly and wilfully depart out of such District or Districts in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively, such Alien shall be committed to the Common Gaol, there to be detained without Bail or Mainprize; and if any such Alien, except as hereinbefore excepted, shall be duly convicted before any One or more Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, of knowingly and wilfully dwelling or residing, or being found to be or of having been in any Place in this Kingdom, in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively as aforesaid, he or she shall be adjudged by such Justices to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding Six Months.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or for fitch Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors aforesaid for the time being, by His or their Proclamation or Order in Council, or under the Royal Sign Manual to order and direct that all Aliens shall, at such time or times as shall he specified for that Purpose in such Order or Proclamation, give to some neighbouring Magistrate a full and true Account of all Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition, which shall be in their respective possession, or in the Possession of others, for or at their Use or Disposal; and every such Alien shall, within the time or times specified in such Proclamation or Order, deliver up to such Magistrate all such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition, except such only for the keeping of which they shall have obtained Licence under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, during the time such Licence shall be in force; and that it shall not be lawful for any Alien, subsequent to the Delivery of such Account, to buy or to have in his or her possession, or in the Possession of others, for or at his or her Use or Disposal, any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition, except as hereinbefore excepted; and that any such Person wilfully neglecting to give such Account, or giving a false Account; or wilfully neglecting to deliver up such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition; or forging, counterfeiting or altering, or causing to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or uttering, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any such Licence; or buying, or knowingly having in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of others, for or at his or her Use or Disposal, any other Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition, contrary to this Act, shall, on Conviction thereof before any one or more Justices of the Peace, be imprisoned at the Discretion of such Justice, for any time not exceeding one Month.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or Secretary to such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors in Ireland, or for any One or more Justices of the Peace, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to cause any House rented or occupied by any Aliens aforesaid, and also any House in which any such Alien shall be a Lodger or Inmate, such Inmate not being a Domestic Servant of any of His Majesty's natural born Subjects, and of Persons who shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized by Act of Parliament, resident in such House, to be searched in the Day time and in the Presence of a Peace Officer, in order to discover whether any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition be therein concealed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, or for such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors aforesaid, by any Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued for that Purpose, from time to time to require and command all or any Aliens who shall then be in, or shall hereafter come into this Kingdom, to register himself or herself, in the manner herein after mentioned, with such Person or Persons, and in such District or Districts, as by any Proclamation shall be appointed, and within such time or times as in such Proclamation or Proclamations shall be required; and thereupon to obtain from such Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose, Licence to such Alien to reside within this Kingdom, either generally in any Part thereof without Restriction, or specially in such Place or Places, and under such Restrictions or Conditions, as to His Majesty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, shall seem fit; which Licence shall either be without Limitation in point of time, or shall endure for such Space of time as shall therein be expressed, and no longer; but every such Licence shall be capable of being revoked; and if limited in point of time, shall be capable of being renewed and continued at such times and in such manner as in such Licence, or from time to time by any such Proclamation or Order shall be directed: Provided always, that it shall be lawful Tor any Alien


*97

detained in Custody.

His Majesty Stc. may order Residence of Aliens at particular Placet.

Disobedience.

-: -; .: A

; i-it /1

ArrestoL .; . S

Imprisonment.

Residing unlawfully.

Imprisonment.

Aliens to give Account of and deliver up Weapons, &c.

-')

'.i

Exception.

Buying, &c.J*Weapons, &c.

False Account, &c.

Forging, &c.

Licence.

Haviitg Weapons, Ac in Possession of others.

Imprisonment. Hoqfes of Aliens searched.

His Majesty,

Ac. may require Aliens to register themlelve*, and obtain Licences of Residence.

Regulations at to Licence.

1 », 'u 1 Prttift.*;

it , .r

A .t-.

If Perftmt ail-'thbtfited to grant Lienees trnrik fit to refafe them, Parties committed until clfcuttistances certified to Secretary of State, kc.

[Proviso.]

Fwmfix

Licences forfeited if AHent found out of Districts.

Frtfa Licences granted in lieu of LicencesJofL f f/#.

No Alien to quit Realm without Passport.

I-

i

Alien embarking without Purport with Consent, he. of Matter of Ship, kc.

[Penalty.]

Matter neglecting tc pay Penalty.

Alien embark* inf.

C. 54.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

WOt foduied fa my Atoll Rrocfafinfitiou fig afbttM, to raids withratkis Kingdom under any Licence granted

for tkat Purpose try nay former Ait refatibg to Ahezs y fabjeA ntvertbelefe to any Conditions or Reg to be made from time to time byHir Majesty rafpeAing inch licence, or the Relocation, Renewal or Exchange thereof. i

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Fcyfbo, being an Alien, Anil be foznd at large in the United Kingdom, after the time in any fmh Prockmatkm to be Staked for obtaining such Licence as afbte-ffiid by fudi Person, Inch FeHon sd having obtained such Licence as afinresaid, or an Allowance of time mu expired to obtain such Licence, and not being exempted from the Obligation to deliver such Account as afore* find, by this A A, or by any such Proclamation or Order, or by 8pedal Warrant from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of facb Lord Lieutenaat or Chief Governor or Governors, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted* shall and may, at the Discretion of the Justices of the Peace before whom he or she shall be so convicted, be adjudged to faffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding Suf Months.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person authorised to mat such Licences as aforesaid, and to whom Application shall be made for any such Licence as aforesaid, fbafi think fit to refafe to give such Licence to any Alien who shall apply for the lame, such Alien so applying for such Licence shall be forthwith conveyed before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and committed to Prison for fife Custody, or to the Custody of One of His Majesty's Messengers, or other Person appointed for that Purpose, until the car-cumstances relating to the case of such Alien shall have been certified to One of His Mikity's Secretaries of State, which shall be done without Delay; but it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State, in any such case, either to dire A that such Licence shall be granted, or that such Alien shall be conveyed out of this Kingdom by Warrant from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such Load Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Person authorized to grant such Licence, and to whom Application for the same shall have been made, if he shall think fit, to gist inch Alien further time for the Purpose of obtaining fitch Licence, and in that case to figuify the Allowance of such further time, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, foccifyiag the time allowed for obtaining such Licence; during which time the AHen, to whom such time shall haws been so allowed, shall and may reside within this Kingdom, in the same manner as if such Licence had been obtained: Provided neverthdefa, that he or she shall during such time reside in such Place or within such DistnA«shall be exploded for that Purpose in such Writing, allowing further thne as aforesaid, and not elsewhere.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Alien having such Licence as 'aforesaid, or such Allowance of farther time to obtain a Licence as aforesaid, shall at any time after be at large in Great Britain, in any Place not being the Place or District within which such Alien shall be allowed to reside as aforesaid, or fern be found not to nave complied with the Restrictions or Conditions (if any)under which such Licence or Allowance shall have been granted, such Licence or Allowance shall be forfeited and determined; and such Aiko shall be liable to all such Penalties as he or she would have been fobjeA to if no such Licence or Allowance had been granted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Licence, or Allowance of further thne to obtain a Licence, shall be loft, mislaid or drstroyed, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons authorized to grant such Licence, or Allowance of further thne as aforesaid, upon Proof on Oath to his, her + or their Satkfa&on* that such Licence, or Allowance of farther time, has bran so loft, mislaid or defbroyed, to grant a fresh Licence, or Allowance of further time to obtain a Licence, dating the former Licence or Allowance 5 and the reason of granting such freflt Licence or Allowance, and such frefti Licence or Allowance shall be of like Force as the Instrument so loft, mislaid or defhroyed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Alien to leave this Kingdom without a Passport for that Purpose first obtained from One of His Majesty* Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* or from feme Person authorized by His Majesty or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, to grfekit such Passport, which Passport shall be produced to the Inspector of Aliena as aforesaid, or to the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs as the case may be, at the Port or Place where such Alien shall embark for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom, which Officer being fatkfied that the Person producing such Passport in the Person to whom the fame was granted, and who was intended to be named mid described therein, shaft allow such Passport, and shall certify such Allowance by making the same on such Passport, and signing the fame, with the Date of such Allowance j and such Passport, with such Allowance thereon, shall be produced to the Maker or Person having the Charge or Care of the Ship or Vessel in which such Alien shaft be permitted to embark on board any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom; and if any Alien shall embark on board any Ship or Vessel, in order to leave this Kingdom, not having obtained such Passport as aforesaid, and such Allowance thereof, signed by the proper Officer as aforesaid, with the Knowledge, Privity and Consent of the Master, or of the Person having at the time the Command, Charge or Care of faA Ship or Vessel, every such Master or Person having the Command, Charge or Care of such Ship or Vessel, knowing him to be such AHen, (ballon CopviAion thereof before One or more Justices of the Pesfceof any County, or Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City, Town or Place forfeit and Ibfe the Sum of Forty Pounds Gnfe Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and in case any such: Master or Person having the Command, Charge or Care of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall negieA or refafe forthwith to pay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, it shaft be lawful for such Officer as aforesaid to detain such Ship or Vessel until the same shall have been paid; and every such Alien who shall: embark on board any Ship or Vessel with Intent to leave this Kingdom, uot having

previously

55° GEORGII III.

C'S*

yrevkrofly nbtafc<si such Paflrjtfrt as aforesaid, aticf Inch ABcwtn^e thereof fijrnest by tie pfOf>«T Ofieer to ttforesaid, being thereof lawfully K: dnri&ed before ahy One or more Jtiffices of the Peace, ftufi at the Discrettou of stich Justicde f, be adjudged to fuffisr Imprisonment for any time hot deeding Two Month* t Provided always nevertheless, that it shall not be necessary for any Mariner actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of afcy Ship otf Vessel, during the time that stich Mariner shall be actually so engaged or employed, to obtain any £uch Passport hs aforesaid; bot such Mariner shall and may be permitted to embark On board fheh Ship or VeflH for the Furpofb of leaving this Kingdom, in the same manner as if this Act had not been made; '«.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Kingdom, who have emitted thdr Country by Redon of ainy Resolution br Troubles in France, shall not be liable to be arrested, imprisoned or held to bail, or to findady Cadtion ibr^their forthcoming or paying any Debt, nor to be taken in Execution On any Judgment, fior by any Caprtion, for or by reason of any D^bt dr other Cause of A&ioa, contrafted or arising in any Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, while such Aliens were not within the find Dominions of His Majesty; and in case any such Alien shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment or by Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Alietr (ballbe discharged therefrom by Order of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster 6r Dublin* or of^thfe Court of Session in Scotland, or of any Judge of such Courts in Vacation Time.

XXIXj And be it further enacted, That in case any Alien, who (Hall have obtained a Passport to leave this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act shall not proceed with due Diligence to leave this Kingdom according to Inch passport, such Alien shall be liable to all such Penalties as he ot (he would have been subject to if no such Paffpbrt had been granted.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the End of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, e*e*y Person, whb shall receive into his or heT House or Apartmerit, for the Purpose of lodging or redding herein for4 more than Twenty four Hours, any Alien who ought t6 procure a Licence to relide In this Kingddm in purfbanfe erf this Act, shall require such Alien to produce such Licence, or an Allowance of time to obtauB such Lidence, Or a Passport for such Alien to leave this Kingdom, and to deliver a Copy of such Liceucp, Allowance of time or Passport, before such Person shall receive such Alien into his or her House or Apartment to lodge dr reside therein for more than Twenty four Hours; and shall within Twenty four Horen after such Alien shall have come to lodge or relide in such House or Apartment, deliver such Copy of such Licence, or of such Allowance of further time to obtain a Licence or Passport, to act, Justice of the Peace or Constable residing in or near the Parish, Township or Place where such House or Apartment shall be situate, and also to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township or Hade in Englandr*i and to the Schoolmaster of the said Parish or Place in Scotland, With a Notice that the Alien named therein did come to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment on a Day in such Notice to be (petrified, which shall be the very Day on which such Alien actually came to lodge ot reside in such House or Apartment; and if any Person shall knowingly receive into his or her House or Apartment, to lodge at reside therein as aforesaid, any such Alien, not producing such Licence, or Allowance of time to obtain X Licendo, or Passport, or not delivering a Copy thereof as aforesaid, or shall neglect to deliver such Copy With such Notide as aforesaid written thereon, to such Justice or Constable, Overseer or Schooltoafter as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose a Sum not exceeding Ten Potindd, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, ToWnship or Place Where furib House or Apartment shall be situate.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, after the passing of this Act, have any Alien lodging or residing in his or her House or Apartment, shall, within Ten Days dfter the pafltag d£ tbisA6t, deliver to any such Justice or Constable, and to Overseers and Schoobtoafters, NbtiCfe ill Wrfting, deforibing such Alien by his or her Name, and specifying the time when such Alien first came to lodge o# re* side, m his House or Apartment; and if any Person shall knowingly have received in his or her House or Apartment airy such Alien, not having given Notice thereof as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, evfery Pet-, son so offending shall forfeit and lose a sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place Whew* such House or Apa^ ment shall be situate.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Mayors, or dny One dr tkott -of the Aldennen of the Cities of London and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Majesty's Jufbc's tff the Peace for airy County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, being specially authorized by One of His Majesty's Prin* tripal Secretaries of State, or by such Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors aforesaid', by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Ordtr of His Majesty in Coim^ c3, iny Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates df any City, Borough or Tow* Corporate so authorized, to cause any Alien, whom he or they shall have cause to suspect to be a dangerous Penofe, to be taken into Custody and examined, and either to discharge or detain such Alien in Custody* as shall appear advisable; and if it shall appear (it to detain such Alien in Custody, it shall be lawful for feck Maydr, Alderman or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or M&giftrabed, or such Justice or Justices* by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order such Alien to be detained in Guf-tody until His Majesty's Pleasure shall be known, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize s Provided nevertheless, that in every such case every such Mayor, Alderman, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required forthwith to transmit on Account of his or their Proceedings touching such Alien, and of the reasons for which ne shall have thought fit to detain, such Alien, to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Sacretathr of the Lord Lieutcnhnt or

Chief

Irapnfboment Proviso foe Mariners.

f Sir.

Aliens having quitted Franc# on account of Trou Wes, not liable

for Debts contra died bepoftd fleas, other, than Dominions of His Majesty.

Aliena not going according to PaflTpoctt. Penalty.

Receiving*Aliens as Lods. ers, to require them to produce Licence; end to lend a Copy to Justices, See.

' Vi

[Penalty.]

Persona having Alien Lodgers to give Notice.

[Penalty.]

Mayors, ftc. t#

transmit to Secretary of State Account of Proceeding*.

Prorifo.

t*9 9*54-

sb° irnmm

>J*»K3 Vv-

A St not tp extend to Foreign Ambafljdor* or Servtitts; nor to Act* done by Personsunder 14 Years of Age. Proof to lie on Alien.

tk(S end that Hi* or., , ..

it qpay.be fit to fye dope thereon; ana it mail he fawfplfur : i> npat» or for such Lord. Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governor

r^r under his Hands or by 3ftate, or the Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors* either

ifV^wtor.C

arrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of his Principal Secret iry ot lucp .Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors* either to direct be 4ifchargea> or ordered out of the Kingdom

that fni

'tfum tfW

Prosecutions by Indictment, &c.

Aliens adjudged to be transported, font to Places appointed by

IJ. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign Ansbaflador.or other public Mini fie r duly authorized, nor the Domestic Servants of any such Foreign Ambassador or Public rq

giftered according to the Directions of the Laws in force for that Purpose, and being actually attendant up©jp such Ambassador or Miriifter, shall be deemed an Alien within the Meaning of this Act: Provided: also, tha$ nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Alien, in respect of any Act done or omitted to be done,

shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of Fourteen Years at the time when such Ad was so done or omitted to be done: Provided always, that it any Question shall arise, whether any Person alleged to be an Alien, and subject to the Provisions of this Act, or any of them* is an Alien or not, or is not a? Alien subject to the said Provisions or any of them, the Proof that such Person is, or by Law is to be deemed to be a natural born Subject of His Majesty, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, or if an Alien, is not subject to the Provisions in this Act contained, or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Act, or which shall be expressed in any Proclamation pr Order in Council as aforesaid, or in any Special Warrant from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary as aforesaid, shall lie on the Person so alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the Provisions of this Act* some or one of them. n »!j 1*

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Prosecutions against any Aliens, for any Offence, made

puni{table by this Act as Felony, or by Transportation for Years or for Life, shall be by Indidptyent or Information in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster or in Dublin, or in any Court of Qjer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, in England or Ireland, or Great Seffious in Wales, or Justiciary Court in Scotland, and not elsewhere; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding./n r_ r

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Person shall be adjudged to

transported in pursuance of this Act, the Transportation shall he adjudged to be and shall be to such Places as His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council in Great Britain, or the Lord. OF

HiTMajesty, &c. other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and Privy Council of Ireland, shall direct or appoint

Sentenced for Transportation found in Realm De*h.

Justices of Courts of Record may admit Ahem to Bail.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person ordered or adjudged to be Uranfpprted for Life in pursuance of this Act, shall escape out of Custody previous to such Sentence of TnnQppftation being carried into Execution, or shall, after having been tr^nlported, be found at large within this/Rcpalm, he or she shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death ^s a Felon, without Benefit, of Qlfrgjr., } f,;

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which I^ower is givenby this Act to commit any Alien to Gaol without Bail or Mainprize, or in which Power is given to fend any Alien out of the Kingdom, and such Person shall for that Purpose be taken by or delivered tp any Person or Persons for that Purpose, or in which any Person is committed either for safe Custody or otherwise, until ftrEh Alien can be lent out of the Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Justices of His Majesty's .Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary, in Sratfbnd, if iM>on Application made* he or they shall see sufficient Cause to presume that such Person, is not -withm the Description limited by this Act, in the different cases herein mentioned, to admit such Person to Bail'.he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters alleged against him or her, and

to be present at the Trial of any Indictment to be preferred against him or her as herein after is directed. 7 f Justices acting^XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for arty Justice td sfdmit under Authority y Alien to Bail who shall have been committed by virtue of this Act, such Justice being authorized so t b do

Sut^ma^iidmit^Warrant of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Aliena t<> Bail*Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, for that Purpose, specifying the j^eciiritj.to be taken by such Justice. v

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any such Alien shall have been so admitted to"as

1 /I /koll Ua f L\ ta Uia n tf A f # r\«n nti* f /v A T A f A T-v a

Alien bailed indited, and if Verdict against him, committed, and sent out of Country.

aforesaid, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General to cause an Indictment to be preferred', or an Information to be filed against such Alien, stating the Offence against this Act, if any such shall have been committed 5 or if no such Offence has been committed, then stating only that such rerson is an Alien and within the Provisions of this Act, and that it appeared expedient to lend such Person out of this Realm, Wd that such Alien, on being committed for that Purpose, hath refused to go and been admitted to Bail 5 and such

A 1! _ 1.1 i _ f I T 1*A^T.r. _ !a1_. T' _ _ TS 1

Alien shall forthwith appear and plead to such Indictment or Information, without any Imparlance br Delay'; and if a Verdict shall be given thereon against such Alien, such Alien shall thereupon be immediately com-

Pen allies exceeding 40I how recovered,

mitted by the Court, or may, if not present, be taken by any Warrant of any Judge of the Court in which such Indictment or Information shall he, for safe Custody, until such Alien can be lent out of the Realm tinder the Provisions of this Act '

ni'jd

fv.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, exceeding ihe Stim of Forty Pounds, shall be rebovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's - Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or by Action, or summary Bill or Information in the Courts of Justiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, atftlie case shall require, wherein no Essoin> Privilege, Pro-- r'tedion

55* GEORGlr HI. C. 54, 55;li

oi^ Wij^tff Law, nor more than Out Imparlance fftalf be allowed; and afr pwumafy Penalties by notaxceeding this Act tthpbled, not exceeding the Sum of Forty founds, shall, bn Contiftioti of life f)ffemfcf upon Oath 4°* \

before any' Justice of the Peace of the County, Rjdirtg, Stewaftry, CityiToWnor Place, where the Offence <haH'be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender* Goo4* hnd Chattels, by*Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering to such Offender the Overplus fif&rtyj on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and for Want of fuffirient Dirbefs, mch Justice is hereby required to commit Arch Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding; Stewartry, City, Town or iniprifcnmejic*Place where such Offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding Three Months, 1 and that no Writ Of flehiorari; or of Adrocation or Suspension, shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of the said Justice, Certiorari, touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend the Execution or other Proceedings thereupon. ' J; '*'.

fc

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township or Place, shall be deemed PtrHhionew arid taken to be competent Witnesses, for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Wkneffi*' Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township or Place, notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty incurred by such Offence is given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township or Place:

XLII. And be it further ertafted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted Limitation of ferijattjr tbibjg By him of them done or executed in pursuance or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Aaions. pthftdnr contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of Twelve Mouths afterthef Offence shall be committed 5 and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Mile, General HTue. Ifad give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon a Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfuhed, or shall discontinue his or their Suit or Prosecution, or if Judgment be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer or othftwife, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against the Plaintiff Treble Cost*. Or Plaintiffs.* '\v -

VXLIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities jriven by Powers to Lord this Act to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ or his or their Chief Se- Lieutenant, ftc.

cretary, or to the Privy Council of Ireland shall not extend or be held or deemed to extend to the case of notto extend to fcny'AKea arriving or being in that Part of tins Realm or United Kingdom called Great Britain; and that to

the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to any Justice of the Peace, Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any t^tendSyand City, Town Or Place, shall not extend or be construed to extend to give such Magistrates any Authority to Jurisli&friri.: aft beyond the Liibits 6f their respective Jurisdictions; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.r<^ '

>. XLIV. And' bb^t further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force for the Period of Twelve Months. - Continuance. ( v: 'XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts act amended,; to be passed in this present SessioD of Parliament.'Sec.

ij: ii va>'J' r' r'.' ' 1 '

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, to, contract for the Purchase and Surrender of Crown Leafesj and to fell His Majesty* Interest in the Thornhill Estate, in the Parish of Stallbridge, in the County of Dorset, and in certain small Parcel*of Land belonging to His Majesty's Subjects within the Royal Forests; and to remove Doubts as to Estates of The Crown, sold by Order of the said Commissioners, being exempted from the Auction Duty. [ 1 2th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 48 G. 3. c. 73.

An Act to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown in England, and also of Hie Majestft Dutchy ' of Lancaster, it was, amongst other things, provided and enacted, that it should be lawful for the Surveyor ' .General therein mentioned, with the Approbation of and by the Direction of the Lord High Treasurer,

or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contract and agree with any Body Or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons holding any Messuages, Lands, Premisee,

' Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to The Crown, for the Surrender of any Lease thereof, or to purchase and huy up any Lease, or the Remainder of any Term of any Lease, of any Messuages, Lands,

5 preinifes. Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to The Crown, which might be convenient foe the Public J- jSeryjoe, and should fry any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for, the time being, he f, deeded eligible to be purchased or bought up, and to pay the Consideration agreed to be paid for such

V ^i^render jor Purchase to the Body or Bodies or Person or Persons entitled meretp, out of any Money '/arifipg fcptp UJpy Sales theretofore madp, and which might be vested in the Bapk of England in the Three [Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or which might thereafter arise from any Sale of any Pro-

pefty bdoi^ng to The Crown under that Act, or the several Acts therein recited And Whereas it may be , 1!expedient and tepd, to the Improvement of the Possessions of The Crown, if the Commissioners for the time

Wing "of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, were authorized and empowered to purchase and uy^un any lleafe or Leases of any Teria or Tenns of Years, fubfiiling of or in any Hpufes, /.^Buildings^ X^ands or other Hereditaments belonging to The Crown, where such Houfas, Building*, Lands, ' of Hereditaments, shall be waited with a view to the making Alterations or Improvements therein, or in

'any other Hpufes, Buddings Lands or Hereditaments, belonging to Th^ Crown, adjacent or contiguous

theretp, or for any Qth^r Purpose, although thq fame may not be Ranted for any Branch of the public

I.'^' Service;

riai

Ctenmlf&otien, with Content of Trtaiwryt may porchafo Terms w Prtnito held of YfcitC*.

Bodies Politic, tec. may contract for Sale of i'remifes.

Stamp Duty.

Premises, in cases of Incapacity, valued by Two Surveyors, taking Third if they cannot agree as to Value, who shal take following

Oath.

Filed.

0-5$; sj* GEORGII III. A.D. 18iJ.

j 8etvie# jf Bo It therefore wasted by The King'a Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by and with the Approbation and Coafent of the Lord High Treasurer, or of any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to contract and agree with any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons holding any Houses. Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments Ixdonging to The Crown, for any Term or Terms of Years under any Letters Patent, Lease, J>emife or Grant, from His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors, for the Purchase of any such Term, or the Surrender of any such Terms; and such Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, whether the Possession of tho Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, comprised in any such Term or Terms, Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, be wanted for the Public Service, or shall or maybe required with a view to the making any Alterations or Improvement therein, or in any other Houses, Buildings or Hereditaments belonging to The Crown, near or contiguous thereto, or for any other Purpose, if the fame shall, by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, be deemed eligible to be purchased or bought up for any such Purpose, and to pay the Price, or Consideration agreed to be paid for the same, out of any Money which has ariien or which may hereafter arise from the Sale of any Property belonging to The Crown, under the Management or Controul of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

II. And Whereas it may happen that the Person or Persons entitled to any such Term or Terms, or beu*-1 ficially interested therein, may he under Coverture, Infancy or other Disability, and be thereby or otherwise rendered incapable of contracting or agreeing for the Sale or Surrender of any such Term or Terms, Letters 1 Patent, Lease or Grant, or it may happen that such Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, may be

so devised, limited or settled, as that the fame cannot be legally or effectually fold, afligued, surrendered or otherwise disposed of without the Aid or Authority of Parliament \* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Executors or Trustees, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Guardians, Trustees, or Committees or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings, Linds or Hereditaments proposed to be purchased for any of the Purposes aforesaid, as shall be Feme Coverts, Infants, Lunatics, Ideots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for the time being, or any other Person duly authorized for that Purpose on behalf of His Majesty, for the Sale of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and to assign, transfer or surrender the fame, and the subsisting Term or Terms therein, and the Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, under which the same shall be held, to His Majesty or the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, in Trust for His Majesty accordingly, and that every such Contract, Agreement, Asignment, Transfer or Surrender, shall be as good, valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were made by a Person absolutely entitled thereto, and under no such Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid; and from and after the Execution of every such Asignment, Transfer or Surrender (and which shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever), all and every Term or Terms thereby assigned, transferred o surrendered, shall be merged, and for ever extinguished in the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Premises j and all and Angular the Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments comprised therein, shall thenceforth be well and effectually veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for all the Residue or Remainder of every such Term or Terms, freed and discharged from all Rights, Title, Interests, Trusts, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of any Person or Persons whomsoever therein or thereunto, under or by virtue of any Will, Deed, Settlement or otherwise liowsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Term or Teini6 as aforesaid, which, shall be contrafted for or agreed to be sold to or for the Use of His Majesty as aforesaid, shall be held by or in Trust for any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or having only a partial or limited Interest therein or Power over the fame, the Value thereof and of the Premises therein comprised, shall, in every such case, be ascertained by Two able practical Surveyors of Houses or Land, one of whon> shall be nominated by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, with the I Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and the other by the Body Politic or Corporate or Person or Persons contracting or agreeing to sell the same; and if such Two Surveyors shall not agree in the Valuation thereof, then by such Third Surveyor of Houses or Land as the Two so appointed shall for that Purpose nominate; and each of the said Two Surveyors (if they shall agree in and make their Valuation, or if not, then the Surveyor so to be norai* nated by them as aforesaid) shall annex to their or his Survey, Estimate or Valuation, when completed, an Oath (or being one of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) to be subscribed by him, and taken before and certified by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the United Kingdom, who is respectively herein author rized to administer an Oath or Affirmation in that behalf, the Form whereof shall be as follows;

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm], That the Survey, Estimate or Valuation here*«unto annexed, was faithfully and impartially made by me; and that the Value of the Property therein«described is justly estimated therein according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, and that all the Particu-« lars dated therein are true to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. So help me GOD.'

Which Oath or Affirmation, when so subscribed, taken and certified, shall be filed with the said Survey, Estimate or Valuation, in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues

16 for

55° GEORGir HI

C-S5'J

for the time being, and the Price or Consideration to be paid or given for the'P(jh*Hh!c^ 6r*Ikfrml Consideration

shall in no case be less than the Sum at which the same shall be estimated and vafy&i* flick GprWy, Estimatfe foj Pwy^afe.g, or Valuation as aforesaid., '*fi).v j', i

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contracted or agrefed 16 be paid for tlfe Port

chafe, Surrender or Assignment of any such Term or Terms, Letters Patent, Lieafe or Grant, as aforesaid, bf PotthJfc*

virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant^ Lmtfitit; , or PMbttotf Persons

under any Disability or Incapacity, or entitled only to any partial or particular Estate or Iateceft therein, or Powct*

over the fame, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of TVo hundred Pounds 40

with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of EnglaMi in the Name and wkh the Privity of the Ao*

countant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there tx punt the Purchaser,

without Fee Or Reward, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the?

Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a faranuuy way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Renta and Profits of the said Houset,

Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, comprised in any such Term or Terms of Years, or derailed or granted by any such Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, in the Purchase of other Mefluagts* Lands or HeVedkameots, to Ira conveyed and settled, to, for and upon such and the like Trusts, Intents and Purposes and in the feme manner as the Houses, Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so fold, assigned Of ftmmdered as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as shall be then existing, undetermined and capable of taking £fed; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall* by Order of the Courtrof Chancery, upon Application thereto, be veiled by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who Would for the tiwe being hfcic been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Messuages, Lands or Heredit a meets so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were then actually made.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Money so agreed to be paid in the case laR Application of above mentioned shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Puchase Pounds then and in all such cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being Money where entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments so comprised in any andftull eaSed such Term or Terms, or demised or granted by any such Letters Patent, Lffgfe or Grant, or of his, her or aol

their Trustees or Trustee, Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in die t>f Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank in the Name and with tfite Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and bejplaced tt> his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in such manner as hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the ferae bsti be paid at the like Option to Two TffiufflB to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and to be approved of by the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified m Writing trader the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arifitog thereon, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed to be paid as loft before Where less than mentioned shall be lese than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use df ao* Purchase the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rests and Profits of ftte per^M^eutiSd Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments so contracted to be sold as aforesaid* or in case of Infancy or Lu- toRems. nacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to Hrd for the Use and

Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Questioa'AitiH erife touching the Title Persons in Pof-of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Prhrky of the le011 deemed Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, totiSawnt*" the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Houses, Building*, Lands or .Hereditaments Court of comprised in such Term or Terms so to be purchased or surrendered as aforesaid, at the time of such Fair- Chancery, chafe, and all Persons claiming under them respecthrely, or under their Possession, shall be deemed and taken

to have been lawfully entitled to such Premises, or to the Receipt of such Dividends or Interest, according to such Possession or Receipt, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfactmn of the find Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such MonCy, and Hb die Capital of Arch Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unfcffs ft dull be made appear to the said Court that such Possession or Receipt was wrongful, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Term or Terms, or the Messuages, Land*, Tenement* or Hereditaments, comprised therein, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. And Whereas The King's Most Excellent Majesty is seized in Rsgkt^of His Drown of21 Estate

called Thornhill, situate and being at Thornhill, in the Parish of Stallbridge % in thcfuouotyof Dorset, fertile natural Life of Carolina Matilda Elphinjltm (now the Wife of George i'Aphknfim Esqufere, residing at tIvpeti-

huge*, in the Kingdom of Denmark, and late the Widow of John Cree, dectafed), futyeft to a LenfethereOf 4 granted by His Majesty unto James Archdekin Esquire, for a Term of Ninety nine Year*, commencing from the Tenth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, if the said Carolina Matilda Rlpbittflm fhotild so long live, at the yearly Rent of One hundred and one Pounds Thirteen Shilling* tod Four pence:

55 Geo. III. Q And

"4

G»55*

5* GEORGII III.

Commissioners with Content of Treasury may fell Htlaf e of Thornhill belonging to Crowo.

54 G. 3. c. 70.

§16.

Purchase Money paid into Bank i*i nunti-.r herein mentioned.

Stamp Duty.

Certificate of Purchase void unless Consider-atiou Money paid and Certificate enrolled within limited time.

Commissioners, with Consent of Treasury may fell certain small

f Arid Whereas the said Estate is detached from any other Possessions of The Crowe, and His Majestr's Iaterest

therein being of so limited a nature, it is not desirable that the fame should be held or retained by The Crovrn and it is apprehended that the fame may be sold to advantage; and it is therefore expedient that Powers should be given to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, For the time being, to sell and dispose of His Majesty's Interest in the said Estate and Premises; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for the time being, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or of any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to contract and agree for the Sale of and absolutely to make Sale and dispose of all His Majesty's Interest in the said Estate, and of and in all the Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments thereto belonging, and of all His Majesty's Right and Interest in and to the fame, at or for the best Price or Consideration in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, shall be able to procure for the fame; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from such last mentioned Sale or Sales, shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and be there placed to the Account raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of the said Commissioners, being The New Street Account, " and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purposes, as the Monies directed or authorized by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of The Crown, to be paid in, carried over or placed to the fame Account, are thereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of of v,

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests arid Land Revenues for the time being shall have coutrafted with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of the said Mansion House, Farm, Land and Premises called Thornhill, hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, the said Commissioners shall grant to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, a Certificate under their Hands, describing the Premises so agreed to b^ fold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, and which shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England, within Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate 5 and the Caftiirrs of the Bank, or One of them shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein mentioned, and carry the same to the Account therein specified 5 and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward 5 and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in Schedule A. to this Act, or as near thereto as the chr-cumstances of the case wul admit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within One Calendar Month after the Date of such Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the District within which the said Lands or Hereditaments therein described are situate, and be there forthwith enrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose; and such Auditor, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the fame under his Hand, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Inrolment, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and after such Inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs or Successors, shall by force and virtue of this Act be and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seizin and Possession of the Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Chums and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under Him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not taken place; and every such Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, by One of the Principal Clerks or other Officers m their or his Omce 5 and every such Certificate and Receipt, being enrolled as aforesaid, shall effoftually discharge the Purchaser or respective Purchasers to whom the same shall be given or granted of and from the Purchase or Consideration Money therein expressed, and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned for or in respect thereof, or of any Part thereof.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Certificate

as aforesaid shall be granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to enroll such Certificate, and the said Cashier's Receipt for the said Money, for the like Space of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void 5 and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said Commissioners shall, for any reasonable Cause to them shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate and Receipt to be enrolled nunc pro tunc> and which, upon such Cause being shewn, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to order accordingly.

XI. And Whereas there are in various Parts of His Majesty's Royal Forests sundry small Parcels of Land, which belong to and are the Property of some of His Majesty's Subjects, and in or over which said fyall of Parcels of Forest Land His Majesty has or is entitled to certain Rights or Interests, which are> of little Value ' to The Crown, and it may conduce to the more easy Care of the Rights of The Crown within the said Forests, as wellas to the Convenience of His Majesty's Subjects, if Power was given to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to make Sale of His Majesty's Rights and Interests in and over such small Parcels of Forest Land 5' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Laud Revenues, with the Approbation and Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or of any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to contract and agree on the

behalf

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C, &ij

behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with the Person or Persons to whom such small Parcel9of Forest Parcels of Land do or shall belong, for the Sale of and absolutely to sell and dispose of all the Rights and Interests of His Forest.

Majesty, of, in, to or over any such small Parcel or Parcels of Forest Land as aforesaid, and to make good and

effectual Conveyances of all such His Majesty's Rights and Interests therein to the Person or Persons purchasing

the fame, at or for the bell Price or Prices or Consideration in Money, which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, shall be able to procure for the fame, such Price or Prices not

being less than the Value which shall be set thereon by the Surveyor to be employed to value the fame by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, all which Rights and Interests of

His Majesty so to be sold as aforesaid, shall be valued in such and the like manner, and the Price or Prices or

Consideration Money for the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and the Conveyance or Conveyances Conveyances

thereof may be made in the fame Form and Manner, and such Sale or Sales shall be under such or the like water

Regulations and Restrictions as are mentioned, prescribed and directed in and by an Act passed in the Fifty

second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Leases under certain i ai6h

Circumstances, and for the better carrying into Ejfeft the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and

Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest in

the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further ap-

propriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers

Acts of Parliament; for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Rockingham to His Majesty's Manor

of King's ClifFe 5 and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to appropriate small Portions of Land for

Ecclesiajlieal Purposes, touching and concerning the Sale and Disposal of such small Parcels of Land, within any of the Royal Forests, as are by such last mentioned A d authorised to be sold, or as near and similar thereto,

and under such Or so many of the said Regulations and Restrictions as the circumstances of such His Majesty's

Rights and Interests so by this A d authorized to be sold as aforesaid will admit or allow of, or as may be

applicable thereto.

XII. And Whereas an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 17 5°

4. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be tahen out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods and other Things sold by Auction; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds and other Instruments: And Whereas another Act passed in the >9^-3* c-

Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering, amending and enforcing so much of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be tahen out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods and other Things sold by Auction; and upon Inden-

tures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds and other Instruments; as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auc-

tioneers, and to collecting the Duties on RJlates and Goods sold by Auction: And Whereas another Act passed in 43 G. 3. c. 69.

the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and so grant other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas another Act passed in

the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty 45 3* c*3°*

several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain: And Whereas Doubts have been entertained whether such Acts do or do not extend to any Sale or Sales by way of Auction of any Estates or Chattels belonging to His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, sold at Auction by order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and it is expedient that all such Doubts should be removed Be it Auction Duty therefore enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts, or in any or either of them, or in any other Act or rot to extend to Acts of Parliament contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Sale or Sales by way of Auction, Sales nude un-of any Estates or Chattels belonging or which shall belong to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which Order of the shall be made by order of the Commissioners for the time being, of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land ^ommi , oners* Revenues, or to charge or subject any such Sale or Sales of any such Estates or Chattels, or the Auctioneer or Audioneers by whom any such Sale or Sales shall be made, for or in respect thereof, with any of the Rates or Duties granted by the said Acts, or any or either of them, for or on Account of any such Sale or Sales, but that every such Sale or Sales, and the Estates or Chattels so fold, and the said Auctioneer or Audioneers so far as respects any such Sale or Sales, shall be wholly exempt from all such Rates or Duties; any thing in the said recited Acts or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing.

Schedule A. to which this Act refers.

FORM of CERTIFICATE of CONTRACT to be made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's j Woods, Forcils and Land Revenues.

ttY the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, These are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the Day of We A.B. and C. Z>.

Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for and on behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, have contracted and agreed with A.B. of, for the Sale

so the said A.B. of all \here describe the Premises to be soldi and the Lease granted thereof J, for and during the natural Life of the said Carolina Matilda Elphinftoo, subject to the said Lease, at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being the New Street Account; and from and immediately

ntf C. 55, 56.

55° GEORGII III.

A.&.1815.

Ante, c.i.

is-

after the Payment of the said Sinn into the Sank in manner aforesaid, and tbt IoMment of thin Certificati, and the Receipt for the said Purchas Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the said Carolina Matilda EJphiuftqn the said ft. and hi*, {her or their] Heirs, [Siwessors] or Afligus, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seiain and Possession of the said Hereditament# and Premises, so by .him [her or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame, subject to the said Leaf#, peaceably and quietly freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, hi# Heib and Successor#, and in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the lame, if such Sals had not been made. Given under our Hands, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Signed by the above named 10 the Presence of

Power for

transferring

i, 555, 40cL

3 per Cenr. Consols from Name of Corporation of Chest; .t Greenwich i.ito Name of Corporation of Commissioner* Governors of Greenwich Hospital.

ajG. 2. c. 27.

FORM OF RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the Day of of and from A.B. the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Confidential Money expressed in the above [sr, wkhk] written Certificate. Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Cashier.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich*to transfer a certain Sum in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities now (landing in the Name of the Corporation of the Chest of Greenwich, into the Name of the said Commissioners; and also to receive such Dividends as are now due upon such Annuities.

[12th May 181 j/J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Enepu-i 4 W ragement ana Reward of Petty Officers, Seamen and Royal Marines, for long and faithful Services, and for the Consolidaiion of the Chef! at Greenwich with the Royal Hospital there, it was, amongst: other

things, enacted, that all and every Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Stock, Annuities or other Monies should, upon the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be (landing oc being in Trust for or for the Use or Benefit of the said Chest, should, as soon as conveniently might be after the Uid First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, assign and transfer such Stock, Annuities or other Monies as aforesaid* unto the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen

at Greenwich, to be applied by them under the Provisions of the said Aft2 And Whereas the Sum of One million three hundred and fifty fiye thousand four hundred Pounds Interest or Share in the Capital pr Jpiqt Stock of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, created by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty

fifth Year of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several Joint Stocks of Annuities transferr able at the Bank of England, to he charged on 1 the Sinking Fund; and also for consolidating the fevered other Annuities therein mentioned into several Joint

Stocks of Annuities trausfcrrable at the South Sea House; and by several subsequent Acts is Handing in the

Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Name of the Corporation of the Chest

at Greenwich; and it is necessary for the better Execution of the said Act that the said Sum should be trsns-

ferred into the Name of the Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Se|-

men at Greenwich $ but by reason of the Dissolution of the Corporation of the Supervisors of the Chest at

Greenwich, there are now no means of making such Transfer, or of receiving the Arrears of Dividends due

upon the said Annuities without the Authority of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the said Corporation is hereby authorized, directed and required, by Power of Attorney, in their Corporate Name, and to be executed under their Corporation Seal, to make, constitute and appoint any Person or Persons their true and lawful Attorney or Attornies, to assign and transfer the said Sum of One million three hundred and fifty five thousand four hundred Pounds Interest or Share in the said Capital or Joint Stock of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, into the Name of the said Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and also to receive all such Dividends 3s are no^r due and in Arrear upon the said Capital or Joint Stock; and such Person or Persons so constituted and appointed as aforesaid may and shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, required and directed tp assign and transfer the said Sum of One million three hundred and fifty five thousand four hundred Pouptjs Interest or Share in the said Capital or Joint Stock, now Handing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from the Name of the Corporation of the Chest at Greenwich, into the Name of the said Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and also to receive all such Dividends upon the Capital or Joint Stocks as are now in Arrear, to be applied to the fame TJfes, Trusts and Purposes as are directed by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*py Law* Custona pr U&ge to the contrary uo^itliftawling.

i 1 IL And

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

0.56, 57, 1V7

'Bank indern-tiitied.

Bills for Payment of Pen-fjons how ir:de oyt.

; JI.AddH* it further tfiafted* That the said Q&veroor and Company of the of Engladdi fndtbrir SJgcceflors, shall be and they are hereby held harmless and indemnified from and against Chum* and De* viands of pt by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corpora^ for <fr by repfbn dr in cobfe* qpeoct of the Transfer of the said Sum of One million three hundred apd fifty five thousand four hundred.

Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, hereinbefore tothori^d and directedtpbe tr^uft fared, or in any manner respecting the fame, or for or by reason qr in ppnfequegcp of the Payment by tjfe said Governor and Company of the Bank of England of the Dividends htrfinbffore directed |t be r?pexy^4f and the said Governor and Company of the Bapk of England shall not be required to flee to the Appfyatiq^ of the said Dividends, nor be ib any manner resppnfible for the Misapplication pr Non application thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of tfeis Act, it shall he lawful for tl$e Commissioners or Directors of the said Royal Hospital, or any Five or more of them, to order and direct that the Bills for the Payment of Rendons shall be made out in fuph Form ap to such Commissioners or JJire&prs may from time to time appear to be most convenient and proper; and all speh Rills shall be figtrai bf Paymaster of Pensiona of the said Royal Hospital, or in his Absenp? from Sickpefs ox pthervyue, by iu§

Chief Clerk, jot be otherwise signed, as to the said £wmifliopers or Dife&oia, or any Fiv* pr mpre of then*,

shall seem fit; and that until the Commissioners or Directors of the said Royal Hospital shall othewife direct, the said Bills shall be4n the Form or to the Effect following:

Royal Hospital, Greenwich. Form of Bills.

Sir,

4 PAY to B. D. of, in the county of , Gut Pensioner of

1 the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, upon producing tfhe Duplicate hereof, together with a Certificate

under the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens, [ar in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great BeU

tain and Ireland called Scotland, under the Hands of the Minister and Two Elders] of the Parish where ho reildes, that, to the bed of their Knowledge and Belief, he is the Pevfon named in such Bill, the Sum of 4, being on Account of his Pension, if the feme shall be demanded within Si*Calendar

Months from the Date hereof; otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Fayma&er of Penfiops of the said Royal Hospital.

ftaymaftef.*

[Public Act.]

JV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be $ Public Act; and /h, ?N be judicially taken Notice of as speh, by all Judges, Justices and other?, wUb°Ht being specially pleaded*

CAP. LVII.

An Act: to repeal the PrevihcBS of former Acts, granting exclusive Privileges of Trade the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Loss of such Privileges.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Afinc, intituled, Ann. c. 21. W An Act for making good Deficiencies and Jafisjying the Public Debts, and for erecting a Corforgthp

I46.

shall be entitled unto and veded in the foie Trade and Traffic into, unto an$l from all the Kingdoms* Lands,

Countries, Territories, Island?, pities. Towns, Ports, Havens, Creek? and Places of America on the East

Side thereof from the River of Oronoco to the Southernmost Pfirt of the J'erra del Fueg^ and on the Wed 4 jSide thereof from the Southernmod Part of the said7i?rrtf del Fuego through the South Seas to the Rorthernmod Part of America, and into, unto and from all Countries, IQand? $nd places withiq the said Lirpits which were reputea to belong to the Crown of Spain, or which should thereafter be found out or discovered within the said Limits according to the Description, and subject to the Exceptions and Limitations in the said Act

c. 7, 7.

qne c. 33.

1 as vsfis in the South Sea Company, or Corporation by the said Act erected, the foie at}d exclusive Privilege of

-'-' 1 Americ?| of in the South Se^s,

his Heirs or Successorc

..0 ..4 , J- r_, TT. , _rall JHis Majesty's SuBjefts,

1 a^uj for the Encouragement and Security therepp and the said Company have agreed that the foie and exclu^ve Right of the said Company to trade and traffic to, from anj with the places wit hip the Limits before mentioned and deferred* Piould from heuceforth wholly cease and determine, and that Satisfaction should be made to the said Ppmpany for the Surrender of such exclusive Privileges, and for that Purjpose it is necesiary that a Qtiarantee Fund shall be formed; and certain Duties of Customs upop Goods imported and upon Xphuage should be granted for rai^ng such ^undj* hffay it therefore pleas? Your Majesty that it maf enacted 5, and be it enacted by TW Ring's Most ExcelJejjt Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cuakut of the Lords Spiritual ppd Tpmpord, and Coipmons, in th}s present Parliament assembi^d^nd by : . Ae.AHtbswrhy of the fame, That so much of the said Act passed in the JJipth Year of the Reign of Her9 Ann. c.*j.

Majesty 546 — 55.

i8

c.s7. 5'i' diMfefi iir. Adff.WU.

Majesty Qtfe*n Anne WU or shall or may be deemed or taken to have veiled ht the fold South Sea Company or Corporation by the find A A erected the foie and exclusive Privilege of Trade and Traffic intor unto and from all Kingdom*, Lands, Countries, Territories, Islands and Places whatsoever within the Limit* of the Charter of the said Company, as described in the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, and all Powers, Rights and Privileges to the said South Sea Company or .Corporation by the said Act given and created for carrying on such foie and exclusive Trade and Traffic, and 'all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said Act declared and enacted for securing the fame, and for preventing His Majesty* Subjects from carrying on Trade and Traffic contrary to the Provisions of the said Act, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be absolutely repealed, and shall be deemed and taken to have ceased and" determined from and after the passing of this Act, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That in Confederation of the Surrender of such exclusive Privileges, a Guarantee Fund shall be formed and established under the Provisions of this Act, in some of the Public Stocks or Funds of Great Britain, bearing Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and a Separate Account shall be opened for that Purpose at the Sank of England, in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, to be called "The South Sea Company Guarantee Fund, " and when and as soon as such Fund shall amount in the whole to a Capital Stock of Six hundred and ten thousand four hundred and sixty four Pounds Three Shillings, bearing an Interest at Three Pounds fer Centum ter Annum, the said Commissioners shall forthwith transfer the same to the South Sea Company in frill Satisfaction to the said Company, of and for the said exclusive Rights of the said Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That until a Capital Stock amounting in the Whole to the said Sum of Six hundred and ten thousand four hundred and sixty four Pounds Three Shillings, bearing an Interest st and after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall have been so created and transferred as aforesaid, the Court of Directors of the said Company, if the annual Income, Receipts and Profits of the said Company which are applicable to and have heretofore been applied in the Payment of One Half per Centum per Annum upon the Capital trading Stock of the said Company in Addition to the Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable upon such Capital, shall not be sufficient to the Payment of such Dividend as heretofore, after Payment of all Expences incident to the Management of the said Company, shall state to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain the Amount of such Deficiency, and the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required thereupon to order and direct the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after Payment of all preceding Charges thereon, of such Sum of Money to the said Company as shall be sufficient to make good such Deficiency so as to enable the said Company to continue to pay the said Additional Dividend of One Half per Centum per Annum upon the Trading Stock of the said Company.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in order that the Sum applicable to the Payment of such Dividend as aforesaid shall not be diminished by any unusual Increase of Expenditure in the Management of the said Company, so as to increase the Sum which may be required to make good any such Deficiency for the Payment of such Dividend as aforesaid, and in order to enable the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury to ascertain the due Application of the annual Income, Receipts and Profits of the said Company, before any such Issue as may be required to supply any such Deficiency as aforesaid, the said Court of Directors of the said Company shall upon such Statement as aforesaid, and when and so often as shall be required at any other time or times by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury, or any Three or mor^ of them, in that behalf, deliver to the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury a full and particular Account of the Expences attending the Management of the said Company, and of the Application of the annual Income, Receipts and Profits, of the said Company, for the whole Period which shall have elapsed since the Delivery of any such preceding Account, or which shall be required by the said Lords Commissioners as aforesaid.

Vw And Whereas it is necessary that Duties of Customs fhoirid be granted for the raising of such Gua- ranter Fund; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the FirS Day jpf June One thousand fight hundred and fifteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his I^eirs and Succef-£ors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into any Port of the United Kingdom, from any Place within the Limits of the folc and exclusive Trade so heretofore granted to the said Company as aforesaid, other than and except Blubber, Train Oil, Head Matter or Wbak Fins, Seal Skins, and other Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, taken and caught by the Crews of Brkish and /rr/2>-built Ships or Vessels, a Duty of Customs of Two Pounds upon every Hundred Pound* Value of all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and upon Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within the United Kingdom, to or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the said foie and exclusive Trade so heretofore granted to the said Company as aforesaid, a a Duty of Customs of One Shilling and Six pence upon every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said Duties are and shall be payable, according to the Amount thereof, in British % Currency.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, upon the Importation of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as aforesaid, shall be ascertained in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and fufijeft to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed and imposed for ascertaining and collecting any Duties of Customs to be paid according to the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandize by the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respect-

io ively,

repealed.

Guarantee Fund established, and afterwards tiana-(erred to South Sea Company.

Till Tiansfer made additional Dividend of One Half per Cent, an Trading Stock paid.

Before any Issue made to supply Deficiency Directors to lay Statement of Expenditure, &c. before Treasury.

Certain Duties of Customs levied lor raising Guarantee Fund.

British Currency.

Duties on Goods ascertained as other Duties paid according to Value thereof.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 57. 1.19

ively, relating to Duties of Customs, and ascertaining such Value for the Purpose of Payment of Duty; and in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts respectively, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every respect in the manner prescribed in such case by the said Acts respectively, according to the Nature and Quality of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Tonnage hereby imposed on Ships and Vessels Duties on Ton-entering Outwards or Inwards shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs appointed to receive the same, ygjpe^a, g, *m each and every Voyage any such Ship or Vessel shall so enter Outwards or Inwards at any Port within the jn^grds or'out-United Kingdom, and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel being British or Irish-built or British or wards. /W/fc-owned, shall be computed and taken according to the Registers thereof under the Provisions of the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland, in relation thereto respectively; and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Vessel, in case of any Doubt or Dispute relative thereto, shall be ascertained by Admeasurement in the mode and manner prescribed and directed by any such Acts respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed as shall arise in Duties under that Part of the United Kingdom called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom u oms, c' called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the

time being; and such Part thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs granted by this Act upon, for or in respect of Duties how* the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and the Duties of Customs on Ships or Vessels ac- P31* cording to the Tonnage thereof, may and shall be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, coiledled, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such

and the like manner and by the fame means, ways or methods, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods,

Wares or Merchandize in general, and also by such special means, ways or methods respectively, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the fame Sorts or Kinds or Duties on Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, coiledled, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, whereon Duties of Customs are by this Act charged upon the Exportation thereof from the United Kingdom, and all Ships and Vessels whereon any Duties are charged or payable according to the Tonnage thereof, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, or Ships or Vessels whereon any Duties are chargeable or payable according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively on and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Revenue of.

Customs or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the fame maybe, as well Pains of Penalties, &c. Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in former Acts force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made fornforce* securing the Revenue of Customs or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts, shall, r

unless where expressly altered by this Act, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put into Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs granted by this Act, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respect- Formers Acts as fifely, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or to Regulations restrictions, were made, established or directed, for the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares or yalu^of Go2k Merchandize, or for the remitting or allowing of any Deduction of any Duties on account of Damage, or for &c, extended to" the better feenring the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Exportation from Great Britain or Ireland Afcl. respectively, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the fame into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this pteEnt Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Application of Scotland and Ireland, shall cause separate Accounts to be kept of the Duties of Customs which shall be col- Duties, ledled and paid and received under the Provisions of this Act, and of the Net Produce thereof, and all the Monies arising by the said Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and the Duties of Tonnage granted by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer \x\ Great Britain, and by the Commissioners of the Customs in Ireland, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the time being, shall from time to time, without any further Warrant to be (ued for,

had

H9

Monty applied quarterly iu Put-chafe of Stock to form Guarantee Fuad.

When Guarantee Fund completed Duties to cease.

Consolidated

Fund.

Limitation of Anions.

[General Issue.]

Treble Coda. Act varied, &c.

53 G* 3- C.IX5.

Using in pro-greflive Stages ef Manufacture Of Fire Arms, Barrels not duly proved#'

C. 5^, 58, 59. GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

had or obtained m tint beMfy mrufe to be iffoed at the Receipt of His Majesty's Add Exchequer ill Ireland and to be pfciE into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer m Great Britain* til such Monies at shall be froth tfrte to time paid into the (kid Exchequer in Ireland under Or by virtue of this Act; and all the Monk* fa paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer it! &rent Britain shall be applied under the Pfovifiom of this A A fa the raffing and completing the said Guarantee Fund, and for that Purpose there fall be provided and kept fa the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the said Exchequer in Great Britain* a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said tvfpeAive Duties fall be entered fepattte and apart from all other Monks paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Saocessors, Upon any Account whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Quarter the Money in the said Exchequer cf Great Britain fcriKng from the Duties of Customs granted by this Act fall be paid into the Bank of tngfokS* and to the Account of the Commissioners for the RednAion of the National Debt of Great Britant, to a fepafatC Account to be opened and kept fen* that Purpose; the said Ccfmmiffiowrt-s far the Rechi&ion of the said Nft* donal Debt shall and they are hereby required, from time to tfaw us soon as the fame can conveniently be4 done, to by out the fame in the Purchase of Capital Stock in such of the Public Ftmds or Annuities, bearing an latere# trhnsferrabk at the Arid Bank of England* of Throe Pounds per Centnn per Atmum* as fa# appear to them most expedient, until the whole Amount of Capital Stock required by this Act no form such Guarantee Fund shall have been pilrchafed.

XIII. And be it farther enacted, That when and so soon as such Capital Stock shall have been prttchafed, and such 'Guarantee Fund formed and completed as aforesaid, the said CcftAifriffiotiers for the ReduAfa of the National Debt of Great Britain* (had certify the same to the Lords Commifitoneta of His Majesty's Treaffar^ in Great Britain* who fall forthwith cause Notice thereof to be publtthed in the Land* and DabUn Gazettes, and from and after the time to be mentioned in such Notice, the Davies of Customs granted by this Act flu* cease and determine; and all Sams of - Money trifing from such Duties which shall remain in Great Britain by reason of any Payment of such Duties, after such Guarantee Fund fluid have been completed as afof-efgid, and before the Publication of such Notice, fhaM go to and make Pan of the Confohdated Fuad of Great Britain; and all Sums so remaining as aforesaid in Ireland shall in like manner go to and make Part of the Corifolldated Fund of Ireland.

XIV. And be it further enw&ed, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced again# any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, such AAfoto or Suit (had be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the FaA committed, and not afterwards and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence «ft any Trial to be had thereupon \ and if the Jury Audi And for the Defendant or Defendants in any such AAkm or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difeewtinue his, her or their AAioci or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants Audi have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given again# the Plaintiff, or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants Aiall have Trebfe Colts, and have the kke remedy for the same as any Defendant had in other cases to recover Cods by Law.

XV. And be it further ercacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[Seepo/l. c. 141.3

CAP. LVOI.

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills* [iath May 1815.]

to emceed 18, 000, 000l. See post. cc* 74. 169.]

CAP. LIX.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, to insure the proper and careful Manufacturing

of Fire Arms in England, and for making Provision for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms.

£l2th May 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed fa the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act to infurt the proper and careful Manufacturing of Fire Arm* in England, and for making

Provision for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms: And Whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act have been found in fame respeAs defeAive and insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and the fame cannot be effectually carried into Execution unless the Powers and Provisions thereof are amended; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, fa this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act* every Person who shall use or begin to use, or cause or procure to be used, or to be begun to be used, either by ribbing, break-off fitting, rough-flocking, or other Pretoria, in any progveflive State of Manufacture in the making, manufaABring or tmifking of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Binnderbufe, Pistol or other Description of Fire Arms, usually catted Small Arms, any Barrel which " shall not have been duly proved and marked aa proved at the Prom House of the Company of Gunmakers of the City of London, or at the Proof House -established under the Provisions of the said recked AA (fa long as such rripeftive Proof Houses shall be main-tnfaed far proving and marking the Barrels of Fire Arms) or fame Proof House belonging to His Majesty, or other Proof Hodfe to be eflabWhed u 0 Public Proof House (and which Public Proof House Hie

Majesty

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 59. tat

Majesty is hereby authorized and empowered to establish under such Regulations, as to the Care and Management thereof, as His Majesty shall think fit), shall respectively forfeit Tor each and every Barrel so used or begun to be used, or caused or procured to be used, or to be begun to be used, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Penalty. Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Barrel for the making Barrels of Fire

of, or proper or applicable for the making of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol, or any other Description of Fire Arms, usually called Small Arms, shall be sent immediately from the Manufacturers turer*toProrf themselves to the Proof House of the Company of Gun Makers of the City of London, or to the Proof House Houses, established under the Provisions of the said recited Act (so long as such respective Proof Houses shall be maintained for the proving and marking the Barrels of Fire Arms), or some other Proof House established by

Law, before the same shall be delivered, or caused or procured or permitted to be delivered or sent for Sale,

or under Pretence of Sale, or be removed, consigned or transmitted, or caused or procured to be removed,

consigned or transmitted for Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, to any Person whatsoever; and, from and after Delivering, Ice.

the pasting of this Act, every Person who shall deliver or fend, or cause or procure to be delivered or sent for Sale except

for Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, or who shall remove, consign or transmit, or cause or procure to be jk^haProof

removed, consigned or transmitted for Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, any Barrel for the making of, or proper

or applicable for the making of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol, or any other Description of

Fire Arms usually called Small Arms, from the Place where the same shall have been manufactured, which shall not have been first duly sent to the Proof House of the said Company of Gunmakers of the City of

London, or the said Proof House at Birmingham, or some other Proof House established by Law, to be proved

and marked under the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall forfeit for each and every Barrel so sent,

or caused or procured to be sent for Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, or removed, consigned or transmitted,

or caused or procured to be removed, consigned or transmitted for Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, any Sum Penalty.

not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall take Receiving Bar-or receive, or cause or procure to be taken or received, or permit or suffer to be received on his behalf any ^, jjf^|.rpur Barrel, for the Purpose of making or manufacturing, or proper or applicable for the making or manufacturing of midcing of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol, or other Description of Fire Arms usually called Small Guns, &c. not Arms, directly or indirectly from the Manufacturer thereof, or from any other Person on his behalf, except having passed from or through some one or other of such Proof Houses as aforesaid, or unless the same shall have been first Proof House and duly proved and marked as proved at the Proof House of the Company of Gunmakers of the City of London, or beca f*0* the Proof House established under the Provisions of the said recited Act (so long as such respective Proof

Houses shall be maintained, for proving and marking the Barrels of Fire Arms) or some other Proof House belonging to His Majesty, or other Public Proof House established as a Public Proof House by Law, shall forfeit for each and every Barrel so received, or caused or procured to be received for the Purpose, or proper or applicable for the Purpose aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied Penalty, as herein after mentioned.

IV. And Whereas a Proof House has for a long time past been established and provided, for proving Charter to 1 the Barrels of Fire Arms, in or near the City of London, under the Management and Controul of the Gunmakers.

1 Company of Gunmakers of the City of London, under and by virtue of a Charter heretofore granted to 1 the said Company Be it therefore further enacted, That all Barrels for the making or proper or applicable Pfoofmaster of for the making or manufacturing of Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blunderbusses, Pistols, and other Description Q^makers of of Fire Arms usually called Small Arms, which shall hereafter be taken to the Proof House of the said city of London, Company of Gunmaters of the City of London for Proof, shall be proved by their Proofmaster for the time to receive, &c. being, with Powder of equal Quality to the Powder which is now used by the Honourable Board of Ordnance, Barrels of Guns, and according to, or not under the Scale or Table of Proof mentioned and set forth in the said recited &c#

Act; and the Person having the Charge, Care and Management of the Proof House of the said Company of

Gunmakers of the City of London shall receive all Barrels sent, consigned or transmitted to the said Proof

House for Proof, and prove the fame, and cause all such Barrels, after the fame have been proved, and (if

found to be Proof) marked, to be delivered to the Persons for whom such Barrels are directed, upon Payment of all such Charges as shall have been incurred in respect of the Carriage and Delivery of such Barrels at the

Proof House, and of the said Company's Charges for proving the fame, and of the keeping of the fame for

Proof, and Delivery thereof to the Person for whom the same are intended or shall be directed to be delivered

to after Proof \ and in case any Barrel so sent to the said Proof House to be proved shall not be received and Barrels not

proved thereat according to Law, or shall be delivered or parted with, or permitted to be delivered or parted Prove<,

with, or to be taken away, which shall not have been so proved, and (ir found to be Proof) marked with the Marks and according to the Regulations of the said Company of Gunmakers of the City of London for the

time being; then and in every such case, the Person so having the Charge, Care and Management of such

Proof House for the time being, shall forfeit for each and every Barrel which shall not be received and

proved in manner before mentioned and for each and every Barrel which shall be so delivered or parted with,

or permitted to be delivered or parted with or taken away, which shall not have been so proved, and (if found

to be Proof) marked as proved as aforesaid, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied as Bwsky*

herein after mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall Not to extend to extend or be construed to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland f except as to the Forging Marks, as in this Act after mentioned) or to the made for His"* proving of any Barrels used in the manufacturing of any Musket, Pistol, or other Fire Arms, for the Use MajestyorEast 55 Geo. III. R of

122

India Company, or certain Bar. rels specified.

Forging, «tc. Proof Marks, or felling. Scc. Barrels with forged Mirks.

[Penalty.]

Proof Marks put on Barrels not proved.

[Penalty.]

53 G. 3- c. ii5. §7. in part repealed.

Prices for proving Barrels.

Offences and Penalties, how heard, levied, he.

C. 5£ 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

of His Majesty's Forces, or for the Honourable East India Company, or to any Barrels of the Descriptio* herein after mentioned; videlicet, any Barrels in the forged Ground, finUhed or in any other State of Manu-ftfture, which shall be made or coufift of Stub or twitted Stub Iron, or other Barrels usually termed best Barrels; (which said lad mentioned Barrels may be and are hereby allowed to be sent, bought or received for the Purposes aforesaid, in any Number not exceeding the Number of Twenty, without being subject to any of the Penalties of the said recited Act or this Act, ekeept that such Barrels shall be liable to the Penalty for using Barrels not duly proved and marked); and nothing in this Act contained is to exempt or be construed to exempt Inch lad mentioned Barrels from being proved and marked as required by the said recited Act and this Act.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall, in any Part of the United Kingdom, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, o* arnft or join in forging or counterfeiting, any Mark or Stamp used or which may be used at any Proof House for proving and marking Barrels in pursuance of the said recited Act, or shall wilfully or knowingly fell or offer for Sale, or use in the making or manufacturing of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, riftol or other Description of Fire Arms as aforesaid, any Barrel finiftied, welded or forged, or in any other progressive State of Manufefture, whereon shall be any Mark or Stamp which shall be forged or counterfeited in Imitation of or to resemble any Mark or Stamp so used or to be used at any such Proof House, shall respect-Wely forfeit and pay for each and every such Barrel whereon any such forged or counterfeit Mark shall be, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned*

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Proof Master or Assistant Proof Master appointed or to be appointed under the said recited Act* or any other Person or Persons shall, in any Part of the United Kingdom, put, place or strike, or cause or procure to be put, placed or (truck, or shall willingly act or assist in the potting, placing or striking any Mark or Stamp used or which may be used at any Proof House for proving and marking Barrels in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, upon any Barrel finished, welded or forged, or in any other progressive State of Manufacture, for the making of, or proper or applicable for the making of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol or other Bescription of Fire Arms usually called Small Arms, which shall not have been duly proved at the Proof House established and maintained under the Provisions of the said recited Act (so long as such Proof House shall be maintained for proving and marking the Barrels of Fire Arms), every rerson lo offending shall forfeit for each and every Barrel on which he, she or they shall put, place or strike, or cause or procure to be put, placed or struck, or shall willingly act or assist in the putting, placing or striking any such Mark or Stamp as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

VIII. And Whereas the said Company are by the said recited Act authorized to fix and regulate from

time to time the Sums to be paid for such Proofs, so as that no higher Sum than One Shilling shall in any

case be demanded, taken or received, in respect of any one Barrel brought to such House to be proved and

marked under the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted, 'f hat so much and such Parts of the said re* cited Act as authorizes the said Company to fix and regulate the Price of proving such Barrels, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to fix and regulate from time to time the Sums to be paid for such Proofs, so as that no higher Slim shall in any case be demanded, taken or received for any Barrel which shall be proved at such Proof House, and marked as proved under the said recited Act or this Act, than is herein after mentioned and set forth; that is to say,

First, For any common Birding, Spanish, Dutch, Carolina Musket, Carbine or other Barrel, not being made of Twilled or Stub Iron, nor above the Calibre of Six Eighths and an Half, any Sum not exceeding Six pence for each and every Barrel:

Secondly, For every Pair of plain Iron or Brass Holder or Saddle Pistol Barrels, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence for each Pair:

Thirdly, For every Barrel made of Twilled or Stub Iron, any Sum not exceeding Nine pence for each and every Barrel; and for every Pair of Stub or Twilled Pistol Barrels, any Sum not exceeding Nine pence for each Pair; And,

Fourthly, For any Barrel above the Calibre of Six Eighths and an Half, any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for each and every Barrel; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That any and all Offence and Offences against this Act shall and may be heard and determined in a summary way by or before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed; and the Conviction for the fame may be had and made upon the Oath or Oaths of One or mote credible Witness or Witnesses; and the Amount of the Forfeiture or Penalty for any and every such Offence or Offences shall be fixed and determined by such Justices, not exceeding the Sums hereinbefore mentioned; and One Half thereof shall be paid and payable to the Informer, and the other Half thereof to the OverseeTs of foe Poor of foe Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; and such Justices may award add direct to be paid by any Party such Cods as they shall judge reasonable; and in case any such Forfeiture or Forfeitures, or, Penalty or Penalties and Costs, shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, and the Person so convicted shall not signify his Intention to appeal against such Conviction, and forthwith enter

12 into

A.D. 1815» £5° GEORGII III. C. 59. 123

into Recognizance before such Justices, himself in the Penalty of a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Penalty fixed as aforesaid, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of a Sum equal to the Amount of the Penalty fixed as aforesaid, each of lawful Money of Great Britain, with condition to personally appear and prosecute such Appeal at the next General Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, where such Offence or Offences shall have been charged to have been committed, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, cause the fame Penaltiei and Costs to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction within their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said respective Companies of Gun Makers, their Limitation of Officers, Servants or Agents, shall not, nor shall any of them be subject or liable to any Prosecution or In- Prosecutions. formation by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless

such Prosecution shall be commenced or Information given within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences committed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted Form of Coa-of any Offence or Offences against this Act, may cause any such Conviction to be drawn up on Parchment or vi6lion.

Paper, in the Form or to the Effect following 5 that is to say,

1 1 J^E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

to wit. 3*is convi<sted before us [naming the Justices] of His Majesty's

' Justices of the Peace for the County of [or, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Town or

Place] for that the said [herestate the Offence] contrary to the Statute made in the

Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to injure the proper and careful 53 3. €.115*

c manufacturing of Fire Arms in England, and for making Provision for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms,

and contrary to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the fame Reign, intituled An Act,

[here set forth the Title of this A 8]: And we the said Justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said

for the said Offence to forfeit and pay the Sum of oMawful

t Money of Great Britain; and do order One thereof to be forthwith paid by .him the find

to [the Informer'] and the other thereof to the Overseert

of the Poor of the Parish of [where the Offence was committed]: And we the said Justices do also award and direfk the said forthwith to pay to the Sum of

for Costs. Given under our Hands the Day and Year above written.*

Aud every such Conviction shall be transmitted by such Justices to the next General Sessions or General Quar- Convictioa ter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place filed, wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any .Offence or Appeal. Offences punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal from every such Convictiop

to the next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, wherein such Offence was committed; and the Justices in or at the said next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall Costs. appear just and reasonable to be paid to either Party; which Decision shall be final 5 and if upon hearing the Final, said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted shall be confirmed, such Appellant shall forthwith pay the Forfeitures or Penalty mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs awarded to be paid by fjuch Appellant; and in Default of Payment thereof, such Appellant shall immediately be committed by the said Court to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, imprisoament. Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, where any such Offence may have been committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Costs shall be sooner paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall feel himself or themselves aggrieved Appeal by any of the Acts, Orders or Proceedings of the said Trustees, Guardians and Wardens, or either of them,

in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Warwick such Appellant (if there be sufficient time after the cause of such Complaint shall have arisen) first giving or causing to be given Eight Days* Notice.

Notice at least in Writing of his or their Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice (if required), entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties Recognizance, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions: and for want of sufficient time for giving such Notice previous to the First Quarter Sessions after the Caule of such Complaint shall have happened, then such Appeal, after such Notice and under such Recognizance may be made at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County; and the Justices at such First or Second Sessions shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Costs to the Parties Costi. appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such


124

PinaLr

Distrcfj.

Imprisonment.

Limitation of Actions.

Gtntral IfTut,

Treble Costa.

Proof House

Accounts

audited.

Ji 3* HJ* §4. in part repealed.

Company of Guardian*, &c. of Gun Barrel Proof House of Birmingham incorporated.

[Public Act.]

C. 59. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Sessions may also by their Ordtr or Warrant, levy such Costa so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, and for want of sufficient Distress, commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or Home of Correction for the said County, there to remain for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no A6Uon or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Pet* fons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and the said recited Act, until after Thirty Days' Notice in Writing shall be thereof given to the Guardians, Trustees and Wardens of the Gun-barrel Proof House of the Town of Birmingham, nominated and appointed by, or to be chosen and elected under and by virtue of the said recited Act, or their Solicitor for the time being, or to the Mailer or Warden of the Company of Gunmakers of the City of London for the time being, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits shall be so brought; and all such Actiona or Suits, shall be laid and tried in the County, City or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the said recited Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for or 00 which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act and the said recited Act $ and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Days' Notice was given, as before directed, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered or paid into Court as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that Purpose limited, ow shall be laid in any other County, City or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein $ and it a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if, upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then and in either of the cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall bare such Remedy and Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for the Recovery of his, her or their Costs in other cases by Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Accounts of the said Proof House (a)9 and of all Sums of Money to be paid, laid out and expended in the Conduct and Management thereof, and carrying on the fame, and of all Sums to be paid in respect of any interest or Principal of any Sums advanced and expended under the said recited Act or this Act, in the building, completing and establishing the fame, and of all Sums to be received under the Provisions of the said Act and this Act, (haS once in each Year be audited by some Justice of the Peace a6ling at Birmingham or within Seven Miles thereof.

[i. e. at Birmingham. Qu.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act as enads that the Lord Lieutenants of the respective Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Sfafford, and the Persons serving in Parliament for the said Counties respectively for the time being, and Robert Wheeler, John Adams, Thomas Archer junior, Richard Sutherland, John Heely, John Oughton, William Ryan, Bartholomew Redfern, John Williams Keene, John Smith, William Allport, John Jones, George Jones, Gad Parsons, Joseph Bunney, and their Successors, to be chosen in manner thereinafter directed, should be a Body Politic and Corporate, and called or known by the Name of "The Guardians, Trustees and Wardens of the Gun-barrel Proof House of €i the Town of Birmingham, " for the Purpose of proving, or causing to be proved, in the manner directed by the said recited Act, all Barrels for Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blunderbuffes, Pistols, and every other Description of Fire Arms which should be brought to the Proof House at Birmingham to be proved according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the Lord Lieutenants of the respective Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Stafford, and the Persons serving in Parliament for the said Counties respectively for the time being, and Robert Wheeler, John Adams, Thomas Archer junior, Richard Sutherland, John Heeley, John Oughton, William Ryan, Bartholomew Redfern, John Williams Keene, John Smith, William Allport, John Jones, George Jones, Gad Parsons, Jqfeph Bunney, the High and Low Bailiff for the Town of Birmingham for the time being, and all Acting Magistrate8 residing within Seven Miles of the Town of Birmingham, and their Successors to be chosen in manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be and they are hereby declared to be a Body Politic and Corporate, and shall be called or known by the Name of "The Guardians, Trustees and Wardens of the Gun* €t barrel Proof House of the Town of Birminghamfor the Purpose of proving or causing to be proved, in the manner directed by the said recited Act, all Barrels for Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blunderbuftes, Pistols, and every other Description of Fire Arms which shall be brought to the Proof House at Birmingham to be proved according to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1815.

55* GEORGII III.

C. 60.

1*5

|6.

31 G. % . c. 10.

CAP. LX.

An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy, and to make new Provisions respecting the same.

[25th May 1815.]

WHEREAS the consolidating the several Laws relating to the Payment of the Wages, Pay, Prize«W Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money, due to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, and making such further Provision respecting the fame, as from Experience has been found to be necessary, would be attended with great Advantages to that Description of Persons* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign 9& xo W.3, of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of c. 41.

His Majesty's Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds and Abuses in paying Seamen's Wages, as relates to the Crimes of personating Seamen, and of Forgery therein mentioned, ana of personating the Wives, Rela- §3.

tions or Creditors of such Seamen (a); and to Letters of Attorney and Wills made by such Seamen; and §

also so much of an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the ao G. a. c. 24. Second, intituled An Act for the better securing the Payment of Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy, to the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, and for preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Stores belonging to the said Hof* pita!, as relates to such Letters of Attorney; and also so much of an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the pun3ual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more eafly and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments, as relates to Letters of Attorney made $ aij aa by inferior Officers or Seamen in the Service of His Majesty, or by the Executors or Administrators of any such Seamen; and to the Sum to be taken for the Writing and suing forth of the Probate of any Wills or 3 23. Letters of Administration, granted to the Widow or Child, Father or Mother, Brother or Sister of any inferior Officer, Seaman or Marine; and also as to the Crimes of personating or falsely assuming the Name or f 24. Character of any Officer, Seaman or other Person, or the Executor or Administrator, Wife, Relation or Creditor of such Officer, Seaman or other Person, and of Forgery, and taking or procuring any other Person to take a false Oath therein mentioned; and also so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign9 G. 3. c. 30. of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Tear of Her late §5* Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy, and for the more e/feSual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings, and PunUbment of Persons guilty of feeding or embezzling His Majesty's Naval Stores, or of Forgery or Perjury in relation to Seamen's Wages, as relates to the Crimes of Forgery or Perjury therein mentioned, and to the Abstract of the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act ib) thereby directed to be used; and also an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 26 G. 3. c. 63. tilled An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize money, and other Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of His Majesty's Ships; and also an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for explaining and 31 G. 3. c. 34* amending an A3faffed in the Twentyfixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of His Majesty's Shits; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may havtferved on board any of His Majesty's Ships; and also so much of an Act passed in the said Thirty 3*0-3* c. 67. second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for extending certain A3s therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served on board any of His Majesty's Ships, and residing in Ireland, as directs Abstracts thereof, and of other § X4^Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, to be made out, printed, hung up and read in His Majesty's Ships and Vessels; and also so much of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4p g. 3. c. 10$. intituled An Act to amend the several Acts respecting the Payment of Wages and Prize Money, and Allotment of Wages, to Persons serving in His Majesty's Royal Navy, as relates to the executing and attesting of Wills made by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, before or after their Entry into His Majesty's Service, and to the Authority given to such Persons, after their Discharge from such Service, to give Orders for the Payment of Sums to a limited Amount, on the Treasurer of the Navy; and also so much of the same Act as deferibes who shall be deemed Petty or Inferior Officers, Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines; and to the Penalty of forging and uttering the Signature of any Minister, Churchwarden, Elder or Inhabitant of any Parish; and also so much of the same Act as ioflids Penalties on Prodors or other Persons for delivering Letters of Administration or Probates of Wills, to any other Person than the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy; and on Agents for paying Prize Money under any other Authority than the Check therein mentioned 5 and also so much of an Act passed in the Fifty G'3* fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize 5 '*

Money, and the Transmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital, as directs that all (a) [See 1G.1. Stat. 2. c. 25. §7, 8.]

[This Abstract was contained in 31 G. 2. c. io- §34. and was repealed by 32 G. 3# c. 67. § i£. and fee $ 57* of this Act.]

the

§ 1 —; J.

§6.

io.

§17-

Exception#.

Mode of executing Letters of Attorney and Will#.

C. 60. 55° GEORGII TO. A.D. 1815.

the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties respecting the Distribution of Prize Money, and the accounting for and paying over the Proceeds of Prize in the said Act contained, shall be extended to all Seizures under the Revenue Laws, apd to Grants of His Majesty's Bounties granted, by Parliament, and othei* Monies in the Hands of Prize Agents as therein mentioned.; mall be, and the same are hereby severally repealed, to all Intents and Purposes whatever; save and except as to any Offences or Crimes which may have been or shall be committed against the said Acts or any of them, before the Commencement of this Act, and the Prosecution and Puaiffiment of such Offences or Crimes; and also save and except as to all Letters, of Attorney and Wills made by such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines* prior to the Commencement of this Act; all which said Letters of Attorney and Wills shall be, of the fame Force and Effect, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as the fame were subject to; under the said recited Acts or any of them before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Will made by any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, before his Entry into His Majesty's Service, shall be valid to pass or bequeath any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, to accrue due for or in relped of the Service of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in His Majesty's Navy 5 and that no Letter of Attorney to be hereafter made by any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall be or shall have been in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Executors or Administrators of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be good, valid or sufficient to empower or entitle any Person or Persons to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowance of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due for the Service of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, on board any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, unless such Letter of Attorney shall be declared to be revocable by the express Words thereof; and that no such Letter of Attorney shall be good, valid or sufficient to empower or entitle any Person or Persons to receive any such Wages, Pay or other Allowance of Money; nor shall any Will made or to be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall be or shall have been in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at any time lince, be good, valid or sufficient to bequeath any such Wages, Pay or other Allowance of Money, or any Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or to grow due, to any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, unless such Letter of Attorney or Will respectively shall contain the Name of the Ship to which the Person executing the fame belonged at the time, or to which he last belonged; or in case such Letter of Attorney shall be made by an Executor, or Administrator, shall contain the Name of the Ship to which his or her Testator or Intestate last belonged in his Life-time; and also in every case a full Description of the Degree of RelationIhip or Residence of the Person or Persons to whom or in whose Favour, either as Attorney or Attornies, Executor or Executors, the same shall be granted or made 5 aBd also the Day of the Month and Year, and the Name of the Place when and where the lame shall have been executed 5 nor shall any such Letter of Attorney or Will be good, valid or sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, unless the fame respectively shall, in the several cases herein after spedfied, be executed and attested in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say. In case any such Letter of Attorney 6r Will shall be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at any time or times whilst they shall respectively belong to and be on board of any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as Part of the Complement thereof, or be borne on the Books of any such Ship or Vessel as a Supernumerary, or as an Invalid, or for Victuals only, unless such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by the Captain or other Officer having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, or (during the Absence of such Captain or other Officer on Leave or on separate Service) by the Commanding Officer of such Ship or Vessel for the time being; and who, in that case, shall state at the Foot of such Attestation the Absence of such Captain or other Commanding Office* from such Ship or Vessel, at the time of the Execution of such Will or Letter of Attorney, and the Occasion thereof; or in case of the Inability of such Captain or Commanding Officer, by reason of Wounds or Sick-ness, to attest any such Will or Letter of Attorney, then, unless such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by the First Lieutenant or other Officer next in command of such Ship or Vessel, who shall state at the Foot of such Attestation the Inability of such Captain or Commanding Officer to attest the fame: In case any such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in any of His Majesty's Hospitals, or on board of any of His Majesty's Hospital Ships, or in any Military or Merchant Hospital, or at any Sick Quarters either at Home or Abroad, unless such Letter ot Attorney or Will shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by the Governor, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Agent or Chaplain of any such Hospital or Sick Quarters of His Majesty, or by the Commanding Officer, Agent, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon or Chaplain for the time being of any such Hospital Ship, or by the Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Agent, Chaplain or Chief Officer of such Military or Merchant Hospital, or other Sick Quarters, or one of them: In case any such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, on board of any Ship or Vessel in the Transport Service, or in aiw Merchant Ship or Vessel, unless the same shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by some Commiluon or Warrant Officer, or Chaplain in His Majesty's Navy, or some Commission Officer or Chaplain belonging, to His Majesty's Land Forces or Royal Marines, or the Governor, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, or Agent of any Hospital in His Majesty's Naval or Military Service, who may happen to be jhen on board of such Transport, or Merchant Vessel, or by the Matter or First Mate of such Transport or Merchant'Vessel, or One of them: In case any such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be made by any" such

Petty

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII ftfc.

C. 6o< <i&7

Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marine or Marine, after he shall bare been discharged from His Majesty's Service; or if such Letter of Attorney shall be made by the Executors or Admkiftratora of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, unless the fame (if tbs Party making such Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside in London or Westminster, or within the Bills of Mortality) shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by the Inspector for the time being of Seamen's Wflls and Powers of Attorney, or his Assistant or Clerk; or unless the fame (if the Party making such Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside at or within the Distance of Seven Mdee from any Port or Place where the Wages of Seamen in His Majesty's Service are paid) shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by one of the Clerks in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy resident at such Port or Place or unless the lame (if the Party making such Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside at any other Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man) shaft be executed in the Presence of and attested by One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or by th^Minister or Officiating Minister or Curate of the Parish or Place in which such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be executed; or unless the feme (if the Party making such Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or any Colony, Plantation, Settlement, Fort, Factory. or any other Foreign Possession or Dependency of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Settlement within the Charter erf the East India Company) shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by some Commission or Warrant Officer or Chaplain of His Majesty's Navy, or Commission Officer of Royal Marines, or the Commissioner of the Navy, or Naval Storekeeper at One of His Majesty's Naval Yards, or a Minister of the Church of England or Scotland, or a Magistrate or principal Officer, redding in any such llland. Colony, Plantation,

Settlement, Fort, Factory, or other Possession or Dependency of His Majesty, or Settlement within the Charter of - the Etjfi India Company (or if the Party making such Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside at aoy Place not within His Majesty's Dominions, or any Settlement, Fort, Factory, or other foreign Possession or Dependency of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Settlement within - the Charter of the East India Company), unless the same shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by the British Confal or Vice Consul, pr some Officer having a Public Appointment or Commission, Civil, Naval or Military under His Majesty's Government, or by a Magistrate or Notary Public, of or near the Place yrhere such Letter of j^ttbrrief or'Will shall be executed.

III. And Whereas divers Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marjpes,

have made their Willg, and died whilst they were Prisoners of War in Parts beyond the Seas 5 and Doubts have arisen whether such Wills, and also Letters of Attorney made and executed under like circumstances, are«good, valid and sufficient to bequeath or to empower any Person to receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty

Money, or other Allowances of Money of any Kind, due at the respective times of, making such Letters of

Attorney, or of the Deaths of the Parties respectively, by reason that the fame were notv executed and attested

in the manner directed by the said recited Acts or any of them 5 and it is therefore expedient to jprpvid'; , that such Letters of Attorney and Wills shall, in certain cases, be good and valid 5' Be it therefore enacted, That Letter* of At-

every such Letter of Attorney and Will, which have or hath been, or which at any time or tiroes hereafter shall torn«y> be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at any time refe^IWons or times whilst they were or shall be respectively Prisoners of War in Parts beyond the Seas, are and shall be as vaHd, if attested

good, valid and sufficient, and of such and the same force, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had .been as herein men respectively executed and attested in the manner required by the said recited Acts or any of them; provided tioned. every such Letter of Attorney or Will shall have been executed in the Presence of and attested by some: Commission or Warrant Officer of His Majesty's Navy, Commission Officer of Royal Marines, Phyffcian, Surgeon#

Assistant Surgeon, Agent or Chaplain to some Naval Hospital, or some Commission Officer, JPhysician, Surgeon#

Assistant Surgeon or Chaplain of the Army, or any Notary Public; any thing in the said recited Acts or any of them, or in any other Act or AAs, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandjag; but so as not to invalidate or disturb any Payment 'which hath been already-made under any Letter of Adpriniftrarion, Certificates, or otherwise, pursuant to the said recited Act or any of them, in consequence of the Rejeflion of any such Wills as may have been rejected by the Inspector of Sean^n's Wills for want of the due Attestation thereof, accfinding to the Directions at the said recited Acts or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Will of any Seaman, contained, printed or written in the fame

Instrument, Paper or Parchment, with a Letter of Attorney, shall be good or available in Law, to any Intent or Purpose whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Captains and Commanders of Ships shall, upon their Monthly Muster Books or Returns, specify which of the Persons mentioned in the said Returns have made or granted any Letter of Attorney or Will during that Month or other Space of time from the preceding Return, by interedon Muster ferting the Date thereof opposite the party's Name, under the Heads of u Letter of Attorney, " or M Will, " Book.

or both, as the case may require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That before any such Letter of Attorney or Will, aain this Act mentioned, Letters of At-shall be attempted to be acted upon or put in force, the same shall be sent to the Treasurer of the Navy at the torney and Will* Navy Pay Office London, in order that the fame may be examined by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and exa"Ted Letters or Attorney, who, or his Assistants, shall immediately on Receipt of every such Letter of Attorney and Will, duly register the fame respectively, in a numerical and alphabetical manner, in separate Books to be found atthenii* 'kept for that Purpose, specifying the Date of such Letter X>£ Attorney or Will, the Place where .executed, and the Naihe afld Addition, Names and Additions of the Person or Persons to whom or in whose Favour, either as Attorney or Attornies, Executor or Executors, the same shall have been granted or made; and also The'Names and Additions of the Witnesses attesting the fame, and shall mark the said Letters of Attome^and

Seamen's Will

not in fame Instrument with Letter of Attorney.

Wills, &c en-

128

Civtftt.

No Letter of Attorney passed by Infoeltor until Certificate produced.

Form.

Executors to obtain Probate of Wills in manner herein mentioned.

C. 60. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Wills, with Numbers corresponding with the Numbers made on the Entries thereof in the said Books; and the said Inspector shall take all due and proper means to ascertain the Authenticity of every such Letter of Attorney and Will; and in case it shall appear to him, or he shall have reason to suspect that any such Letter of Attorney or Will is not authentic, he shall forthwith give Notice in Writing to the Person or Persons to whom or in whose Favour such Letter of Attorney or Wul shall have been granted or made, either as Attorney or Attornies, Executor or Executors, that the fame is (lopped, and the reaion thereof, and shall also report the lame to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, and shall enter his Caveat against such Letter of Attorney or Will, which shall prevent any Money from being had and received thereon, until the same shall be authenticated to the Satisra&ion of the said Treasurer or Paymaster; but if upon such Examination and Enquiry it shall appear to the said Treasurer, Paymaster or Inspector, that such Letter of Attorney or Will is authentic, the said Inspector, or his Assistant, shall sign his Name to such Letter of Attorney or Will, and also put a Stamp thereon in Token of his Approbation thereof; and the said Inspector, or his Assistant, shall, as to such Letters of Attorney which shall have been so approved and signed as aforesaid, forthwith send to such Attorney or Attornies a Check, signed by him the said Inspector or his Assistant, specifying the Number of such Letter of Attorney, the Name and Addition of the Person granting the fame, the Name and Addition of the Person in whose Favour the fame is granted, the Date and Place when and where executed, and the Names of the Witnesses attesting the fame, which said Check shall be a sufficient Authority for the said Attorney or Attornies to demand and receive Payment of, and to give Acquittances for all such Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, to which the Person granting the fame was entitled for his Service on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Letter of Attorney made or executed by any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be passed, damped and allowed by the said Inspector, until a Certificate shall be produced to him from the Captain, or Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel to which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine belonged, during the time for which the Wages, Pay or other Allowances to be received under or by virtue of tuck Letter of Attorney, became due; which Certificate shall be in the Form following, or to the like Effect:

No.

' 'J'HESE are to certify, That A. 3. has served as on board of His Majesty's Ship

' under my Command, from the to the

Dated the of A. 3. is Feet

Inches high, is of a Complexion, and aged Years.9

Unless such Power of Attorney shall have been made and executed on board the Ship or Vessel to which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine belonged, in the Manner and Form directed by this Act, or unless reasonable Cause shall be shewn to and allowed of by the said Treasurer, Paymaster or Inspector, for dispensing with such Certificate.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall have belonged to any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, has died, or shall hereafter die, having left a Will or Testament appointing any Executor or Executors therein, no Pay, Wages, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money, which may have been due or owing to such Testator at the time of his Death, shall be paid over to or recovered by such Executor or Executors, except upon the Probate of such Will, to be obtained in the following manner; videlicet, after such Will shall have been so transmitted, registered, inspected and approved, as hereinbefore directed, the inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers of Attorney shall issue or cause to be issued, to the Person named and described as Executor or Executrix of such Will, a Check in lieu thereof, containing Directions to return the fame, upon the Testator9* Death, to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy; which Check shall be in the Words and Figures, or to the Purport or Effect following; that is to say,

No.

CHECK.

Navy Pay Office, 18

JT being directed by Act of Parliament, 55 Geo. III. Cap..that Wills granted by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, belonging to His Majesty's Navy, shall be lodged in this Office for the Purposes therein specified; and that a Check shall be issued for every such Will, mentioning the particular Heads thereof, which by virtue of the said Act shall stand in the Place of the fame: This is therefore issued to shew the Receipt at thi6 Office, of a Will dated at [or, on board

4 of] upon the Day of made and executed by A. 3. now

or formerly of His Majesty's Ship in Favour of C.D. and appointing E. F. Executor [or,

Executrix] and which is attested by G. H- and J. K* The said E. F. upon the Testator's Death, is entitled, upon Production of this Checx, to demand of this Office, that the said Will may be directed and sent to a Proctor in DoSore Common/ to obtain a Probate thereof, which Probate is also to be lodged in this

Office; I

now apply for a Certificate, to enable me to obtain Probate of the above mentioned Will, being the Exe-

eutor [or, Executrix] therein named. — My Place of Abode is at

1 (Signed) E.F.'

n

ws

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 60. 129

4 WE hereby certify. That we personally know the above subscribing E. F. the pretest Holder of this Check, who is as Inhabitant of this Parish; and that we believe him [or, her] to be the Perfo- described as Executor, for, Executrix] thereim

4 L. M.

N.O.

Both Housekeepers of the Parish of in the County of

I hereby certify, That I have examined the above named E. F. the Executor [or, Executrix] and also the above named L. M. and N. 0. (Inhabitant Householders in this Parish) as to their Knowledge of the said E. F. and of his [or, her] being the Executor [or, Executrix] of the Will of the above named A.B. as he [or, me] represents himself [or, herself] to be; and that I am Satisfied with

their Answers, and have Seen the said E. F. sign the said Petition or Application, and the said L. Jf.

and N 0. sign the said Certificate in my Presence.

The said E. F. the Executor, [or, Executrix], is Feet Inches high, Com*

plexion, Eyes, Hair, Age, particular Marks.

thi. Day of P. Q.Minister.

4 N.B. If the Testator shall die after he leaves the Naval Service, a Certificate of his Burial, or Some other authentic Proof of his Death, mud likewise be sent to this Office.

4 If the Executor [or, Executrix] knows any Proctor in Doctors Commons, he [or, she] is desired to mention his Name, that he may be employed in obtaining the Probate.

The above Application and Certificates are to be filled up and signed upon the Testator's Death, and the Check to be sent by the General Post, under Cover directed to the Treasurer, or, to the Pay.

mailer of His Majesty's Navy, London And in the Event of the Testator*s Death, the Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate of the Parish in which Doty oCMiaif. the said Executor or Executrix may then reside, shall, upon being applied to for his Signature to the Certifi- &c* cate at the Foot of the said Check, examine Such Executor or Executrix, and such Two Inhabitant House-holders of the Parish, as may be disposed to sign the First Certificate on the said Check, touching the Claim of the said Executor or Executrix; and being Satisfied of his or her being the Person described as Executor or Executrix in the said Check, the said Executor or Executrix shall subscribe the Application Subjoined to the Said Check (the Blank therein being first filled up agreeably to the Truth), in the Presence of the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate; and the said Two Inhabitant Householders shall also subscribe the said First Certificate on the said Check (the Blanks therein being first filled up agreeably to the Truth) in the like Presence; for which respective Purposes the said Executor or Executrix, and the said Householders, shall attend at such Time and Place, Times and Places, as the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate shall appoint; and the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate shall sign the Second Certificate on the said Check (the Blanks therein, and in the Description thereunto Subjoined, being first filled up agreeably to the Truth); and the said Executor or Executrix shall, before his or her Examination, or his or her signing the feud Application, pay to the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sit pence for his Trouble on the Occasion 5 and the said Application and Certificates, being in all things comr-pleted according to the Directions therein and hereby given, the same shall be transmitted by the said Minister,

Officiating Minister or Curate, by the General Post, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of the Navy, London; and the said original Will having been passed and stamped in the manner directed by this Act, the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, or his Assistant, shall note thereon the Amount of the Wages due to the Deceased, as calculated on the Search sent to the Inspector from the Navy Office, and shall forward such Will to a Proctor in DoSors Commons, in order to his obtaining Probate thereof: And in case the Executor or Executrix shall not reside within the Bills of Mortality, the said Inspector shall also forward to such Proctor a Letter addressed to the said Minister, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

No. 4 Navy Pay Office,

Reverend Sir, 18

4 J AM directed by Act of Parliament, 55 Geo. III. Chap..to forward to you the inclosed Commission [or. Requisition] for the Purpose of swearing E. F. therein named as Executor [or, Executrix] of

Fe#.

Land Tax, the Collector of the Customs, or of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, whose Abode is nearest to the Executor [or. Executrix] and who will be directed to pay him [or, her] the Wages due to the Deceased.

The Copy of the Will may be delivered to the Executor [or. Executrix.]

4 I am. Reverend Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

4 J. P. Inspector.

To P. Q. Minister of the Parish of in the County of .*

55 Geo. III.

And

*3°

Duty of Proflor,

C. 60.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Doty of Minis-ters ob receiviBf Coamissions.

Residence of nearest Receiver General of Laud Tax, &c. specified.

Probate

obtained.

Wagea of Persont dying intestate paid only upon Admini-ft ration obtained in manner herein mentioned.

And such Proctor having received the said Will, and the said Letter so written by the Inspector (in case such Letter shall be necessary), shall immediately sue out the previous Commission or Requifltion, or talte such other proper and legal Steps as may be necessary towards enabling > the said Executor or Executrix, so applying for Probate of the said Will, to obtain the fame; and shall enclose in the said Letter such previous Commission or Requisition, or other legal or necessary Instrument, with Instructions for executing the fame, and also a Copy of the said Will; and the said Letter and Inclosures shall be forwarded to the said Minister by the General Post, agreeably to the Address put thereon by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Minister shall immediately upon the Receipt of such previous Commission or Requifltion, or other Instrument, take such Steps as to hun may seem proper or necessary for procuring the Execution of such previous Commission or Requifltion, or other Instrument, directed by the Proctor employed in DoSors Commons to be executed, and the fame being so executed, he shall transmit the same to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, London; and if the Person applying for such Probate of Will, shall be and reside at a Distance from the Place where Wages, Prize Money or other Allowances of Money due to the Deceased are payable, he shall specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, who may be most convenient or nearest to the Person applying for such Probate; and the said Treasurer, Paymaster or Inspector, shall, immediately upon Receipt thereof, fend the said previous Commission or Requifltion, or other legal Instrument, executed by the Person applying for the Probate as aforesaid, to the aforesaid Proctor in Doctors Commons, who, in pursuance thereof, shall forthwith sue out and procure such Probate.

X. And be it further enacted, That when any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall have belonged to any Ship or Vesslel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, has died, or hereafter shall die intestate, leaving any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money of any Kind due to him, in reiped of Services in His Majesty's Navy, the same shall not be paid unto any Kepresentatives of such Intestate but upon Letters of Administration to be obtained in the following manner; viz. the Person or Persons claiming such Administration shall fend or give in a Note or Letter to the said Inspector, dating his or her Place of Abode, and the Parish in which the lame is situate, the Name of the Deceased, the Name of the Ship or Ships to which he belonged, and that he or she has been informed of his Death, and requesting the Inspector to give such Directions as may enable him or her to procure Letters of Administration to the Deceased, or to the like Effect 5 upon Receipt whereof the said Inspector shall fend or cause to be sent, by Course of Post, under Cover to the Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate of the Parish wherein the said Claimant shall reflde, a Petition or Paper in the Words and Figures following, or to the like Purport and Effect j

No.

LIST.

Widow.

1 ft Degree 2d —

'3d -

'4th _ 4 5th — *6th — 4 7th — 4 -8th — 4 9th — 4 10th —

- Child.

- Father.

- Mother.

- Brother or Sister.

- Grandfather or Grandmother.

- Uncle, Aunt, Nephew or Niece.

- Cousin German.

- Cousin German once removed.

Second Couftn.

to his Effects, being his lawful

Sir,

of

Having obtained Information that A.B. born about the Year

at and belonging to His Majesty's

Ship about the Year

died at in the Month

One thousand eight hundred and without leaving any Will, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, I now apply for a Certificate to enable me to obtain Letters of Administration and foie [or, One of his] nearest of Kin; no one to the best of my Knowledge and Belief of a nearer Degree being living at the time of the Death of the said Deceased, who died a Bachelor [or. Widower]. — My Place of Abode is

4 C. D.

4 We hereby certify, That .we personally know the above subscribing C. Z). and believe what he [or, (he] 4 has dated to be true.

4 E. F>

4 G. H*

both Inhabitant Householders of the Parish of in the County of

4 I hereby Certify, That I have examined the above named C. Z). who claims Administration to A.B. late 3, belonging to His Majesty's Ship and also the above named E. F. and G. H. (Inter

bitant Householders of this Parish) as tp their Knowledge of the said C. Z). and of his [or, her] Right to administer to the Effects of the said A Z?. and that I am (atisfled with their Answers, and have feea th^ 4 said (7. D. sign the above Application or Petition, and also seen the said £. F* and G. Zf. sign the above Certificate.

The said C. ZX is

Hair, At

Day of

Age,

this

Feet

Inches high.

particular Mar

gh,

rki.

Complexion,

Eyes,

18

ifter.*

4 N.B* If

A.D. 18«5. 55° GEORGII III. C. 60. 131

N.B. If the Person applying is the Widow of the Party deceased, flic mud forward an Extract from the Parish Register, or some other authentic Proof of "her Marriage.

If the Deceased died after he had left the Naval Service, an Extract from the Parish Register of his ' Burial, or some other authentic Proof of his Death, mu ft likewise be sent to this Office.

If the Person applying knows any Proctor in Dolors Commons, (he [or, he] is desired to mention

his Name, that he may be employed in obtaining the Letters of Administration.

' This Application, vrhen filled up and attested, is to be sent by the General Post, under Cover, c directed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, London.'

And the said Inspector shall at the same time fend or cause to be sent to such Minister, Officiating Minister or Inspector, Curate, a Letter, acquainting him with the Nature of the Claim and the Steps to be taken thereon, in pur- Duty fuance of the Directions herein after in that behalf contained; and also fend or cause to be sent, in like manner, to the Claimant a Letter, advising him, or her, of the forwarding of the said Petition or Paper under Cover, to such Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, and directing him to take such Steps as are herein after directed, for the Purpose of substantiating his Claim to the Satisfaction of the said inspector; and upon Receipt Minister, kc, of the said Petition or Paper and Letter, the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, shall, on being how to Act, applied to for his Signature to the said Paper, examine the Claimant, and also such Two Inhabitant Householders of the Parish as may be disposed to sign the First Certificate on the said Paper, touching the Right of such Claimant to the Administration to the Effects of the Intestate, according to the Degree of Relationship Hated in such Petition, and being satisfied of such Right, the Person claiming such Administration shall fill up or cause to be filled up, the several Blanks in the First Part of the said Paper, according as the Truth may be, and subscribe the fame in the Presence of the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, and the said Two Inhabitant Householders shall also subscribe the First Certificate on the said Paper (the Blanks therein being first filled up agreeably to the Truth) in the like Presence; for which respective Purposes the said Claimant and the said Householders shall attend at such such Time and Place, Times and Places, as the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate shall appoint; and the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate,

shall sign the Second Certificate upon, the aforesaid Paper, (the Blanks therein and in the Description thereunto subjoined, being first filled up agreeably to the Truth); and the said Claimant shall, before his or her Examination, or his or her signing* the said Petition or Application, pay to the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence for his Trouble on the Occasion; and the said Fee.

Paper being in all things completed according to the Directions therein and hereby given, the same shall be returned by the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, by the General Post, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of the Navy, London, who upon receiving the same shall direct the Inspector of Seamen's Wills to examine the fame, and make such Enquiry relative thereto, as may appear to him necessary in that behalf; and being satisfied, he shall forthwith make out a Certificate in the Words and Figures following, or to the like Purport or Effect;

4 By Act of Parliament, 55 Geo. III. Chap.

f No.

Certificate to obtain Letters of Administration.

Navy Pay Office,

18

4 TJAV1NG duly examined an Application made to this Office, by C.D. of in the County of stating that {he [or, he] is the of A.B. originally of and late

4 a Seaman [*r, Marine^ belonging to His Majesty's Ship who died intestate a Widower [cr, Ba-

chelor] on the Day of 18.and without leaving any One of a nearer Degree of

Kindred to him; and it appearing that no Will of the Deceased has been lodged in this Office, I therefore«gjrant this Abstra&.of the said Application, and certify, that I believe what is therein stated to be true;

and also that the said C.D. may obtain Letters of Administration to the Effects of the said A.B. deceased*

which Effe£b appear not to exceed the Sum of provided always, that Aie [#r, he] is

otherwise entitled thereto by Law.

4 J. P. Inspector.'

1 To

Proctor in Doctors Commons 4 S

4 N.B. The previous Commission or Requisition (if such should be necessary) is to be addressed agreeably

4 to the Superscription of the within Cover in which the fame is to be enclosed, and forwarded by the

Proctor 5 and when such Commission or Requisition shall be returned to this Office, it will be for-

warded to him, and he is then to sue out Letters of Administration, and fend them to the Inspector,

with his. Charge noted thereon.'

And aftef filling up the Blanks in the said Certificate, as the case may require, the said Inspector shall sign an&address the same to a Proctor in Doctors Commons; and in case the Person claiming Administration shall sot rfcfide within the Bills of Mortality, the said Inspector shall at the same time enclose and fend with such Certificate a Letter addressed to the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, as the case may be, of the Parish within which such Person then shall reside, signifying the Transmission of such Commission or Requisition, fdr the Purpose of swearing the Claimant as Administrator or Administratrix as aforesaid 5 provided to the best of the said Minister's or Curate's Belief, he or she answers the Description contained in the fame; and instruAiqg ium to return the Commission or Requisition, when executed, under Cover, addressed to the Treasurer or to

S 2'the

i$2 C. 60.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

If Minuter, &c. reject Petition, to state reasont to Treasurer of Navy.

Ministers on receiving Commission* to procure Execution, and transrair them to Pay Office.

Residence of nearest Receiver General of Land Tax, Stc. specified.

Admin istration obtained.

Treasurer or Paymaster of Navy, to direct Inspector to issue Check, &c.

Hie Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, London, and to specify and describe the 'Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, whole Abode is nearest to the Person applying for such Admin istration, and 'who will be directed to pay him or her the Wages due to the Deceased; and the Proctor to whom such Certificate shall be addressed and sent, shall, immediately upon Receipt of the fame, sue out the previous Commission or Requisition, if necessary, or take such other Steps as may be proper towards enabling the Person so applying for Letters of Administration, to obtain the lame, 'and shall enclose such previous Commission or Requisition, or other legal and necessary Instrument, with instructions for executing the fame, in the Letter so to be addressed to such Minister, by the said Inspector, as last aforesaid, and shall forward such Letter and Endofures by the General Post, agreeably to the Addiefft put thereon by the Treasurer of the Navy, the Paymaster of the Navy, or the said Inspector.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate shall reject the said Petition or Paper for want of Proof to his Satisfaction of the Claimant being the Person entitled to Letters of Administration of the Deceased'8 Effects, such Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, shall state his reasons for such Rejection on the said Petition or Paper, and forthwith return the fame, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of the Navy as aforesaid; and in case no Application shall be made to him the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate by the Claimant, or no effectual Steps shall be taken by such Claimant, so as to complete the said Petition or Paper, and the Certificates thereon, within the Space of Two Calendar Months from the Date of the Inspector'a Letter accompanying such Petition or Paper, he the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, shall at the Expiration of that time forthwith return the said Petition or Paper, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of the Navy as aforesaid, with his reason for doing so noted thereon.

XII. And be it enacted, That such Minister shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Letter as aforesaid, with the previous Commission or Requisition or other Instrument enclosed therein, take such Steps as to him may seem proper or necessary for procuring the execution of such previous Commission or Requisition, or other Instrument transmitted by the Proctor to be executed; and being so executed, he shall transmit the same to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, London; and if the Person applying for such Letters of Administration shall be or reside at a Distance from the Place where the Wages, Prize Money or other Allowances of Money due to the Deceased, are payable, he or they shall specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or desk of the Cheque, who may be most convenient or nearest to such Person applying for such Administration; and the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy shall, immediately upon the Receipt thereof, (end the said previous Commission or Requisition, or other legal Instrument executed. by the person applying for the Administration as aforesaid, to the Proctor employed in DoQors Commons, who in pursuance thereof shall forthwith sue out and procure Letters of Administration in Favour of the Person so applying for the feme, in the Manner and Form above mentioned, to the Estate and Effects of the Person who has so died Inteftace, as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Letters of Administration, or Probates of Wills or Letters of Administration tfith Will annexed, have been obtained, and passed the Seal of the proper Court in the manner hereinbefore directed in the different Events hereinbefore specified, the Proctor who hath sued out the feme shall immediately fend such Letters of Administration or Probates of Wills, and Letters of Administration with Will annexed, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, together with a Copy of the Will, and an Account of his or their Charges and Expences in obtaining the fame; which said Charges and Expences shall not exceed the Sum or Sums herein after allowed to be charged in the different Events herein after specified; and the said Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, upon receiving such Letters of Administration, or Probates of Wills, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, shall direct the Inspector of Seamen's Wills or the Person authorized to act for him, to issue or cause to be issued a Check containing the Heads of such Letters of Administration, or Probate of Will, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, as the case may be; and the said Inspector, or the Person authorized to act for him; shall note thereon the Amount of the said Proctor or Proctors

"Charges and Expences, provided the same shall be at and after the Rates herein after allowed to be charged; and likewise specify and describe upon the said Check, the Revenue Officer or Clerk of the Cheque redding as aforesaid, nearest to the Administrator or Executor so to be named in such Check, if such Communication shall have been made to him; which Check of Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, so prepared, shall be delivered over by him to the said Administrator; and which Check of Probate of Will shall be delivered over by him to the said Executor, together with the Copy of the Will which shall have been so transmitted to him by the Proctor or Proctors in Do8ors Commons, the said Copy being first stamped by the Inspector, if the said Administrator, or the said Administrator with Will annexed, or the said Executor, as the case may be, shall be present or demand the fame in Person; but if he shall not be present, but be and reside at a Distance, then and in that case the said Inspector shall deliver such Check ^and such Copy of Will to the Deputy Paymaster; which Check shall be in the following Form, or to the like Effect;

' No.

CHECK.

Navy Pay Office,

Day of

JT being directed by Act of Parliament, Fifty fifth George Third, Chap.

of Administration and Probates of Wills, granted to the Representative

that Letters

granted to the Representatives of Petty Officers and Seamen, 1 Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, belonging to His Majesty's Navy, shall be lodged in this

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III.P.60, 133

this Office, as Vouchers fb the Treasurer for Payments made thereon, and that a Check stall be issued for every such Administration and Probate of Will, and Administration with Will annexed, specifying the par*

ticnlar Heads thereof, Which, by virtue of the said Act, shall stand in place of the fame; this is therefore issued to shew the Receipt at this Office of [Lettert of Administration, Probate of Wist, Letters of Ad*

ministration with Will annexed] granted to C.D. of in the County of

4 as [ Admidiftrat Execut Administrat with Will annexed] of A. fi. late of

1 His Majesty's Ship Dated the Day of

No.

Remittance Bill, to be addressed to at

The aforesaid [Letters of Administration, Probate of Will, Letters of Administration with Will annexed]

were sued out by Proctor in DoQors Commons, whose Charges amount to

*/. P. Inspector.

4 To the Deputy Paymaster of the Navy.*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Proctor, Registrar or other Ofi\ggr of any Ecclesiastical Proctor nor to

Court, shall deliver or cause to be delivered any Letters of Administration, Probate of Will or Letters of deliver Letter of Administration with Will annexed, to any other Person or Persons than the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Administration Majesty's Navy, or the said Inspector, in the manner directed by this Act, such Proctor, Registrar or other"*

Officer of such Ecclesiastical Court, £b offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One xrgafur^ hundred Pounds to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; and if any Agent or Agents Paymaster of for Prizes shall pay any Prize Money due to a deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer Navy.

of Marines or Marine, under any other Authority whatever, than the Check directed by this Act to be issued Penalty, by the said Inspector, or Person authorized to officiate for him, such Payment shall be null and void; and the Agent or Agents so paying the fame, shall forfeit for every and each such Offence a Sum of Money equal Penalty, to the Amount of the Prize Money so paid by him or them, to the Use of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; and to be sued for, ' recovered and levied, with full Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, How recovered. Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster % either in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, or in the Name of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, or any other Person by nis Authority 5 in which Action no Essoin, Protection,

Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.,

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Ecclesiastical Court or Registrar or Registrars of such Court, or Expence of futng any Proctor or other Person whatsoever, shall, under any Pretence, take and receive any more for the Stamp, out Probate, fcc. Seal, Parchment, Writing, Fees and Trouble attending the suing forth the Probate of any Will or Letters of .Administration to the Effects of any Warrant or Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of

Marines or Marine respectively, for the Purpose of receiving Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or "other Allowances of Money of any Kind, which shall remain due to such Warrant or Petty Officer or Seaman,

Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at the time of his Death, or for or in respect of his Services in His Majesty's Navy, than the several Sums specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (B.) according to the different Circumstances therein expressed: Provided nevertheless, that if at any time or times Previso.

hereafter any Increase or Diminution shall take place in the Stamp Duties now payable on Probates of Wills or Letters of Administration to the Effects of Warrant or Petty Officers or Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines, or on any Instruments connected therewith, then and im such case the Charges for such Probates and Administrations shall and may be increased or dimiaished to the Extent of such Alteration in the Stamp Duties, but no further or otherwise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers, Proctor or Proctors, or any other Person Prodors, &c« or Persons shall presume to take any more than the several Sums allowed and directed to be taken, in the dif- taking morn ferent Events specified in the said Schedule hereunto annexed marked (B.) for the Charges of Probates, than allowed. Letters of Administration, Commissions and Requisitions, in the manner therein particularly mentioned and expressed, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to Penalty.

be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, together with full Costs of Suit, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed 5 or if any Registrar or other Officer Rtgiftrar, &c. of any Ecclesiastical Court shall knowingly or wilfully be aiding or assisting in procuring Probate of the Will »dh*S»* or Letters of Administration, for the Purpose of enabling any Person or Persons to receive the Wages, Pay,

Prize Money or Allowance of Money of any Kind, due or becoming due for the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine on board any Ship or Ships then or

formerly belonging to His Majesty or his Predecessors, or Heirs or Successors, otherwise than in the manner prescribed by this Act, every such Proctor, Registrar or other Officer, shall for ever after be incapable of acting in any Capacity in any Ecclesiastical Court in Great Britain, and shall for such Offence forfeit and pay Penalty, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered and levied by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be and belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to

him or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the fame, together with full Costs of Suit, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any extraordinary Pains, Trouble or Treasurer or Expence shall attend the suing out Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with the Will Psalterto annexed, to the Widow or next of Kin, or Probates of Wills to the Executors of any such Petty Officer or charge.*

Seaman,

i34 C. 60. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Seaman* Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the Proctor who has foed ont the fame, may, in Confederation thereof, make an Addition in Proportion to the find extraordinary Pains, Trouble and Expence, to his or their Bill of Charges and Expences; and which appearing reasonable, the Inspector shall allow and pass the fame; but if the same shall appear to the said Iafpecfcor unreasonable or exorbitant, he shall refer the lame to the Treasurer or Pay matter of the Navy, which Treasurer or Pay matter, in case he shall disapprove of such Bill, shall cause the same to be retimed to DoQors Commons to be checked and taxed by the Regittrars, or any One of them, or by the Deputy Registrars or any One of them, who are hereby directed so to do without Fee or Reward, unless the said Charges and Expences shall have arisen in consequence of any Litigation or Suit respecting the obtaining or filing out such Letters of Administration, Letters of Administration with Will annexed, or Probate of Will 5 m which case the said Registrars or Deputy Registrars shall fee. be permitted to charge and take the Fee of Three Shillings and Four pence.

Sums not ex-

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ceeding aol. Twenty Pounds shall be due for the Services as aforesaid, of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned

paid onCeriifi- Of&cer of Marines or Marine deceased; in order that the Widow, next of Kin, or Person named as Executor

ctle' in any Will or Testament of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine,

may not be put to great Expence, it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, after having taken the previous Steps to ascertain the Justncfs of their respective Claims to Probate or Administration, or Administration with Will annexed, in like manner as he has been hereinbefore directed to take, in cases of granting Certificates to DoSors Commons, for Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, or for Probates of Wills, to issue or cause to be issued a Certificate in the following Form, or to the like Effect;

Act of Parliament, 55 Geo. III.

No.

CERTIFICATE.

Navy Pay Office, Day of

T-TAVING duly examined a Claim presented to me as Inspector of Seamen's Wills, &c. by A.B. of 4 A A in the County of Hating that he [or, (he] is the of C. D.

originally of and lately a Seaman [or. Marine] belonging to His Majesty's Ship

and who died at on the I therefore hereby certify, That I believe the

Contents as therein stated to be true 5 and also, that the said A.B. is entitled to receive whatever Wages,

Prize Money and other Allowances of Money, may be due to the said Deceased, provided the Amount

thereof does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Remittance Bill to be addressed to at

«/. P. Inspector.

4 To the Deputy Paymaster of the Navy, [who shall take Care to note hereon all Sums which he shall pay,

4 or cause to be paid, upon the Authority of the same.]'

Certificate to Which Certificate so prepared shall be delivered over by him to the said Widow, next of Kin, or Person named whom delivered. a8 Executor, if he, she or they shall be present 5 but if he or they shall not be present, but be and reside at a Distance, then and in that case the said Inspector shall specify and describe upon the said Certificate, the Revenue Officer redding as aforesaid nearest to such Widow, next of Kin, or Person named as Executor, and shall deliver such Certificate to the Deputy Paymaster.

XIX. And Whereas Frauds have been frequently practised on the Representatives of deceased Petty

Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, by Persons falsely pretending to

be Creditors of such deceased Petty .Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines Creditors of For Prevention whereof be it enacted, That no Letters of Administration shall be granted to any Person ot* Seamen admi- Persons as a Creditor or Creditors of any deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of niftering to de- Marines or Marine, deceased in order to enable or entitle any such Person or Persons to receive the Wages, AccountT or *7* Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money of any Kind, due to any such Petty Officer Names and or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, for or in respectc of his Services in His Majesty's Places of Abode. Navy; but that all and every such Person and Persons claiming to be such Creditor or Creditors shall be entitled to receive from the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, the Agent or Agents for Prizes^ or the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or from any Person or Persons, other than the Executor or Adminif-trator of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the Amount of his or their Claim or Claims, out of such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money, as may be due to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at the time of his Decease, or as far as such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money will extend for that Purpose, on such Ascertainment and Approval of the Amount of his or their Claim or Claims, as herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, every such Person so claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Inspector an Account in Writing, signed with his, her or their Name or Names dating the Particulars of his, her or their Demand*Oath. and specirpng the Place or Placet of his, her or their Abode, verified by the Oath or Oaths, or (if such-

Person or Persons be a Quaker or Quakers) by the Affirmation or Affirmations in Writing of such Person or Persons, or One of them, taken before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, which Oath or Affirmation any such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; upon the Receipt of which said Account the feud Inspector is hereby directed, with all convenient Speed, to cause an AdvertiseintiK. Advertisement to be kferted once in Three Public Newspapers printed and published in London, and atto'

11 Three

*35

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 66.

Three times in one Public Newspaper printed and published at the nearest Place where any Public Newspaper shall be printed and published to the usual Residence (if known) of the next of Kin, or to the Place where such deceased Petty Officer or Seamen, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall appear to have been born, in case such Residence or Place shall not appear to be within the Bills of Mortality, signify-ing that a Creditor or Creditors of the deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, hath or have applied to the Treasurer of the Navy for a Certificate to obtain Payment of his, her or their Demand; and thereupon if the next of Kin, or the Executor or Executors of the Will of any such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall within Six Calendar Months from the Date of such Advertisement, petition the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy for a Certificate to enable him, her or them to obtain Letters of Administration, or Probate of the Will of any such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the said Inspector shall cause Notice in Writing to be given to such next of Kin, Executor or Executors, of the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons so claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors of the deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, and the Amount of the Debt or Debts claimed by him, her or them; and shall also in like manner cause Notice in Writing to be given to such Creditor or Creditors of the Place or Places of Abode of such next of Kin, Executor or Executors, and such next of Kin, Executor or Executors, shall be at liberty to petition for a Certificate to obtain such Administration, or to prove such Will, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Advertisement; but in case of his, her or their neglecting so to do for the Space aforesaid, that then the said Inspector, or any other Person authorized by the said Treasurer or Paymaster in Writing so to do, shall proceed to investigate the Account of such Creditor or Creditors; for which Purpose the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, is hereby empowered and directed to require from such Person or Persons having delivered such Account, to produce before him all Books, Accounts, Papers, Vouchers and other Documents relating to such Demand; and in case such Person or Persons shall produce such Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers or other Documents, or not being able so to do, shall give some satisfactory reason why the fame cannot be done, and shall otherwise satisfy the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, of the Justice of his, her or their Demand, in part or in the whole, then the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, fiiail allow the said Demand, in part or in the whole, as he shall see fit; but if such Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers or other Documents, shall not be produced, or a sufficient reason assigned to the Satisfaction of the said Inspector or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, why the fame cannot be done; or if the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, shall not be satisfied of the Justice of such Demand, then the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, shall disallow the said Demand: Provided always, that in case such Person or Persons, having delivered such Account, shall be dissatisfied with the Decision of the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him, her or them to appeal to the said Treasurer or Paymaster, who shall thereupon proceed to examine the Parties and their Witnesses upon Oath, or (such Person or Persons being a Quaker or Quakers) upon Affirmation, touching the Matter in Question (which Oath or Affirmation the said Treasurer or Paymaster are hereby severally authorized and empowered to administer), or otherwise to receive Proof thereof by the like Oath or Affirmation in Writing, taken before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation every such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, and to allow or disallow the Claim of such Creditor or Creditors, in part or in the whole, as to them respectively shall seem fit; which said Decision of the said Treasurer or Paymaster shall be final and conclusive in the Premises; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and knowingly falsely make Oath or Affirmation to any of the Matters hereinbefore directed to be verified on Oath or Affirmation, or suborn any other Person or Persons so to do, every such Person or Persons so offending shall be subject and liable to the fame Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, are by any Law or Laws now in force subject and liable to,

XX. And be it further enacted, That if within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of the said Advertisement, no Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration to the Effects of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall have been applied for by the next of Kin, Executor or Executors of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the Creditor or Creditors of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be entitled to receive the full Amount of the Debt due to him, her or them, which shall have been allowed as aforesaid, so far as the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due for the Services of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in His Majesty's Navy, will extend to satisfy the fame; and thereupon the said Inspector or his Assistant shall grant to such Creditor or Creditors, a Certificate ligned by the said Inspector or his Allistant, in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked A.) and the Deputy Paymaster shall and he is hereby required to note on every such Certificate the exact Amount of the Wages due for the Services of the deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in every Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, in which he shall have served; and on the granting of which Certificate, so much of the Wages due for the Services of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, as shall be sufficient to satisfy the Amount of the Sum admitted as aforesaid to be due to such Creditor or Creditors, shall be paid or remitted to such Creditor or Creditors in the manner herein, and by any other Law or Laws now in force, provided for the Payment and Remittance respectively of the like \Yrages to the Executors or Administrators of deceased Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines; Provided always, that if any Prize M^ney or Bounty Money shall be due to such deceased Petty

Officer

Books, Are. produced.

Provifu.

Perjury. Subornation of Perjury.

Creditors paid V no Wills proved.

ProvisiS. v

Provifn.

Executors or Administrators dying before Receipt of Wages.

Payment -by Deputy Pay-ni tiler.

C. 60. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of "Marine* or Marine, the same shall be payable to such Creditor or Creditor* only in the manner herein after directed 5 that is to say, if the Wages, Pay and other Allow* since* of Money due from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors* to the deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall not be sufficient to discharge the said Debt so allowed as aforesaid, the Depnty Paymaster of the Navy shall certify the Amount of the Wages, Dead Clothes, and other Allowances actually paid to such Creditor or Creditors, at the Foot of such Certificate, and it shall not be lawful for the said Creditor or Creditors to demand or receive from the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or any Agent or Agents of Prize, or his or their Attorney or Attornies, Depnty or Deputies, nor for the find Agents or Agent, or his or their Attorney or Attornies, Deputy or Deputies, to pay to such Creditor of Creditors, or airy other Person or Persons, for his, her or their use, or on his, her or their Account, any* Prize Money or Bounty Money which may be dtie in respect of the Services of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine; but the said Prize Money and Bounty Money shall be paid Over as in cases of unclaimed Prize Money, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital; and on the said Creditor or Creditors, or his, her or their Attorney or Attornies* producing such Certificate as herein last before men* tiooed, to the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, the said Creditor or Creditors shall be entitled to, and shall and may receive from such Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, so much of the Prize Money and Bounty Money due for the Services of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine (if so much shall be due), as shall be sufficient to discharge so much of their respective Demands as shall then remain unpaid 5 and the said Deputy Paymaster or Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, as the case may be, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, on paying to such Creditor or Creditors so much Money as shall be sufficient to satisfy the full Amount of the Debt so allowed as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as shall remain due at the time of such Payment, to retain the Certificate of the Inspector or his Assistant in that behalf, as and for a Voucher or Document of Office: Provided always, that if there shall be more than One such Creditor or Creditors, the Creditor or Creditors whose Claim shall have been first: allowed, shall be first satisfied, and afterwards the Creditor or Creditors in Succession, according to the Priority of the Allowance of their respective Claim or Claims, but so as not to deprive any such Creditor or Creditors of any Priority which he, she or they may by Law have or be entitled to by reason of any Specialty, or on any other Account, provided Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Treasurer of the Navy, or the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, as the case may require, before iiftual Payment of the Demand of any other Creditor or Creditors, or any Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whensoever the Executor or Administrator of a deceased Pttty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall die, not having in his Life-time received from the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, the Agent or Agents for Prizes, or from the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, all or any Part of the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money which shall have become due for or in respect of the Services of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in His Majesty's Navy, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inspector of Seamen's Wills for the time being, or his Assistant, to investigate thie Right of any Person or Persons making any Application to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy in that behalf, to represent according to Law the Person of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine; and being satisfied of such Right, to certify the Name and Place of Abode of such Person so applying upon the Check or Certificate formerly issued by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers, to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Party, and that he, she or they, in his Judgment k dr are the rightful Representative or Representativfes of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, and entitled to receive whatever Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowance of Money, may then remain due, or which thereafter may become due or payable in respect of such Service as above mentioned 5 and thereupon, if the Wages, Pay or other Allowances due from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Services of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commis-iioned Officer of Marines or Marine, and the said Prize Money and Bounty Money, remaining unpaid at the time of the Decease of such Executor or Administrator, shall appear to the said Inspector or his Assistant, not to amount nor likely by future Payments to amount to more than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Treasurer and Paymaster of the Navy, and also to and for such Agent or Agents for Prizes, and also for the proper Officers of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich^ to pay to such Person or Persons, or his, her or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, all such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money, so due or which may become payable as aforesaid, without requiring such Person or Persons to take out fresh Letters of Administration to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; but if the said Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money, shall amount, or shall appear to the said Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers to bfe likely to amount to more than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in either of such cases, such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, shall not be paid, except upon fresh Letters of Administration, to be obtained in the regular and accustomed manner; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Deputy Paymaster, upon receiving such Check or Certificate as hereinbefore mentioned, addressed to him, as the case may be, shall cause the whole of the Wage* due thereon to be calculated and ascertained in the usual manner, in which Calculation, Consideration shall be had to the Proctor's Charge (if any such Charge shall have been incurred), which shall be abated and deduced from the said Wages, and be immediately paid to the said Prodtor, or to Come Person authorized to receive

12 the

*37

A.D. 1815.

55 GEORGII III.

C. 60.

the same on his behalf; and the Amount due on such Check or Certificate, as the case may be, being so ascertained, and the Proctor's Charge, where there may be any, being so deducted, the net Balance or that Part of the net Balance which may be due to the Administrator, Executor, Widow, next of Kin, or Person named as Executor, shall immediately be paid to him or them, if he or they shall be present 5 and the Check or Certificate upon which the fame was so paid shall also be delivered to him or them, that it may remain in his and their Hands, and (land in place and in dead of Letters of Administration, or Probate of the Will, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, as Authority to receive whatever other Sums may be due or become due to the Estate of such Deceased.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Executor or Administrator, Widow, next of Remittance Kin, or Creditor, or Person named as Executor, shall not be present, but he and reside at a Distance, the said Bill Deputy Paymaster or Treasurer's Clerk shall make out, or cause to be made out a Remittance Bill or Bills for the net Balance, or that Part of the net Balance ascertained as aforesaid; which shall be in the following Form, or to the like Effect:

No.

Sir,

Day of

£.

To

fi

b

pAY to B. C. of on his [her or their] producing

and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of being on account of the Wages of D. E. belonging to His Majesty's Ship the if the fame be

demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy at the Pay Office of the Navy, London.

The Receiver General of the Land Tax, in the County of The Collector of the Customs at the Port of The Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Cheque at

Signed TF. G. j Commissioner of the Navy.

Attested [H. /.] Cleric to the Treasurer of the Navy.

By virtue of the Act Fifty fifth George Third, ch.

N.B. — The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Person entitled to receive

the Wages of any Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or

procuring any other to do the fame; or forging or uttering, knowing the same to be forged, any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate or Assignment, last Will, or other Power or Authority; or taking a false Oath to obtain Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or de-

manding or receiving such Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines

or Marine, under Probate of Will, or Letters of Administration, knowing the Will to be forged, or the Probate or Administration to have been obtained by means of a false Oath, is made Felony with-

out Benefit of Clergy, by the Fifty fifth of George the Third, chapter

The Officer to whom the aforegoing Bill is addressed, is directed by Act Fifty fifth George the Third,

chapter to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the Truth, by the

Oath of the Person presenting the fame 5 and being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward; but if he shall not be able to pay the Amount from not having Public Money sufficient in his Hands, he shall note the Cause of his refuting

Payment, and shall appoint another Day within One Month at farthest from that time, and shall deliver back the Bill so noted to the Person presenting it 5 and if upon Complaint to the Commissioners of the

Board of Revenue, on whose Officer such Bill shall have been drawn, it shall appear that such Officer«hath unnecessarily delayed Payment, taken any Fee, or made any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined in a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.*

And which Bill shall be signed, attested, forwarded and transmitted in the manner directed in cases of Parties How signed, &c. desiring their Wages to be remitted at the Pay of a Ship, by the aforesaid Act passed in the Thirty first Year 3* G-. of the Reign of His late Majesty; and which Remittance Bills shall be made payable to such Persone only as 5 x*.

shall be expressed as Administrators, Executors, Widows, next of Kin or Creditors in the Check or Certificate issued as before directed by the Inspector, and all the Money payable by the Treasurer of the Navy, upon such Check of Administration, Probate of Will, Administration with Will annexed, or Certificate, being made into a Remittance Bill or Bills, the Treasureris Clerk shall examine the said Check, and if it shall appear that there are no further Sums due by the said Treasurer of the Navy, but that the full Sum due by him upon such Authority has been paid and satisfied, the said Clerk shall enclose the said Check in the Letter or Cover which contains the Bill of Remittance, and forward it to the Administrators, Executors, Widows, next of Kin or Creditors, that it may be and remain (as and with respect to any Administrators or Executors) in their Hands, and Stand in the Place and Stead of the original Administration or Probate of the Will, as an Authority to receive whatever other Sums may be dtie or become due to the Estate of the Deceased.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Absence of the Commissioner of the Navy comp- in Absence of trolling the Payment of Wages at any of the Out Ports, at the time when any Remittance Bill made out under Commissioners

the Provisions of this Act, or the said Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of Hie said late of Nsvy> Senior

Officers of Dock

(a) [31 G.2. c. 10. $I4-1

55 Geo. III. Majesty,

Yards may sign Remittance _ Bills.

Duplicate.

Receiver General having no Money in Hand, to appoint future Day for Payment.

UnnecefTarily, &c. delaying Payment of Bill, See.

[Penalty.]

Bills, See. allowed on Accounts.

Renewal of Remittance Bills.

C. 60. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Majesty, or any other Act or Acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Senior Officer of His Majesty's Dock Yard at such Out Port to sign such Bill in the Room and Stead of such absent Commissioner, and whose Signature to every such Bill (nail, in that case, render the same as valid and effectual as if the same had been signed by such Commissioner 5 any thing in this or the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Duplicate of any Remittance Bill or Bills, made out in Favour of, or granted, in the manner hereinbefore directed in the different Events specified, to any Administrator, Executor, Widow, next of Kin or Creditor of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be produced and delivered to any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he is hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, and enquire into the Truth thereof by the Oath of the Person producing the fame (which Oath he is hereby authorized and directed to administer), and upon being duly (act-fied, to testify the fame on the Back of such Bill, and immediately to pay to the Person or Persons to whom such Bill shall be made payable, and who shall be entitled to receive the same, without Fee or Reward, on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum contained in such Bill, taking his, her or their Receipt for the fame on the Back thereof; which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together with the Duplicate thereof, at the Navy Office, shall be immediately assigned for Payment by Three or more Commissioners of the Navy, and shall be immediately repaid, by the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, Clerk of the Cheque, or to the Order of any of them respectively, who shall have paid such Bill; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, who shall cause such Bill to be immediately can-

celled, and from and after the cancelling thereof, the Sum so contained in such Bill shall accrue and become payable to such Executor, Administrator, Widow, next of Kin or Creditor of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, for whose Wages or Pay it was made out (or their lawful Representatives, in case they shall be dead), in the same manner as if such Bill had never been issued.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills hereinbefore directed to be made out and addressed to him as aforesaid, shall be tendered for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands Public Money sufficient to answer the fame, and shall for that reason refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day, within the Space of One Month at the furthest, from the Day of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid, and such Duplicate with the Indorsement thereon shall immediately be delivered back to the Person presenting the fame; and if upon Complaint, to be made to the respective Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Customs or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy, if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Cheque, it shall appear that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, or any Persons employed by or under any of them, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount or Deduction whatsoever, on account of the Payment of the said Bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine any such Offender under their respective Direction, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and such Fine shall be adjudged, levied and recovered, in such and the same manner to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty or Fine may be levied and recovered for any Offence against any Law by which any Custom or Excise is imposed or laid 5 and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Bill or Bills, Duplicate and Duplicates respectively, hereinbefore directed to be made out and paid as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Vouchers for the Treasurer of the Navy, for so much Money as shall have been so directed to be paid upon all or any of such Bill or Duplicate respectively, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his Accounts.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Remittance Bill, made out under the Provisions of this Act, or any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, in favour of or granted to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or to any other Person, for the whole or any part of the Wages or Pay due to any such Inferior or Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, and which shall have been transmitted to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, as respectively directed, shall be returned by such Receiver General, Collector of the Custom*) Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque respectively to the Treasurer or Commissioners of the Navy, by his or their Direction, or the Direction of the Paymaster of the Navy, for any Cause whatsoever, before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof in Great Britain, and Nine Calendar Months from the Date thereof in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Treasurer or Commissioners to cause such Bill to be immediately cancelled \ and

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 60. 139

also, on its being certified on one Part of the original Bill by the said Treasurer, Commissioners or Paymaster, that reasonable Cause had been assigned by the Party to whom such Bill may be payable, for the cancelling of the said Bill before the Expiration of Six Months from its Date in Great Britain, or Nine Months from its Date in Ireland, for the proper Officer or Officers to make out or cause to be made out another like Remittance Bill or Bills, for the Sum of Money contained in such Bill so cancelled as aforesaid; which new Remittance Bill shall be signed in Duplicate, attested, forwarded and paid, in such and the same manner as is provided by this Act and the said respective Acts, with respect to the original Bill or Bills hereby and thereby directed to be issued; and if such new Bill or Bills shall not be paid within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof in Great Britain, and Nine Months from the Date thereof in Ireland, the same shall be returned and cancelled, in Kke manner as is by the fame Acts also provided with respect to such original Bill or Bills; and the Sum or Sums of Money so contained in such new Bill or Bills shall then accrue and become payable to such Inferior or Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, for whose Wages or Pay it was so made out, or to his lawful Attorney or Attornies, or his Representatives, in case he shall be dead, or to other the Person or Persons entitled thereto, in the same manner as if such new Bill had never been issued 5 any thing in this Act or in the said recited A els to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Petty Officers, Marines or Marine, shall receive his Pay, or shall attempt to receive the same or any Part thereof, upon any fcc. forging, &c. Certificate purporting to be a Certificate of Servitude or a Certificate of Discharge, knowing the same to be Certificales* forged or counterfeited; or if any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or

Marine, or any other Person, shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the false making, forging or counterfeiting of any such Certificate, every such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be punished as in cases of wilful and corrupt Perjury. Perjury.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall sign or subscribe any Petition or Application Falfely repre-to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, falsely and wilfully representing her- feming next of self or himself to be the Widow, or the neared or one of the nearell of Kindred of any deceased Petty Officer Km, &c.

or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall have belonged to or served on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or utter or publish any such Petition or Application so signed or subscribed as aforesaid, containing such false and wilful Representation as aforesaid, in order to obtain a Certificate from the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers to procure Letters of Administration to the Effects of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or to procure Payment of any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money under Twenty Pounds, for or in respect of Services on board any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or if any Person or Persons shall demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Petty Officer or Seaman,

Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, upon or by virtue of any Certificate from the said Inspector of Seamen's Wills, knowing such Certificate to have been obtained by false Representations or Pretences, every such Person shall, on being convicted of any such Offence in due Form of Law, be transported beyond Transportation. the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, in like manner as Persons convicted of Felony are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or Forging, fcc.

procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or willingly act and assist in the false making, forging or of

counterfeiting the Signature of any Minister or Householder of any Parish, to any Certificate annexed or lub- " ers* c'

joined to or contained in any Check or Petition for a Certificate, as required, described and mentioned in this Act, to enable any Person or Persons to obtain Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration to any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine 5 or shall utter or publish as true, any such Certificate annexed or subjoined to or contained in any such Check or Petition, with any false, forged or counterfeited Signature of any such Minister, or Householder of any Parish subscribed thereto, knowing the fame Signature to be false, forged or counterfeited, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convi6led by due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony and shall be transported as a Felon for the Transportation. Term of his or her natural Life, or for the Term of Fourteen Years, or Seven Years, as the Court before which such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, shall adjudge.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall willingly or knowingly personate Personating, &c. or falsely assume, or cause or procure any other Person to personate or falsely assume the Name or Chara6ler Petty Officer*, of any Commission, Warrant or Petty Officer, or Seaman, or any Commissioned or Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or any other- Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Wages, Pay,

Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, for or in respect of Services performed, or supposed to nave been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Wife, Widow, Executor or Administrator, Relation or Creditor, of any such Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due or supposed to be due, for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed, or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or shall falsely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure Forging, &c. to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly ad or assist in the false making, forging. Letter of At-counterfeiting or altering any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate purporting to be a Certificate for, e>r» from the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers or his Assistant, Assignment, last Will, or other Power

IJttetin" forced, &c. Letter of Attorney, &c.

F; il(e O nil to obtain Probate of Will,

Receiving, <fcc. Wages, &c. by false Probate.

Knowing P10-Kite, See. to be obtained by fall'e Means.

Deah.

Who deemed Petty Otiuers, &c.

49 G. 3. c. 108. §18.

4)G. 3. c. 123. §34.

54 G. 3. c. 93.

§88.

Penalties, Ice. of former Acts and this Att lued for by Ireiturer 01 Navy.

Venal'iei.Sfc.

how applied.

K4 G.3, c. 93. $45-

Provllion* of former Act extended to

Ireland.

C. 60. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due, or supposed to be due, for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed, or supposed to hare been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged, counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate purporting to be a Certificate from the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers or his Assistant, Alignment, last Will, or other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due, or supposed to be due, for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed, or supposed to have been performed, on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged, counterfeited or altered; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or cause or procure any other Person to take a false Oath, to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administration, in order to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due, or supposed to be due, for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed, or supposed to have been performed, on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or shall demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money due, or supposed to be due, for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed, or supposed to have been performed, on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, upon or by virtue of any Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration, knowing the Will on which such Probate shall have been obtained, to be false, forged and counterfeited; or knowing the Probate of such Will or such Letters of Administration as last aforesaid, to have been obtained by means of any such false Oath as aforesaid, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; then every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy. [&* 54 G. 3. c. 93. §89.]

XXXIII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Persons who come within the Description of Petty Officers and others in His Majesty's Navy, and Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, within the Provisions of the several Acts hereinbefore recited; Be it therefore enacted, That, for the Purposes of this Act, all and every Part of the Complement of every Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's Navy, shall be and are hereby declared to be Petty or Inferior Officers, Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines, excepting such as appear by the Books of such Ships, to be Admirals or Flag Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Masters, Second Masters and Pilots, Physicians, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Chaplains, Secretaries to Flag Officers and their Clerks, Pursers, Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters and Commissioned Officers of Marines.

XXXIV. And Whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by another Act passed in the said Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Forty Jifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encourage-

ment of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War; and for other Purposes; and also by the said recited Act paued in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty; it is enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures thereby respectively infltfted

upon Persons, for Offences committed or Acts done contrary to the Provisions of the said Acts of Parliament, shall be sued for in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or in the Names of the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, as the case may require:

And Whereas it is expedient, that the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being should have Power to foe for such of the said Penalties as are by the said several Acts respectively made applicable to

the Use of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or Liable for in

their Names; Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred by aay Person or Persons for Offences committed or Acts done by him, her or them, contrary to the said Three last mentioned Acts of Parliament, or either of them, or against this Act, so far as the tasaQ relate to the Naval Service, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of which Acts are applicable to the Use of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, shall and may be sued for by the Treasurer cf His Majesty's Navy for the time being, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Pferson by his Authority; any thing in the said recited Acts or in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every such Penalties and Forfeitures so sued for by the said Treasurer, 6r by his Authority, shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the Use of the Co*w missioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

XXXVI. And Whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of Hi« 4 present Majesty, certain Provisions are made to prevent Abuses with respect to any Orders that may be 1 drawn upon the Agents to the Captors of any Prize, or the proper Officers of Greenwich Hospital, for any Share of Prize or Bounty Money, and it is expedient to extend the same to Persons resident in Ireland, and in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man f Be it enacted, That if the Person making such Order, as in the Schedule to the said Act marked (B.) is expressed, shall be resident in any Place in Ireland where no Deputy to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital resides, then the Certificate to be thereto subjoined, containing such Particulars as in the said Schedule is also expressed, shall be signed by the Minister and one of the Churchwardens; and if resident in either of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 60. 14*

Man, then by the Minister of the Parish or Place in which such Person shall reside at the time of making such Order; and that every such Order and Certificate, when so respectively made, signed and attested as aforesaid,

shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposet, as if the fame had been respectively made, signed and attested, according to the Directions of the said recited Act; any thing in the same Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Assignment, Bargain, Sale, Order or Contra& which shall Assignmsnts, &c. be made or given by any Warrant Officer, for or in respect of any Prize or other Money in the Hands of "ot u.nleft Prize Agents, or paid into Greenwich Hospital, shall be valid, unless such Assignment shall truly express the Consideration Money actually paid by the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Assignment, Bargain,

Sale, Order or Contract is made to the Person making and executing the fame, and upon every such Awgn-ment. Bargain, Sale, Order or Contra&, the Agent or Agents for Prize and the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital respectively, shall only pay to the Person or Persons claiming under or by virtue thereof so much Money as shall appear to have been advanced and paid as such Consideration Money as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures and Provisions of Penalties, respecting the Distribution of Prize Money, and the accounting for and paying over the Proceeds 54 G*3* c. 93« of Prize in the said Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, shall be extended to all Seizures under the Revenue Laws, all Grants of His Majesty, all Bounties granted by Act extended to of Parliament, and all other Monies whatever, coming to and being in the Hands of the Prize Agents of the Seizures under Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships of War for their Use and Benefit, by reason of the Service Revenue Laws, of such Officers and Crews in any of His Majesty1 s Ships or Vessels of War, or other Ships or Vessels hired forc* or in the Service of His Majesty.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Agent or other Agents not to Person licensed by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, pursuant to the Directions of the A A secondly6 hereinbefore mentioned to have been passed in the Forty ninth Year (a) of the Reign of His present Majesty, Licences °* shall, after his Licence hath expired or been revoked, be entitled to receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money, c Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money belonging to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned

Officer of Marines or Marine, by virtue of any Power of Attorney, or any Order or Orders given to, or received by him during the time in which his Licence was in force, but that such Powers of Attorney and

Orders shall be null, void and of no Effect; and any Agent or Agents who shall, after the Expiration or Revocation of his Licence, receive or demand any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money as aforesaid, unless the said Treasurer shall have renewed such Licence, shall be guilty

of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be punished as in cases of Misdemeanor, by Misdemeanor.

Fine and Imprisonment, or both, at the Discretion of the Court before which any such Person shall be convictea.

(a) [49 G.3. r.123. $37.]

XL. And Whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present 54 G.j. c. 93.

Majesty, Agents for Prize are prohibited from paying any Prize Money or Bounty Money to any Person §45*

upon any Order made within the Distance of Five Miles of the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty 1 Money shall be payable (such Prize Money or Bounty Money being in Course of Distribution at the time

of making such Order) under the Penalty therein mentioned$' Be it further enacted, That if any Agent Agents not to licensed by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, pursuant to the said secondly recited produce Orders Act passed in the Forty ninth Year (() of the Reign of His said Majesty, shall insert or cauie to be inserted forPayment of in any Order for Payment of Prize Money or Bounty Money due or payable for or in respect of the Services wred within of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine in His Majesty's Navy, six*Mlles of the Name or Names of any Captured Ship, Vessel, Fortress or Place, the Proceeds of which, or the place of Pay-Bounty Money payable in reipedf whereof, shall be then in Course of Distribution or Payment within Six nient.

Miles of the Place where such Name or Names shall be so inserted, and where such Order shall be intended to be attested under the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, or shall tender any such Order with the Name or Names of any such Captured Ship, Vessel, Fortress or Place inserted therein to any Agent for Prize, or to the Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital, for the Purpose of demanding or receiving Payment of any Prize Money or Bounty Money for in respect of such Captured Ship, Vessel, Fortress or Place, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being then in Course of Distribution or Payment within Six Miles of the Place where such Order shall have been made or drawn and attested, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, P«!»alty.

Plaint or Information, many of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection,

Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed. One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall go to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for the fame. (£) [49 G-3- $37.]

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets addressed to or sent by the said Treasurer Letters, tc. of or Paymaster of the Navy for the time being, shall be sent and received free from the Duty of Postage, m Treasurer, &c, the same manner and under the fame Restrictions (e) as the Clerk Assistant and Chief Clerk withoui Doors ^av>' free* of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland now send and receive the same. (ri Ffe #7. — 41 G. 3. c. 63. $5.]

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets addressed to and sent from the Iospector of Letter*, fee. of Seamen's Wills and Letters of Attorney for the time being, or his Assistant, upon any Business or Affairs of JnlP«&or»^or relating to the said Office of Inspector, shall be free from the Duty of Postage j and all Letters and ree'

Packets being upon any Bufinest or AJEairs relating to the said Office of Inspector of Seamen's Wills, that shall be forwarded by the said Iidbc&or or his Awftaat for the, time being, shall be under Cover, with the

142 C. 60. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Letters, Stc. under Cover.

Inspectors, Sc c. fending oilier Papers, Vc. under Covers. Penalty.

Bargains, ttc. for Seamen's Pay, Sec. void.

Captains to deliver t« discharged Seamen Certificates.

Words Pursuant to Act of Parliament, 55 Geo. III.* printed upon the fame, and the said Inspector or his Assistant shall write his Name under the fame. [&r 49 G.3. r. 108. §8.]

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector or Assistant Inspector of Seamen's Wills, or any other Person, shall fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper or Parcel, other than those relating to the Business or Affairs of the said Office of Inspector of Seamen's Wills, the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds. [See 49 G. 3.

c. 108.^9*3

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Bargains, Sales, Bills of Sale, Contrafts, Agreements and Assignment8 whatsoever, of, for or concerning any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine* for or in respect of Services on board any of His Majesty's Ships, made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, shall be and are hereby declared to be void and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being, the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich for the time being, and all and every Agent or Agents for Prizes is and are hereby authorized, directed and required to pay or cause to be paid to all such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines, as shall appear in Person at the Pay Table, or in their Absence to the lawful Attornies empowered by them, in such manner as is hereinbefore directed, or to the Executors or Administrators of such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, to their respective Attorney or Attornies, duly authorized in such manner as is hereinbefore directed, the respective Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or Allowances of Money of any kind due to them, without regard to any Bargain, Sale, Bill of Sale, Contract, Agreement or Assignment whatsoever, made or to be made, of, for or concerning any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or Allowances of Money of any kind; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be discharged for any Cause, from aiw Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Captain or Commanding Officer of such Ship or Vessel shall make or cause to be made out a Certificate, in the Manner and Form following, or to the like Effect;

No.

/J'HESE are to certify, That A* B. has served as on board of His Majesty's

Ship under my Command, from the Day of to the

Day of Dated the Day of A.

4 is Feet Inches high, is of a Complexion, and aged Years.'

Which he shall sign with his Name, and deliver, or cause to be delivered to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at the time of his being discharged; and no Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be entitled to receive his Wages, Pay or Other Allowances, for Services on board any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successora, unless at the time of paying such Wages, Pay or Allowances, he shall be identified by One or more of the Commission or Warrant Officers who belonged to the Ship or Vessel at the time or during some Part of the time for which he may so claim the Payment for such Services, or unless he shall produce a Certificate

as above described, and directed to be delivered to him as aforesaid; and no Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall be discharged from any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, into any ether Ship or Vessel in such Service, shall be entitled to receive his Wages, Pay or Allowances of any Kind, for his Service on board of the Ship to which he shall have last belonged, unless he shall enter and be mustered Three times in the Ship or Vessel into which he shall be so discharged, or shall appear upon the Books of the Ship or Vessel into which he shall next go, to be regularly discharged therefrom 5 or if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be taken by the Enemy, unless he shall voluntarily return and enter on board some Ship or Vessel, in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in a reasonable time after he shall be released frojn Prison; or if the Ship or Vessel in which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, last served, shall have been lost or destroyed, and the Crew, or any Part of the Crew, shall have been saved, unless he shall enter again in a reasonable time on board some Ship or Vessel in such Service; or if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be discharged from the Ship or Vessel to which he belonged, to any of His Majesty's Hospitals, unless he shall enter the Ship or Vessel to which he shall be discharged from such Hospital, or be discharged out of the Service, or unless in any of the above specified Events, reasonable Cause shall be shewn and allowed by the Commissioner of the Navy, comptrolling such Payment, and the Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy making the same, for not producing such Certificate, or for Non Compliance with any thing herein directed.

Orders executed

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten by Seamen not Pounds shall be due and payable by the Rules of the Navy, to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Corn-

above 10L missioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in respect of his Services in the Navy, it shall and may be lawful for such Petty Officer or- Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, to give an Order in Writing for Payment of the fame upon the Treasurer of the Navy, which Order shall be revocable, as in the

case of Powers of Attorney, and shall be payable to the Person in such Order named, or to his Order; and the fame shall be attested by the Captain or Commander, or any other of the signing Officers or a Lieutenant

+ 6 of

A.D. 1815.

55 GEORGII III.

C. 60.

*43

of the Ship on board of which such Services were performed, accompanied with a Certificate from One of the signing Omcers or Lieutenants of such Ship, certifying the Particulars of the Services of the Drawer of such Order; and the said Order and Certificate shall be laid before the said Inspector, who shall examine the fame, and if he fees no cause to suspect the Authenticity thereof, he shall (lamp and pass the fame for Payment $ but if he shall see cause to suspect the Authenticity of such Order, he shall report the same to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, and shall enter his Caveat against the fame, which shall prevent any Money from being Cave, t. had and received thereon, until the same shall be authenticated to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer or Paymaster; but if any such Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds shall be due and payable to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall have been discharged from His Majesty's Service, then and in such case, the Order for Payment thereof shall be attested in such and the like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Attestation of Letters of Attorney, made by such Persons after their Discharge from His Majesty's Service; and such last mentioned Orders shall be accompanied by the like Certificates of Service, and be subject to such and the like Examination by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers, and such Caveat against any Payment to be made under the Authority thereof, as is above directed with regard to Orders made by Persons in His Majesty's Service s Provided always, that if the I'roviso Party making such last mentioned Order shall have been discharged from His Majesty's Service, at his own Request, or for any other Cause or Reason than being unserviceable, he shall not be entitled to immediate Payment on such Order, but shall wait for the Payment of the fame, according to the Rules of the Navy, until the Ship from whence he shall have been discharged shall come in course of Payment.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Run Men not Marines or Marine, who shall be marked on the Books of any Ship Or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, V?rrece^e .j R his Heirs or Successor*, as having run therefrom, shall receive his Wages, Pxy, Prize Money or other Al- 1

Lowance of Money for such Ship or Vessel, or for any other Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's Service in which he may have served, unless such Mark shall be taken off by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Ship or Vessel having been Twelve ships Twc've or more Calendar Months in Sea Pay, shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain, where any Commissioner Months in Sea of the Navy shall be or reside, and Money shall have been issued for Payment of the Wages due upon the 1>ayt0 be Vaid-Books of such Ship or Vessel, sufficient time shall be allowed for fending to the Navy Office, preparing and examining the Books of the said Ship or Vessel, and the Wages due to the Officers or Seamen, Non Commissioned Omcers of Marines or Marines, of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel, for the time during which the said Books shall have been examining and preparing, which shall be done without Delay, shall be referred and kept in arrear, over and above the Six Months ordered to be left unpaid by the said Act made in the Thirty 31 G. c. 10. first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second; any thing therein contained to the con- $ traiy notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Months mentioned in this and preceding Acts of Parliament Months reckon-relating to the Navy shall be counted and reckoned Calendar Months, excepting only in the Computation of ctl by Calendar Pay, Wages and other Allowances, which shall be computed and cast by reckoning Twenty eight Daysto the Momh*. Month, according to the usual Practice of the Navy.cep , on*

L. And, for the Purpose of more effectually preventing Frauds and Forgeries in the Execution and attesting of Letters of Attorney, Wills, Orders or Certificates, made by or in favour of Petty Officers, Seamen,

Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines, be it enacted, That every Lieutenant on board His lieutenants to Majesty's Ships shall, upon a Page of every Muster Book of such Ship, sign his Name, for the Purpose only f, Su N*m«s in that the Inspector of Seamen's Wilis, or such Persons as shall be deputed by him, may have the Opportunity Muster Bo° s* of comparing the fame with the Name of any such Lieutenant attesting the Will, Letter of Attorney, Certificate or Order, executed by or in favour of any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine.

LI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Captain or Commander of any Ship or Transinutlnj Vessel belonging to His Majesty shall fail from any Foreign Station at a time when no Opportunity shall offer Mu(lerSt of transmitting to the Navy Board the Muster Books, Tickets and Lifts, by any Acts of Parliament directed to be made out and transmitted, then and inevefy such case such Captain or Commander shall leave such Muster Books, Tickets and Lifts, with the Naval Officer (if any such Officer shall be and reside at such Place) or if there shall be no Naval Officer at such Place, then and in that case, with some respectable Merchant or other Person, with proper Directions to forward the same to the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, by the first safe Opportunity thereafter; and that such Navql Officer, respectable Merchant, or other Person shall give a Receipt for the Muster Books, Tickets and Lifts so left, and which Receipts shall be forwarded by the Captain or Commander to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, at the time of passing his Accounts.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Captain or Commander shall be removed from any Ship or Delivering Vessel in His Majesty Service, he shall forward to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy a perfect Muster Mullers. Book, for the time between the ending of the last Two Monthly Muster Books, and the Date of his quitting the Command, and he shall deliver or cause to be delivered over to his Successor One complete Muster Book, signed by himself and the proper Officers, made up to the time of such Removal, and for which he shall receive a Receipt from his said Successor; and the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy are hereby strictly directed and required not to grant to any such Captain or Commander the general Certificate, to entitle him to his Wages or Pay for such Ship or Vessel, unless such Receipt shall be produced to them, or unless thereto required by particular Order from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or from the Commissioners

3* G. 3. c. 33.

*7-

Discharged Seamen may receive Wages at Ports where no Commis-Jioner.

Proviso for 540.3* c. 93. $88.

3«*

40.

§7*

Treasurer and Commissioners to alt as Justices.

C. 60. 55* GE, ORGII III. A.D 1813.

missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any Three or more of ft A Commissioners in cases of Necessity, and on its being made appear to their Satisfaction, that the Directions hereinbefore given in this behalf nave been complied with, as far as the nature of the Service will admit. '

LIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majestft

intituled an Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty Jirfi Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement oj Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their lVages9 4 and for enabling them more eajily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families,

and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, serving or who may have served on board any of His Majesty's Ships, Provision was made, among other things, for the Payment 1 of Wages due to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, who should be duly discharged as disabled or unserviceable: And Whereas it is expedient to give further Facility

to the Attainment of that Object, in cases not provided for in the said Act, in Ports and Places where there shall be no resident Commissioner of the Navy Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Naval Storekeeper or Naval Officer, at any of the Ports or Places within the United Kingdom, where there shall be no resident Commissioner of His Majesty's Navy, to receive from any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall have been duly discharged or disabled or unserviceable, or in any other way duly discharged, and who shall be desirous to receive Payment of any Ticket or Certificate which shall have been made out on his Account, as by the said recited Act is directed; and also to require a Certificate from the Matter of the Packet or Vessel in which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall have come Home, or from some respectable Inhabitant of such Place, to the Purport and Effect respectively as required by the said recited Act; and thereupon such Naval Storekeeper or Naval Officer, being satisfied in every respect with regard to the Identity of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, as in the said Act is mentioned, shall in such case grant an Acknowledgment or Receipt to him for such Ticket and Certificate as he shall so receive, and immediately transmit the fame, together with the Certificate of the Matter of the Packet or Vessel, or of the Inhabitant of such Place, as the case may be, with the Address of the Party, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, who, on Receipt thereof, shall direct the Day on which they shall receive the same to be indorsed thereon, and shall immediately cause such Ticket and Certificate to be examined by the Mutter Books, if received, and thereupon return such Ticket and Certificate to the said Naval Store-keeper or Naval Officer, with an Order to him subjoined thereto, or indorsed thereon, to pay to the Petty Officer, or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, therein named, the net Balance due upon such Ticket and Certificate, or upon the Ship's Books for which such Ticket or Tickets shall have been made out, in*case the Ship or Ships shall have been paid for the feme; and which Amount the said Naval Storekeeper or Naval Officer shall pay to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, only taking his Receipt thereon, duly attested, and shall charge the fame in his Account with the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners, being satisfied that such Payment hath been duly made, shall allow the fame in the Accounts of such Naval Storekeeper or Naval Officer accordingly; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, ofr be cofc ttrued to e'xtend, to repeal or alter any of the Provisions of the before mentioned Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, except so far as the fame is hereby extended to authorize the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being to sue for Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred by any Person or Persons, for Offences committed, or Acts done contrary to the said Act; and except so far as the same Act is hereby amended with regard to the Attestation of Orders made in Ireland, and in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, All derney, Sark and Man; and as to the iuflifting a Penalty on licensed Agents who shall insert the Name of any Prize, or Orders for Payment of Prize Money, payable within Six Miles of the Place where such Orders shall be drawn; and as to the Alteration of so much of the said Act as extends the Provisions thereof to Seizures under the Revenue Laws, and to Grants of Money as, therein, mentioned.

LV. And, for the more speedy and effect ual bringing to Just ice Persons who shall commit any of the Offences punishable under the Authority of this Act, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer and Commissioners of the Navy for the time being, or any One or more of them, and they and he is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered from time to time in all Places whatever, to do, perform, exercise and execute the Office and Duty'of a Justice or Justices of the Peace, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in causing any Person or Persons who shall at any time ortimes, from and after the passing of this Act, be charged with any of the Offences mentioned in this Act, to be apprehended, committed and prosecuted for the fame; and all Constables, Head-borOughs, Keepers of Gaols and Prisons, and all other Officers whatever, shall and they are hereby respectively required from time to time diligently so execute, perform and obey all such Warrant and Warrants as shall be made, directed, issued or given to them, or any of them, by any One or more of the Persons aforesaid touching any of the Matters and Things hereinbefore contained; and all and every the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, made and now in force for the Ease, Safety and Protection of Justices of the Peace in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Treasurer and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, acting in the Execution of this Act, and to all Constables and Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers, or Persons acting under the Warrant or Authority of the said Treasurer or Commissioners, or any of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein and hereby repeated and re-enacted,

as

*4$

A.D. 1815.5° GEORGII III. C. 60.

as to and for the Ease, Safety and Protection of the said Treasurer and Commissioners, and the Constables, Headboroughs or other Peace Officers or Persons acting under their or any of their Warrant or Authority.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect at the Act when to following Periods; that is to say, at all Places in the West Indies and America, at the Expiration of Six commence. Months, at all Places in the East Indies at the Expiration of Twelve Months, at all Places in the Mediterranean and in the Baltic, at the Expiration of Four Months, and at all other Places, at the Expiration of Two Months respectively next after the passing of the same.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Navy shall deliver sufficient Quantities Commallloiiert of blank Certificates of Discharge, in the Form prescribed by this Act, to all Captains and Officers in the to deliver Wank Command of any of His Majesty's Ships; and the Treasurer of the Navy shall cause to be printed an Abstract of the Provisions and Regulations contained in this and other Acts of Parliament, respecting the Payment of Abstrafb, the Royal Navy, and fend or deliver a competent Number of Copies thereof to the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy at Home and Abroad, to the Commissioners for taking Care of Tick and wounded Seamen, to the Commissioners for conducting His Majesty's Transport Service, to the Commissioners of Excise and of the Customs in England, Scotland and Ireland, to the Governors of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, and to the Governors of the Settlements within the Charter of the East India Company, to His Majesty's Consuls abroad, to the Receivers General of Land Tax throughout Great Britain, to the Registrars and Deputy Registrars of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, to the Clerks of the Cheque of His Majesty's Dock Yards, to the Governors and Agents of Royal Hospitals, to the Commanding Officers of the several Divisions of Marines; all of whom are hereby strictly directed and enjoined to hang up and affix the fame in some conspicuous Part of their several Offices, and to promulgate the same as Hung up in effectually as they can in their respective Situations; and the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Office*

High Admiral of the United Kingdom for the time being, shall cause a competent Number of the Copies of the said Abstracts to be delivered to the Captains and Commanders of all the Ships and Vessels in His Majesty's Service; and every such Captain or Commander, as soon as the Ship or Vessel under his Command shall be put into Sea Pay, shall cause One of the said printed Abstracts, together with the Articles of War, to be hung up and affixed to the moll Public Place of such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause the fame Hungupm to be constantly kept up and renewed, so that they may be at all times accessible to the Inferior Officers and Ships.

Seamen on board of such Ships or Vessels; and every such Captain or Commander shall cause such Abstracts to be audibly and distinctly read over once every Month, in the Presence of the Officers and Seamen of such Read once*Ships or Vessels, immediately after the Articles of War are read; and the reading of the Articles of War Modtlu and of the said Abstracts, and the Days when read, shall be attested by the Captain or Commander and the usual signing Officers of such Ship or Vessel, at the Foot of the Muster Books of such Ship or Vessel, before they are transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy; and the said Commissioners are hereby strictly charged and directed to inquire whether the Directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing the said Abstract and Articles of War, and for reading of the same as aforesaid, have been duly observed by the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, which Commissioners shall not grant to such Captain or Commander his general Certificate until they are fully satisfied thereof; to the End and Intent that every Seaman employed in the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom, may at One and the same time hear and know the Forfeitures and Punishments he is liable to for any Neglect or Disobedience, and likewise the Encouragements and Benefits to which he is entitled by a due and faithful Performance of his Duty; and that upon funering any Oppression or Injury in such Service, he may be better enabled to lay his Complaint before the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, who are hereby respectively charged and directed, upon any Complaint being laid, strictly to inquire into the circumstances of the fame, and to grant immediate Redress therein, if such Complaint shall be justly founded, and to take special and constant Care that this Act, and others relating to the Navy, be fully complied with and punctually carried into Execution.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

CERTIFICATE.

Navy Pay Office,

Day of 18

JJAVlNG duly examined a Claim, presented to me as Inspector of Seamen's Wills, and Letters of«Attorney, by Al Bl of stating, that he, [she, or, they] is [or, are] the Creditor [or. Creditors]

of C.D. originally of and lately a Seaman [or, Marine] of His Majesty's

Ship and who died at on the Day of

I hereby certify, That the stated Demands in Writing presented to this Office by the said A.B. as Creditor

[or. Creditors] of the said -C. Z). under the Authority of the Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of Hia

' Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Section have been duly examined agreeably*;

to the Provisions of the said A£, and that I believe the Sum of to be due and owing by the

late C.D. to the said A.B. and that the said A.B. is, [or, are] therefore entitled to receive by virtue of

this Certificate the said Sum of out of whatsoever Wages, Prize Money, Bounty Money

or other Allowances of Money, may be due to the said C. D*

Navy, and no more*

5jtJio. IIL U

deceased, for his Services in His Majesty's Signed (J*B*) Inspector.'

C. 60.' ^5f GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE (B.)

TABLE of FEES to be taken for Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and Letters of Admimftration with Will annexed, of Warrant and Petty Officers and Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and also of Common Seamen and Marines, in pursuance of this Act.

PROBATES.

Under what Sum the EffcaJ sworn. Where the Deceased was a Warrant or Petty Officer in the Navy, or a Non Commissioned Officer of Marines. \ Where the Deceased was a common Seaman or Marine*

If the Executor be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother or Sister, of the Deceased. If the Executor be moro remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him. If the Executor be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother or Sister, of the Deceased. If the Executor be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him.

L'U' 1 V. IF the Ezeeutor T sworn ia JLon-f don -1 £. 20 40 60 100 £, s, d. - T i 7' X 4 — 1 S 6 - £' m. <L - — 16 6 1 10 6 1 13 — 1 15 6 £' s. d' " — 7 — - — 11 - 14 6 - — 9 — - £ S' d» - — 16 6 - ii — - x 3 6 1 6 —

If the Executor r sworn in the! Country by j Coram iffion - ( 30 40 60 100 — >9 — -x 17 — *a 1 6 -a 8 — x ia — - 2 ia 6 a5 — - - a 17 6 - - 19 - - 176* 1 ia — - 1 1$ 6 1 - i ia — a 3 — -a j 6 -^a 8 —

ADMINISTRATIONS, and ADMINISTRATIONS with Will annexed.

1 Under what Sum the Effects sworn. Where the Deceased was a Warrant or Petty Officer in the Natnr, or a Non Commissioned Officer or Marines. Where the Deceased was a common Seaman or Marine.

If the Admini strator be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother or Sister, of the Deceased. If the Administrator be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him. If the Administrator be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother or Sister, of the Deceased. If the Administrator be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him.

AdmhdftratksoJ intestate. Admhnftrabom Will annexed. Adminiftrations intestate. A a u- AamuuitraDOos Will annexed. AdmhuftrabonJ intestate. ! Administrationa Will annexed. AdminifbationJ intestate. I A.« «A Atviiuuiuauuui WiO annexed.

If the Administrator sworn ir.< London -) £. ao 40 60 100 £. s, d. — ia 6 a 5 6 a9_ a 13 6 £. s. d. — *5 — a9 — a 14 — a 18 6 £ s. d. 1 a 16 — 366 39 — £ S' d. 1 8 -3* — 3 M — 3 16 6 £' S' d. — iz 6 — 16 — — 196 1 4 " £. s. d. — 15 — — 19 6 146 19-- £' s, d. 1 3 — a 6 6 a 17- 2 19 6 £' s. tf. 1 8 — 2 ia 6 3 4 6 3 7 —

If the Administrator sworn by)CommHBon in\ the Country - t . ao 40 60 100 — 19 6 a 17 — 3 1 6 3 8- 1 a — 3 — 6 3*6 3 13 — x 13 6 3 13 — 4 a 6 4 5 — 1 18 6 39 — 4 10 — 4 ia 6 — 19 6 176 1 12 — x 18 6 1 a — 1 11 — 1 17 — 236 1 jj 6 336 3 13 3S 6 1 il 6 3. 9^ 4 — <* 4 3 —

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 61.

*47

Schedules pert ot

Duties, &c in lieu of former Duties.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, ja respect:

Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Xwf, in respect of the like Articles.

[25th May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely

and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the increased Rates, Duties and Taxes, herein-

after mentioned, ' and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Duties spedfied from and after the Fifth Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and , n Schedules fifteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon 10 6

and in respect of the several Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, mentioned, specified P

and expressed, in the several Schedules marked (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) (E.) (F.) and (G.) to this Act annexed, the several annual Sums of Money, Rates, Duties and Taxes, as they are respectively described Mid set forth in the said respective Schedules; and that the Taid several Schedules, and all the Rules,

Regulations and Exceptions, therein specified and contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, shall be in lieu and instead, and in full Satisfaction of all Duties and Taxes, granted upon or in respect of the like Articles,

Matters and Things, in and by any Act or Ada in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Duti«s, &c. of Ad; and that all Rates, Duties and Taxes, on or in respect of the said several Articles, Matters and Act 10

tThings, or any of them, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts (n) in force in Ireland immediately before the cease*

passing of this Act, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, cease and determine, apd be no longer paid opr payable, except so far as relates to any Arrears of the said Rates, Exceptions. Taxes or Duties, due and payable before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and except in cases where any such Rates, Taxes or Duties, for the Year beginning on the said Fifth pay of January, lhafl have been actually paid before the Expiration of Ten Days after the paSing of this Act; and also except the several Duties of One Pound and of? Ten Shillings, under an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled A) A3 to grant to His Majesty certain Duties 48 G. 3. c. 4 % and Taxes in Ireland, in ref pc Ft of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants and IVtffdbitfs, Iff lieu of former Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles, payable by Coachmakers or Makers of Car* riageS, chargeable with Duty, made, built or constructed, by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages for Sale, or on Carriages sold by any Person in Ireland by Auction or on Commission, which Duties shall continue payable, and shall be paid by such Coachmakers and Persons felling such Carriage? for and in respect of any (Carriages chargeable with Duty under this Act. (a) [See 48 G.3..42.-53 G.3.V.5O.]

II. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Duties and Taxes, by this Act and the Schedules hereunto Diyies annexed granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable according to the Cur-

[Amountthereof in British Currency; and that all and every the said Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Consolidated Ad* th^ necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deduded, shall be carried to and made Fund.

Fart of tine Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Six pence in the Pound and all other Fees Application of Which shall or may be payable to the Lord High Treasureror Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord CCItain tHigh Treasure* of Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Irelandj upon issuing jor Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall be carried to i

(the said Confofid^d Fund, in Aid and in Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall pe accounted accordingly. Y; j }

i*

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates, Duties and Taxes, by this Act and the Schedules Hijtiei und«r hereunto annexed granted and made payable, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland M*n»?ement of Excise and Taxes in Irelandr and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and sued for, and recovered in the of^xTife^and same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Taxes in Ire-Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for: brjd, and levied the tailing, polleftina, levying, paying and managing of the like Rates, Duties and Taxes in and by any as former Act or Acts in fore? in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, with respect to the said Rates, Pfhes.

Djitiea or Taxes, or any of them, and with and under all such Powers and Authorities as ^re'given in-and by } an Act made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles 2 4 & 2 5 Car> jthe Second, hitkuled An Act for settling of the Excise or ne<vt) Impost upon His Majesty, fits Heirs, and

ettbrsy according tb Uje Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the forty fiktji year of

is p resent Majesty's jReij the Revenues, Matter! an<

to

and

ign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating t a Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Dutiesjjzm mffiflQrs of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or ASsrin force in elating to the Revenues under the Management of the Commn -

Ireland* relating to the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, as fully and.effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, except only so far as the same are altered or repealed by this present Act, with like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Appeah Acts or any of them, is or may be provided.

' A - U 2 IV. And

146

Paying former Ratet liable to pay Difference between new and former Rates.

Ad altered, &c.

c. 6l. 55 GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Person in Itelana shall, at any time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the pafijpg of this Act* have beeq charged with and shall have actually paid to any Officer of the Commissioners of Inland Excise or Taxes in Ireland, any Rates, Duties or Taxes, upon or in respect of Windows, Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the ©affing of this Act, for the Year beginning on the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the Orders and Directions of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in the collecting or superintending the Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to charge, and such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorized and required to charge any and every such Person or Persons so having paid such former Rates, Duties and Taxes, with the whole of the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, for the Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid, and such Charge shall be made by the said Officers on the Persons so having paid the said former Rates, Duties and Taxes, at the same time when the Charge of the Rates, Duties and Taxes on or in respect of Windows, Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, granted by this Act, shall be made on other Persons by such Officers for the Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid; and so much and such Part of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes payable under this Act for the said Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid as shall exceed the Amount which shall have been so previously actually paid by any Person or Persons for such former Rates, Duties or Taxes, shall be payable and paid by such Person, and shall be collected by the proper Officers at the same time and in such manner as the Rates, Taxes and Duties payable under this Act by any other Person or Persons for the Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid shall be payable, and so much and such Part of such Rates, Duties and Taxes payable under this Act as shall exceed the Amount so paid under any former Act or Acts for the said Year, shall be collected, levied and paid, and recovered and recoverable by, with, under and subject to all such and the like Powers and Remedies as are given for the collecting, recovering and levying any of the said Rates, Taxes or Duties under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Rates, Taxes and Duties, or any of them; and in case any Person or Persons having paid such former Rates, Duties or Taxes for such Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid, shall produce to the Officer demanding Payment of the Rates, Duties and Taxes for such Year under this Act, the Receipt for such former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and shall pay such Excess as aforesaid to such Officer, and shall deliver such former Receipt to such Officer, and shall require of such Officer a Receipt for the whole of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable for the said Year under this Act, such Officer shall give such Receipt accordingly in lieu of such former Receipt, or otherwise shall give to the Party paying such Excess a Receipt for the whole of the Duties payable for the said Year, specifying the Sum so formerly paid, and also specifying the Amount of the Excess paid in Satisfaction of such Rates, Duties and Taxes under this Act for such Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid.

Owners of Houses untenanted for Three Months to be relieved of Payment of Duty on Window* and u Hearths for that Period, $ c. [Repealed, post* c. 140. §2

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[Seepo/l. cc. 67. 140.]

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

WINDOWS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable annually for and out of every TENEMENT or DWELLING HOUSE having more than Six Windows or Lights, in respect of the Windows or Lights in every such Tenement or Dwelling House respectively.

Xn respect of 7 Windows or Lights - X 0 d. 0 In respect of 2 2 Windows or Lights 12 /.. 18 4- 0

8 - Do. I3 03 - Do.3 1S s>

9 - Do. 2 2 0 24 - Do. 14 11 6

10 - Do. 2 16 0 25 Do. 15 8 6

11 - Do. 3 12 6 26 - Do. 16 5 6

12 - Do. 496 37 - Do. 17 2 0

13 - Do. 5 6 6 28 - Do. 17 l9 0

*4 Do. 6 3 6 39 - Do. 18 16 0

- Do. 7 0 0 3° - Do. l9 12 6

16 - Do, 7 17 0 31 Do. 2096

-7 - Do. 8 M 0 32 - Do. 21 6 6

18 - Do.910 6 33 - Do. 22 3 0

19*Do. 10 7 6 34 - Do. 23 0 0

ap - Do. 11 4 6 35 - Do. 23 16 6

a* - Do. 12 1 0 3* Do.+*3 6

A.D. 181$. 5Se GEORGII III. CJSt.

SCHEDULE (A

r'J '^ £. / i. d

Inrefpe&of Windows or Lights5 IO 6 Inrefpe&of 100 to 109 Windows, 58 17 O

3» - Do*.26 7 O no to 119 Do. 63 6 6

39 - Do* »7 4 O 120 to 129 Do* - 67 16 6

'4° to 44 Do. 2817 6 I30 to 139 Do. 72 6 0

45 to 49 Do. 31 13 6 140 to 149 Do. 7 6 1 0

5° to 54 Do. 34 10 0 150 to 159 Do*. - 81 5 6

55 to 59 Do. 37 6 0 160 to 169 Do. 85 15 6

60 to 64 Do. 395 6 170 to 179 Do. 90 5 0

65 to 69 Do. 42 0 6 180 Do. or

70 to 74 Do. 44 5 0 upwards 91*6

75 to 79 Do. - 46 10 0 And for every such Dwelling House

80 to 84 Do. - 4815 0 which shall contain more than 180

85 to 89 Do. 51 0 0 Windows or Lights, for every Win-

90 to 94 Do. 53 4 6 dow or Light exceeding the Num-

95 to 99 Do* 5996 ber of 180 — *03 0

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House of Tenement for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, Ofr of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth, neat Dublin, shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties:

Any Warehouse or Workhouse being a distinct and separate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the Dwelling House nor Shop, nor occupied in part nor in the whole as a Dwelling House, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for carrying on some Manufacture or Trade, although the fame may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling House, shall be wh6lly exempted from the said Duties:

If in any House containing Eight Windows or more, any Room or Rooms shall be occupied bj any Lodger or Lodgers, not paying respectively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, so much of the Tax on such House in respect of all the Windows or Lights therein, as shall in respect of the Window* or Lights in the Part of such House so occupied, exceed One Shilling for each Wiadow or Light, shall be deduced from the whole Charge of such House:

Any Hospital, Charity School or House provided for the Reception and Relief of Poor Periods, of any Gaol) Prison or Sessions House, or any Hall, Office or Public Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Windows therein otherwise than in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwellug Rooms or Apartments in any such Public Building being occupied by any Officer of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer; and if all such Rooms or Apartments shall not contaid more than Six Windows or Lights, shall be charged with the Tax in respect of Windows, at the Rate of One Shilling for each Window or Light therein; and if all such Rooms or Apartments shall contain more than Si* Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire House; and the Officers or Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servant such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be in* habited shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Taxea as Occupiers of inhibited Houses are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the same:

Any Dwelling House or other Building in respect of any Window which shall be occupied with or used for i Loom which shall be standing at such Window, and really used in weaving:

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied as a Boarding School for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person licensed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or the Justices at Sessions, shall not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein*

SCHEDULE (B.) MALE SERVANTS.

NUMBER THEREOF. Amount of I Duty payable for [ each Servant. 1 NUMBER THEREOF. Aftnnmt of Duty payable for each Servant.

1 such Servant 2 Do. - 3 Do. - 4 Do, - 5 Do. - 6 Do. - £. /. </. 280 320 3 16 0 470 4 18 0 5 3 0 7 such Servants - 8 Do. - 9Do. - 10 Do. 11 Do. and upwards £ /. J. 5 5 0 5120 020 6 13 0 7 n 0

I RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and shall be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, in any of the following Capacities 5 that is to say, Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Mailer of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Foot-Inan, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Postillion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables, Gardener, 'Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntsman or Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really acting in any of the said Capacities shall be called or known, or whether such Male Servants shall have been or (haB be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with any one or more of the fame, and for every Servant hired with any Carriage or Horses for one Year, or any longer Period.

j EXEMPTIONS.

t Any Servant (other than such as are herein specified, and in respect of whom the Mailer is subject to Duty) yho shall be really retained or employed for the Purpose of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Catting by which the Matter or Mirfrels of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not |it any time be employed in any Capacity in respect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant:

: Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener or Porter of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital or Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, or of any Hospital or Charitable Institution:

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons under the Rank or not ns cgivi&g the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than One Servant, and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong, and any Servant of oy Officer m His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Matter and Commander, in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong:

One Servant of any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty's Navy, Army or Marines, provided such Officer shall retain no more than one such Servant only:

Any Boy apprenticed to serve for any Term not exceeding Seven Years by the Foundling Hospital, the Incorporated Society, the Hibernian Scnool for Soldier's Children, the Hibernian Marine Society, or arry Society or Charitable Institution in Ireland for the Care and Education of Children supported in the Whole or in Part by Public Money or Assessment.

SCHEDULE (C.) CLERKS AND SHOPMEN.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE PERSON retained or employed in the several Capacities after mentioned. n

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade or exercising any Profession whatr ever as a Clerk or Book Keeper or Office Keeper (except Apprentices for or with whom no higher Sum than Twenty Pounds Sterling has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward) the yearly Sum of -

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid) for the Purpose of exposing to Sale or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the yearly Sum of

200

200

1 1

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII '11U GH5f. r5*

SCHEDULE ( C.) — - continued*

RULES for charging the said Duties. f '

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall retain or employ such. Male Person Persons, and shall be paid for every Male Person who shall be retained or employed m any of the said Capa*. cities by any Person or Persons at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following.

SCHEDULE (D.)

CARRIAGES.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually on all CARRIAGES of any of the Descriptiona*

after mentioned.

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES. Amount of the Duty for esch Carriage.

For Carriages with Four Wheels: j£.

For 1 such Carriage, the Annual Sum of - - -»- - 12 TO O

2 Do. - 13. ..O O

3 Do. - 14 O O

4 Do. - 15 O O

5 Do. - - 6 Do. - 15 15 O 16 8 0

7 Do. - 17 0 Q

S Do. - - - 17.12 0. 18 3 0

9 Do. and upwards -

And for every additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Annual Sum of - 660

For Carriages with less than Four Wheels: For every such Carriage drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Male, and no more

6 to 0

And for every such Carriage drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules* And for every additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, 0 00

y w w

the further Sum of - - - -.i. i -°

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be respectively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Sociable or Caravan with Four Wheels; and for every Calaih, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Cur-, ricle. Chair or Car, with less than Four Wheels; and for any Number of such Carriages respectively; and for % every other Carriage with Four Wheels, or with less than Four Wheels respectively, used or to be used for the like Purposes by whatever Name or Names the same shall be called or known which any Person shall keep or have in his or her Possession at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January following, or which shall be hired by the Year or any longer Period; and upon all Inch Carriages ar shall be kept to be let out to hire by any Person letting out Horses to travel Post, or by the Mile, who shall charge, demand or receive a higher Rate of Payment for drawing any such Carriage travelling Post by the Mile, qr from Stage to Stage, than such Person charges for his or her own Carriage of the fame Denomma* tion travelling Post in .like manner; and which Duties shall be respectively paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Carnages, and shall be chargeable upon the Body, or if more than One, upon the Bodies of such' Carriages respectively, according to the Number thereof successively used on the fame Carriage or N^ber of Wheels, and not in respect of the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of such Carriages to which the Wheels shall be attached.

EXEMPTIONS.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaises and Coaches and other Carriages kept to be let for Hire, except such Carriages kept to be let for Hire as are subject to Duty under the foregoing Rules for charging the said Duties: % f

Carriages kept for Sale for which a Duty of One Pound or Ten Shillings shall have been paid by the gSG.j.e.4x Maker thereof, according to the Act for that Purpose.^och.

SCHE*

A.D. 181 5

152 C. 6r., 55° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (E.)

HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Dntie* payable annuallyfor all HORSES, MARES and GELDINGS, kep* by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of Drawing any Carriage charge* ' able with Duty.

NUMBER OF HORSES. Amount of Duty for each Horse, Mare or Gelding. NUMBER OF HORSES. Amount of Duty forenvh, L Horse, Mare or Gelding.

£. / d. f & /. d*

For 1 such Horse, Mare or Gelding 2 17 6 For 11 such Horses, Mares or Geldings 6.7 O

such Horses, Mareeor Geldings 4 14 6 12 Do. 67 O '

3 m Do..5 4 63 Do. 676

4 Do. - 5 10 0 14 Do. 676

5 Do. 5 11 & 15 Do. 676

6 Do... 5 16 0 16 Do. 676

{ 7 m Do..5 19 6 17 Do. 680

S Do. 5 19 6 18 Do. 690

9 m Do. 6 1 6 19 Do. 6 TO 0

10 - Do. - 67 O " 20 Do. or upwards - 6120

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties Audi be payable annually for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, which any Person shall keep or have in his or her Possession, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, or which shall be hired by the Year or any longer Period, for the Purpose of riding or for the Purpose of drawing any CaVriage whatever, chargeable with Duty, and which Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons using such Horse, Mare or Gelding, except as after mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding, under Three Years old

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding, which shall be used truly and without Fraud, for the Purpose of Husbandry only on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse or other Bead, or for the Purpose of drawing any Wag* gon, Cart or Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to Duty), or carrying Burthens in the Course of Ute Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall belongs although such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be used for riding on the Occasions and in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse, Mare or Gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load'or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare or Gelding* or for the Purpose of procaring Medical' Assistance, or for the Purpose of going to or from Market, or to or from any Place of Public Worship, or-to or from any Ele&km of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Justice, provided such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall not onanyOccasion be used for any other Purpose, fare as aforesaid:

One Horse, Mare or Gelding used only for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, not chargeable wkh any Doty under this Act by any Person occupying a: Farm, and making a Livelihood Mely thereby, or by any Person carrying on a Trade and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly; or by any Ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise: One Horse, Mare or Gelding, used by any Non Commiraoned Officer or Private in any of the Regiment# of Cavalry, or in the Artillery:

One Horse, Mare or Gelding, used by any Person enrolled or to be enrolled* and fervkig in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland, who shall have attended on Horseback One Half at the least of the Number of Days appointed for him to exerdfe or be on Duty in the Year; and who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or Permanent Serjeant of his having done so, and of Pay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days.

SCHEDULE (F.)

RACE HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Duty payable annually on RACE HORSES.

; --- a - i*

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding bona fide kept for the Purpose of Racing, or running for £ /. d. any Plate, Prize or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in Training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stable of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons. -.2 17 6

IQ

A.D. 1815.

C. 61, 62.

55° GEORGII III.

*53

[SCHEDULE (G.)

DOGS.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually on DOGS.

For every Greyhound kept by any Person, whether the feme be his or her Property or the Property of any other Person or Persons -

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, where only One such Dog is kept -

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog, where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs of whatever Description or Denomination the fame may be, except Greyhounds, whether the fane be the Property of him her or them, or of any other Person or Persons - For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by any Person, having One such Dog and no more, whether the fame be the Property of him, her or them, or the Property of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

«c#. d*

too

o ii 6

Q 14 O

080

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Dog or Whelp which shall not be actually of the Age of Six Calendar Months All Dogs kept by aay Person who shall, in respect of the several Dogs kept by such Person in each Tear, pay the fttfl Sum of Thirty six Pounds British Currency, by way of Composition for all such Dogs, before the Twenty fourth Day of June in each Year.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt.

[25th May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TT7 E Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, nave freely and

voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned % and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional and increased Duties of Excise following; that is to fey.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt ground or unground which shall have been, or shall be in the Possession Additional of any Person in Ireland, at any time on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and Duties* fifteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act; and which shall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in 48 G. 3. c. 7l. Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, an Excise Duty of Four Shillings and Four pence British 53 G. 3- c. 56. Currency, in Addition to the Duty with which such Malt shall have been so charged or chargeable under any such Act or Acts; [See jn/l. c. 139. §4. 7.]

t For and upon every Barrel of Malt, containing Four Bushels Winchester Measure, which at any time or New Duties, times from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the paffina; of this Act shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the same shall be or shall not be for Sale, the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence BritUb Currency, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, in lieu of all Duty Paid by Maker,

payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of 53 G. 3. c 54.

this Act.

II. , And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great 39 & 40G. 3.

1 Britain and Ireland, that in relped of the increased and additional Duties imposed on Malt made in Ireland) c. 67.

increased Countervailing Duties Should be charged upon Malt and upon Beer or Ale made in Great Britain 40 ?*CM 4 respectively imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said increased and additional C*3

Duties; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight Countervailing hundred and fifteen, there shall be charged on all such Malt, and on all such Beer or Ale the Countervailing Duties following, in li<fu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable upon such Malt, a eer* at aa such Ber or Ale, under os by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in JrdanA immediately before tb* tf?is Act $ that fe to Jay, ., j

For and upon every Bam£ ot Malt, containing Foot Bushels JWinebefter Meafuye, made in Great Britain Malt, j and import^i, fftrndty frwu thftice. into Ireland* the Stmt of Shilling^ and Four pence British

1 £nrrepcy s j, f

55G1O. III. X For

J54

C. 62.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

S3 0.3. c.j6.»

53 0.3. c. 56.

Si

Nevr Drawbacks en Malt, Sec.

Regulations for obtaining Drawback.

Previso.

Beer or Ale. For an^ upon evei7 Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing Thirty two Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Twelve Shillings British Currency:

Exportation. And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt, or of any Beer or Ale made

or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been fully paid and Drawback. satisfied respectively, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty hereby granted on Malt and on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland; and such Drawback shall be in lieu of all Drawbacks payable by virtue of or under any Act o&' Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, in respect of such Malt or Beer or Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Malt or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be paid to every Person who shall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Malt or any Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, the Drawbacks or Allowances following; that is to say*

For every Barrel of such Malt, containing Four Busheia Winchester Measure, the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence British Currency 5 and for every Barrel of Inch Beer or Ale the Sum of Twelve Shillings British Currency:

And all the said Drawbacks shall be paid by the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District from which such Malt or Beer or Ale shall be exported, out of any Money in his Hands, on such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the same shall be exported, as is re-47 G. 3. SeflT. a. quired by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His

c. 6. S 7* Majesty until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation,

and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandises, into and from Ireland; in case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in respect of any internal Duty of Excise paid thereon.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Drawbacks or Allowances payable under any Act or Acts in force, immediately before the passing of this Act, upon Malt or upon Beer or Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain, or elsewhere, shall continue to be paid and allowed on all Malt, and on all Beer or Ale so exported, upon which the additional or increased Duty in respect whereof the increased Drawbacks are given and allowed by this Act, shall not have been fully paid and satisfied: Provided also, that the increased Drawback? and Allowances by this Act made payable, shall not be paid or allowed on any Malt, or on any Beer or Ale so exported, unless the Persons respectively who shall export such Malt, or Beer or Ale respectively, shall make Oath that the additional or increased Duties on account of which such Drawbacks shall be required respectively, have been fully paid and satisfied; and shall also perform all such Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Restrictions as are or shall be required to be performed and observed by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the same.

V. And, in order to secure the additional Duty of Four Shillings and Four pence per Barrel on Malt imposed by this Act, be it enacted, That any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland shall and may take an Account of the just and true Quantity of all Malt, whether ground or unground, in the Possession of any Person in Ireland at any time on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and on or before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, in such manner as such Officer or Officers is or are now required by Law to take an Account of any Malt; and such Officer shall make a Return or Report in Writing to the Collector of the District in which such Person shall reside, or in which his or her Malt House or Stores shall be situated, of the just and true Quantity of all such Malt, and of the Amount of the additional Duties payable thereon under and by virtue of this Act, over and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable thereon 5 and such Return or Report shall be a Charge on every such Person respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Excise on Malt in Great Britain, granted or made payable by any Act in force in Great Britain at the time of the passing of this Act, or any Part of such Duties in Great Britain shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall be made that so much of the Duty of Excise on Malt granted by this Act, and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed as aforesaid in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine or be repealed and shall not be payable in Ireland, at any time after the time when such Duties of Excise, or any Part thereof, shall cease jot determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain; and the Duty of Excise on Malt made payable by this Act, shall be reduced accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons charged with the said additional Duty on Malt shall, within Three Calendar Months from the time they shall be charged therewith, pay to the Collector of the District all such Duty as shall be due from them respectively, for or on account of any such additional Duty, unless such Malt shall be sooner removed, in which case the said additional Duty shall be paid for all such Malt, before the same shall be removed, and before any Permit for removing or conveying the same shall be granted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall happen that any Malt for which a Permit shall have been granted at any time on or before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and

Persons ^teen> shall ^ave been ^ent out the Stock or Possession of any Person, and shall not have arrived or come obtaining Permitnto Stock or Possession of some other Person at some time before the Expiration of Ten Days after the to pay additional passing of this Act, so as to be chargeable with the said additional Duty of Four Shillings and Four pence Duty. by this Act imposed, such additional Duty of Four Shillings and Four pence shall be paid and payable by

if the

Oath.

Officer to take Account of Malt in Possession, and make Return to Col-left or.

When the Duty reduced in G. B. fame Reduction to take Place in Ireland.

Additional Duty paid within One Month after Charge made.

In cases of Removal of Malt within certain

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. €.62)6^64*

the Person who shall have obtained such Permit for the Removal of such Malt, as if such Malt had remained and been in the Possession of such Person on or after the said First Day of May.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies ari/ing from the several Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Charges of paying and collecting the fame being deduced, shall be carried to and made Part of the Confotidated Fund of Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person so having Malt in his or her Possession, who shall not witihin the time aforesaid pay the additional Duty so charged on all such Malt, or who shall remove any such Malt without having paid or cleared the said additional Duty, or in whose Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excise, there shall appear to have been any Decrease of such Malt, without having obtained from the proper Officer a Permit authorizing the Removal of such Malt so deficient, shall be liable to and shall pay Double the Amount of such additional Duty chargeable on such Malt, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied, in such Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed, for the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures m and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several A3s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided; and that all and every Act and Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excise on Malt, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the raising, levying and collecting the new and additional Duties by this Act granted on Malt, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to repeal the additional Duty on British-made Wine or Sweets granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

[25 th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of

Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences, an additional Duty of Excise is

imposed for Liquor made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise from Fruit or

Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called

Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said additional Duty Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said additional Duty shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been charged as any such additional Duty for or in respect of any such British-made Wine or Sweets to be discharged from and out of the Books and other Documents containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any such Charge, or Sum or Sums of Money.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty third Y"ear of His present Majesty, as far as relates to the granting Gratuities by the East India Company.

[25th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in ' India, and for other Purposes, after reciting therein, that it was expedient that the said Company should be c put under reasonable Limitations in respect to the granting of Gratuities, it was enacted, that, from and after the passing thereof, it should not be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said Company to charge«the Funds of the said Company with the Payment of any Gratuity to any Officer, Civil or Military, or

any other Person, exceeding the Sum of Six Hundred Pounds, unless the Grant or Resolution for that 1 Purpose should have been fandioned by the Court of Proprietors, and approved and confirmed by the

X 2 ' Board

*55

Money carried to Consolidated Fund.

Neglecting Payment of Duty, &c.

[Penalty.]

Duties, See. how levied and paid.

14 & 15 Car. 2. (I.) SeflT. 4. c. 8. 46 G. 3. c. 106. See.

Appeal.

Acts in force extended to collecting Duties, Sec.

Act altered, ftc.

Ante, c. 30.

Duty on Sweets or Made Wines repealed. Entries of Duties discharged

53 G-3- C. 155. §88.

Company not charged with Gratuity unlefr approved by Commissioners for India Affairs. Copies of Warrants, See. hid before Parliament.

' 54 O- i* c.r. 54 G. 3. COO;

PnriioM of Acts as to Half Pay to extend to Officers appointed to serve in Provisional Battalions.

Captain in Militia not to forfeit Half Pay. Same Oath as Subalterns.

Allowance to Wives and Families of Militia retained, embodied after 24th June 1814, repaid.

If sufficient Officers cannot be found for Court Martial, disembodied Militia Officers ordered to attend.

Pay and travelling Money.

43 G-3- c. 19.

Number of Days for Training lessened.

0.64, 65. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Board of Commissionm for the Affairs of India; and that Copies of all Warrants or Instruments, graining

any Salary, Pension or Gratuity, should be fubnaitted to both Houses of Parliament within One Month

after such Grant, if Parliament should be then fitting, or if not, within One Month after their then neat Meet-

ing: And Whereas the said last mentioned Efia&ment doth not fully effectuate the Intention expeeffied in

the Preamble thereto Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the pa fling of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the said Company, or for the Court of Directors of the said Company, with the San&ion of the Court of Proprietors of the said Company, to charge the Funds of the said Company with the Payment of any Gratuity to any Officer, Civil or Military, or other Person exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, unless the Grant or Resolution for that Purpose shall have been approved and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and that Copies of all Warrants or Instrumenta granting any Salary, Pension or Gratuity, shall be submitted to both Houses of Parliament, within One Month after such Grant, if Parliament should be then fitting, or if not within One Month after their then next Meeting.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain* [25th May 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable His MajeJhj 4 W to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War: And Whereas another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for enabling His Majesty to

accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and to extend the Provisions thereof to the Regiment of Mtnert of Cornwall and Devon: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to Half Pay of Officers appointed by His Majesty to serve in Provisional

Battalions of Militia under the said Acts* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the said recited Act as to Half Pay shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to Officers appointed by His Majesty under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and who shall have fenred upon extended Service under the said Acts, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as to Officers whose Services have been accepted by His Majesty under the said Acts; any thing in the said Acts or either of them to the contrary no t wi thftan ding.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay, during the time he shall serve as a Captain in the Militia, but the same shall nevertheless continue; and every such Captain shall take the like Oath as Subalterns in the Militia receiving Half Pay.

III. And whereas the Militia of some of the Counties, Ridings and Places in Great Britain, have been kept embodied after the Militia of other Counties have been disembodied; and it is therefore reasonable and expedient that the Expence incurred, in Allowances to the Wives and Families of such Militia, should be 4 re-unbursed Be it therefore enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall have been paid, by any County, Riding, Stewartry, Division, City, Town or Place, in Great Britain, or by any Parish, Township or Place therein, for or in respect of any Allowance to the Wives or Families of any Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers or Private Men, of the Militia of England or Scotland respectively, after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Fourteen, under or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the Acts in force in relation to such Allowances in England and Scotland respectively, shall, upon the Certificate of Two or more of the Justices of the Peace in England, or of any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace in Scotland, be repaid, by the respective Receivers General in England, and by the Collectors of the Cess in Scotland, to the Treasurera or Overseers of the Poor or Parish Officers respectively, or other Persons, of the Counties, Ridings, Divisioas, Cities, Towns or Places, for or in respect of which such Allowances shall have been advanced, out of any Public Monies in their Hands; and all such Payments shall be allowed in other Accounts of such Receivers General respectively.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That in every case in which a sufficient Number of Officers cannot be found within the Town where any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer of the Militia while disembodied, is to be tried by any Court Martial, or within Ten Miles thereof, it shall be lawful for the Colonel, or the Commandant or Senior Field Officer, as the case may be, to order any such Number of other Officers of the Militia of the County, Riding or Place, to which the Regiment shall belong, residing beyond such Ten Miles, as may be necessary to complete the Court Martial, to attend and affiii as Members of the Court, who shall at the time required thereupon attend and aflifl accordingly; and all such Officers shall be entitled to Pay during such Attendance, and to One Shilling and Six pence for every Mile for going to such Court Martial at the Commencement thereof and returning after the Conclusion of th'e Proceedings of the Court.

i V. And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the traisiing and exercising the Militia of Great Britain for Twenty eight Days: And Whereas k is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to order and direct the Assembly for Training and Exercise for a lefa Period than Twenty eight Days; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that the Militia shall be trained and exercised for any Period

not

not exceeding Twenty eight Days in any Year, as His Majesty shall deem most expedient; any thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia of Great Britain to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to raise and cftall'tjh a Militia Force in Scotland: And Whereas no Provision is made in the said Act for the Expence of providing convenient Places for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and

other Stores, of the Militia under the said Act Be it therefore enacted, TTiat such convenient Places and Dep6u shall be provided for the Arms, Accoutrements# Clothing and other Stores, of the Regular Militia of Scotland, in like Maimer and under such and the like Rules and Regulations, as are oontaioed, in relation td Placet and Depots for the Arms and Clothing of the Local Militia, m an Act passed in the Fifty feeond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Law relating to the Local Militia in Scotland.

VII. And Whereas certain Persons {erring in the Militia of Great Britain, as Non Ccuntnifioaed Officers and Drummers, have lately been and are now employed in raising Men for the Militia, by Beat of Drum,

under an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign; and it is reasonabk that their Families should receive the same Relief as if the corps to which they belonged were embodied; Be it therefore enacted, That where anj £uch Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, who shall be so employed on the Recruiting Service, shall have left a Family at the Head Quarters of the Regiment unable to support them-Helves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Panlh, Tything or Town&ip, where the Family of such Person shall dwell, shall, by Order of some one Justice of the Peace, pay to the Family of every such Non Comxniffiooed Officer or Drummer, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish# Tything or Towsship, such and the like Weekly Allowance as would have been payable to such Family under any Act now in force, if such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer had been embodied and called out into actual Service; such Allowance to commence and be calculated from the Fourteenth Day of April next before the passing of this Act, and to be continued during the time such Non Commissioned Officer and Drummer shall be a blent from Head Quarters upon such Recruiting Service; and if any Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer belonging to the Militia of Great Britain, who shall hereafter be employed in the Recruiting Service, shall leave a Family at the Head Quarters of the Regiment unable to support themselves, although the Militia to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer shall belong shall not be embodied, such and the like Allowance shall be payable to the family of such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, during the time he shall be absent from Head Quarters upon such Recruiting Service, as would have been payable, under any Law now in force, to such Family, if such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer had been at the time embodied and called into actual Service.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Surgeon of Militia, who shall be required by any Two Deputy Lieutenants to attend the Enrolment of any Man or Men in the Militia, for the Purpose of examining such Man or Men, at any Plaoe Specified by such Deputy Lieutenants, and not being more than Ten Miles from the Place of the Head Quarters of the Regiment where such Surgeon is bound to reside, (kali and he is hereby required to attend at tke Time and Place required, without any Fee or Reward, except an Allowance of One Shilling for each and every Mile of going to and returning from such Place of Attendance: Provided always, that in case no Surgeon of the Militia shall reside within mch Distance of Ten Miles from the Place of Enrolment, it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants to summon any other competent Surgeon, who shall upon such Summons, with Two. Days' Notice in Writing of the Time and Place at which he will be required to attend, attend accordingly, and examine into the Fitness of the Man or Men to be enrolled; and every such Surgeon shall in any such case be entitled to receive and shall have for such Attendance a Sum not lese than One Guinea nor exceeding Two Guineas, as the Deputy Lieutenants shall direct in that behalf, for each Day's Attendance upon every such Examination; and every Surgeon of Militia, or other Surgeon, shall, before he shall begin any such Examination, take the following Oath; which Oath any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorised to administer; vim.

I A.B. do swear. That I will, to the bed of my Ability, faithfully and truly report as to the Fitness for

Service of the Man or Men about to be submitted to my Examination; and that I will not receive from

any of them any Fee or Reward whatever for any such Examination.'

IX. And be it further enacted, That in any case of the Illness or Absence from any County, Riding or Stewartry in Great Britain, of the Lieutenant thereof, it shall be lawful for the Vice Lieutenant of ludh County, Riding or Stewartry, being authorized for that Purpose by the Lieutenant, to grant Commissions So Officers to forve in the Militia of inch County, Riding or Stewartry, upon any Vacancy which shall then happen# in like manner as the Lieutenant thereof; and to do all Acts, Matters and Things which might lawfully be dose by the Lieutenant, and the feme shall be good and valid in Law, as if done by the Lieutenant himself.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Ballotted Man shall be exempt from serving in the Militia of Great Britain, by veafon of being under the Height of Five Feet Four Inches, provided such Man shall be of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches; any thing in any Act or Acts (a) of Parliament relating to the Miliriiof Great Britain to the contrary notwithstanding. (a) ££*42(7.3..90. # J8 — -4*£*3*

*57

42 G. 3. c. 91.

§ 102.

Depots for Arms of Scotch Militia

52 G. 3. c. 68.

§ 114.

ji G. 3. c.ao. §3-

Families of Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers employed on Recruiting Service relieved.

Attendances of Surgeon, and Allowance for Examination.

Fee.

Psovilb.

Fee.

Oath.

Vice Lieutenant authorized by Lieutenant, may in Absence, &c. grant Commissionte, sed£t 49 Lieutenant.

Ballotted Men office Feet Two Inches liable to serve.

C. 66.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

38 G. 3. c. 89.

§89.

§ 91*

§ 9°> V^-43 G. 3* c. 69. Sch. (C.)

55 G. 3. (*) f 5/V.

47 G. 3. SeflT.a. c. 30. §1.

5^0.3. c. 107.

Allowances to cease.

Makers to receive Salt from Saltworks for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, on Bond fir i: s due Appropriation.

What Quantity of Salt delivered.

Entry.

No Salt delivered but in Presence of Officer. Entry of Quantity, fcc.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take Salt Duty-free for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for bleaching linen and Cotton 5 for repealing the Excise Duties on Glauber Salt, and on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland; and to allow a further Drawback on Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol.

[25th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salty and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereouty and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereony the whole of 1 the Duties then payable on Salt of English Manufacture (deducing Seven and a Half per Centum in consequence of the Increase in the Weight of the Salt by the Moisture of the Airl were directed to

be drawn back and allowed to actual Bleachers of Linen or Cotton, for all Salt of English Manufac-

ture, used, employed, spent and consumed in making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid in England, for the Purpose of being made use of in the Bleaching of Linen and Cotton; and the whole of the Duties then payable

on Salt of the Manufacture of 1Scotland, deducing as aforesaid, were also directed to be drawn back and ' allowed to actual Bleachers of Linen or Cotton, for all Salt of the Manufacture of Scotland, used, employed,

spent and consumed in making any such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid in Scotland; under and

subject to the Rules, Regulations and Provisions by the said Act in that behalf provided and prescribed:

And Whereas by another Act made in the Forty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, the said Duties

were repealed, and other Duties on Salt imposed, and Allowances of the said last mentioned Duties

(deducting as aforesaid) were made for all Salt used, employed, spent and consumed in making any such 1 Oxygenated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid: And Whereas by another Act made in the Fifty fifth (a) f Year of

His laid Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting Additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain, Additional Duties were imposed on Salt made in Great Britain; and by another Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, an Allowance was made of the said Additional Duties for all < Salt used, employed, spent and consumed in making such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid: And 1 by another Act made in the Fifty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, the said Allowances were

extended to Salt used, employed, spent and consumed in making any such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, for the Purpose of being made use of in the Bleaching of Linen, or Cotton Yarn or Twist: And Whereas it is

expedient to discontinue the said Allowances, and to allow all Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and

Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, to take Salt in manner herein after mentioned, for making Oxygenated ' Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or 1 Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed,

spent or consumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime, for the sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said Allowances shall cease and determine; and from and after that Day it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime in Great Britain, to receive and have delivered to him, her or them from and out of any Warehouse belonging an'd adjoining to any Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work, Salt for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed in the making ef Oxymuriate of Lime for the sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid, upon Bond or Security to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Two or more of them, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them respectively for that Purpose, being first given in Double the Duty of such Salt, and that all such Salt shall without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch be carried and removed to, and delivered at and on the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime Work or Works specified in the Condition of such Bond or Security; and also that all such Salt shall, within Six Months next ensuing the Date of such Bond, be really and truly employed, spent and consumed at the said Work or Works by such Maker or Makers in the making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed, in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime, for the sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid: Provided, that no such Maker or Makers shall obtain, receive or have any such Salt so delivered to him, her or them, in any less Quantity than Fifty Bushels, nor unless such Maker or Makers shall have first made such Entry as herein after mentioned. (a) [45 G. 3. r. 14. § I.J

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Salt shall be delivered from or out of any Warehouse belonging to or adjoining any Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work, for or under Pretext of making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, but in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, who shall make and keep an Entry m Writing, containing the true and real Weight or Quantity of the Salt so delivered, together with the Day and Hour of such Delivery, and the Name of the Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, to or for whom the same shall be so delivered, and the Place where the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime Work or Works of such Maker or Makers, at which such Salt is so intended to be used, employed, spent and consumed as aforesaid, shall be situate.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 66.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, before he, she or they shall begin to make or manufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall take out such Licence or Licences, authorizing him, her or them, to make and manufacture Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them 5 which Licences respectively shall be granted in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make any such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that Purpose; but if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, in any Part of the Kingdom of England, out of the Limits of the said Chief Office, the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts 5 and in case any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being; or if any such Licence shall be granted to authorise the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, in any Part of Scotland, out of the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collodions and Districts 5 and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or Two or more of them respectively, and the Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors are hereby respectively authorized and required to grant such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the fame, on the Person or Persons applying for the fame first paying the Sum of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings for each such Licence which shall be granted previous to the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime or either of them, until the said Tenth Day of 0Sober; and the Sum of Five Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money by this Act directed to be paid for such Licences respectively shall be paid for such respective Licences to such Persons as are herein after in that behalf respectively mentioned; that is, to such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; and such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; and such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out of any Part of Great Britain, not within the said respective Limits, shall be paid to the Collector of Excise granting such Licence.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall make any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, after the Expiration of such his, her or their Licence, unless such Person or Persons shall take out a fresh Licence for the like Purpose, in the manner hereinbefore directed, Ten Days at the lead before the Expiration of such former Licence, and so in like manner renew every such Licence from Year to Year; and if any Person or Persons shall make or manufacture, or begin to make or manufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, without taking out a Licence authorizing him, her or them so to do, or, as the case may require, renewing the same as hereinbefore in that behalf directed, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to be granted under or by virtue of this A A shall remain and continue in force until and upon the Tenth Day of October next ensuing the granting thereof, and no longer: Provided always nevertheless, that Persons in Partnership, and carrying on the Making or Manu-faAuring of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, in one House or Place only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in any one Year, for making such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them; and no one Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act shall authorize or empower any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make or manufacture Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, in any other Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place, than such Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms or other Places, whereof Entry shall have been made by such Maker or Makers at the Office of Excise, in his, her or their own Name or Names, for making such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, or one of them, at the time of granting such Licence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons shall, before he, she or they shall presume to begin to make or manufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room and other Place, and also of every Utensil or Vessel by him, her or them respectively made use of, or intended to be made use of, in or for the keeping of Salt, Vitriolic Acid or Maoganefe, or in or for the making, manufaAuring or keeping of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Residuum or Materials remaining, arising or

produced

59

Makers to take out Licence.

Regulations as to granting Licences.

Duty on Licence.

Licence Duty to whom paid.

Licences renewed yearly.

[Penalty.]

How long Licences to remain in force. Partnerships one Licence for one Manufactory. Licence to extend only to Houses, &c. for which Entry made.

Makers, to make Entry of Works, Icc.

t6o

J. i

j iki if

Pesalty.

Makers to have Words " Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid*' painted over Doors.

Penalty. Officers may enter Ware-houses, See. to take Account.

Makers to assist Officers in taking Account of SaU.

[Penalty.]

Maker to give Notice of friten* lion to mix Materials.

f Sic.

Sic.

Officer to pttepd, and Maker to proceed to weigh Materials.

Penally. Mixing without Notice, &c.

Penalty. Officer^ not to mwd, mixing but at certain times.

C. 66. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

produced from the Manufacture of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits whereof such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place respectively shall be situate; and if any Person or Persons shall begin to make or manufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Add or Oxymuriate of Lime without first making such Entry, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, and all the Materials proper to be made into Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or into Oxymuriate of Lime, together with all the Utensils and Vessels used in making or manufacturing such Oxygenated Muriatic Add or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, which shall at any time be found in any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place made use of in or for the making or keeping of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, whereof no such Entry shall be made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acfd or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall cause to be painted in large legible Characters over the outward Door, or in the Front or on tome conspicuous Part of each and every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room and other Place by him, her or them respectively made use of for the making, manufacturing or keeping of Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate or Lime, the Words " Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Add, " upon pain of forfeiting for every such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place which shall be so made use of by any such Maker or Makers without having the said Words so painted as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, eft afcy or either of them, to enter into all and every the Workhousea, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms and other Places, made use of by any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime from Salt, for the Purpose of making, storing or keeping Salt, Vitriolic Acid or Manganese, or of mating or manu-fa&nring Oxygenated Muriatic Add or Oxymuriate of Lime, or of .storing or keeping any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, and to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Muriatic Acid, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, and of all the Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains of Salt, or any other Material or Materials used or employed in the Making, Manufacture, Production or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall, wheu and so often as he, she or they shall be thereunto required by the proper Officer of Excise, with a sufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, aid and assist to the utmost of his, her or their Power such Officer or Officers in weighing and taking an Account of all the Salt in his, her or their Custody or Possession, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal thereof, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively shall, before he, she or they shall begin to mix with Salt any Vitriolic Acid, Manganese or Water, give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they mall then be. Six HoujV previous Notice in Writing, if his, her or their Premises in which such Salt shall be intended to be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, or Water, shall be situate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh; Twelve Hours1 Notice in Writing, if such Premises shall be situate in any f City, or in the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town; and Twenty four Hours* Notice in Writing if such Premises shall be situate in any other Part of Great Britain, of his, ner or their Intention so to mix with Salt such Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or Salt, Vitriolic Acid and Manganese (if unredtified Vitriolic Acid is intended to be used without Water), specifyingin such Notice the Weight of the Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water respectively, or if f the Salt, unrectified Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, as the case may require, intended to be mixed, with the Date of the Permit under which such Salt was received by him, her or them, and the time of such Receipt, together with the whole Quantity of Salt expressed in such Permit, and the particular Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work from which such Salt was received, and the particular Time and Hour at which he, she or they intends or intend so to mix with such Salt, such Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water respectively; and the proper Officer of Excise shall attend pursuant to such Notice; and such Maker or Makers shall immediately on such Officer's Attendance, or within One Hour after the time Specified in such Notice, begin to weigh, separate and part from eafch other, in the presence of such Officer, all such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water respectively, so intended to be i mixed* and shall without Delay or Interruption proceed in and continue such Weighing, uiitil all such Salt, i Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water respectively, specified in such Notice, shall be weighed; and all and every such Maker or Makers shall without Delay or Interruption, after such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Itjihganefe and Water, or Salt, Vitriolic Acid and Manganese (if unrectified Vitriolic Acid is intended to be used without Water), shall have been weighed, mix the fame respectively in the Presence of such Officer: And if any Maker or Makers of Oxygeuateci Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall begin to mix with any SaR any Vitriolic Acid, Manganese or Water, without having given such Notice as is in that behalf hereinbefore directed to be given, or having given any such Notice ana begun to weigh in the Presence of such Offic<*r'any j such Safe, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese or Water respectively, in pursuance thereof, shall neglect or reflife to pro-c^ed fe, or continue any such weighing until the same shall bp finished, or shall after such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and yinter, or Salt, Vitriolic Acid and Manganese (if unrectified Vitriolic Acid, is intended to be used without Water) shall have been weighed, neglect or refuse to mix the fame respectively, in the Presence of such Officer iu manner hereinbefore in that behalf directed, every such Maker or Makers shall, for every such ! Offence, forfeit and Jose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any time be obliged to attend the Mixture of any such Salt or other Ingredients oftener than Once in Two Days, nor at aay other time than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Six in the

t3 ' Evening \

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 66. 161

Erenine; and any Notice given for any such Mixing at any other time than between the said Hours, shall be

null and void to all Intents and Purposes: Provided also, that no Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Wlist Quantity

Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall be at Liberty to mix with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or any or of Maker

either of them, at any one time, any less Quantity than Two Bushels of Salt, nor shall any such Maker or PVltled*

Makers be at Liberty to mix or make use of any Water, unless the Vitriolic Acid used in such mixing shall be rectified.

[Proviso.]

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where at the Works of any such Maker of Oxygenated Attendance of Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, there shall at any rate be Officers of Excise in daily Attendance at Officer, such Works, and between the Hours of Five of the Clock in the Morning and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Account of Soap making or any other Excise Manufacture there carried on, then and in that case such Officers shall be obliged to attend daily once in each Day the Mixture of such Salt and other Ingredients as aforesaid, such Officer neverthelcless not being obliged to attend longer than Two Hours after the Hour at which his Attendance shall have been required in the Notice hereby directed to be given, or at any other Hour than the Hour specified in such Notice: Provided always, that if any additional Expence shall arise in consequence of such Attendance, the same shall be borne by the Parties requiring it.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers attending, and seeing any Quantity of Salt not Officer to grsnt less than Two Bushels mixed in manner authorized by this Act for the Purpose of being used, employed, spent C?r.tificates and consumed in making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton miI1D5'

Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of

Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime for the

sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid, and upon receiving or having received an authentic Permit for

such Salt, he shall give and grant to the Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid entitled to receive

the fame, a Certificate, specifying the Quantity of Salt so mixed, used and employed as aforesaid; and upon On Maker's

such Maker's producing to the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid Production of

Works shall be situateo, such Certificate, and making Oath before such Collector (whi<3i Oath such Collector

is hereby authorized and empowered to administer) that all the Salt mentioned in such Certificate has been pSctj^of Sak

duly and bonaJide used, employed, spent and consumed in making such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid as afore- Collector to en-

said, for the sole Purpose of Bleacning Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or dorfe Certificate

Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent and

consumed, as the case may be, in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime for the Purpose of such bleaching as

aforesaid, the said Collector shall thereupon by Indorsement on such Certificate certify the making of such

Oath, and shall return the said Certificate with such Indorsement to the Maker or Makers of Oxygenated

Muriatic Add or Oxymuriate of Lime, for the Purpose of discharging such Bond or Security in manner

herein after mentioned.

XIV. And, for the Purpose of preventing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid from imposing on the Officer or Officers, Salt mixed with adulterating Materials, as or for Salt by this Act authorized to be delivered from or out of any Warehouse belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work, be it further enacted, That no Certificate of any such Mixing as aforesaid shall be granted, for or in respect of any Salt In what case or Saline Substance, other than genuine merchantable Salt, otherwise called Muriate of Soda, unmixed with Certificate not any Dirt, Rubbish, or other extraneous Material or Ingredient whatsoever, such merchantable Salt being in P1"1*the usual and ordinary State of Dryness, and fit and proper for salting Provisions for the Food of Man; nor

shall any such Certificate of Mixing be granted for any more or other Salt than shall be actually mixed with

Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, in the presence of the proper Officer of Excise, and in the Proportion

of at least Forty four Pounds Weight of rectified Vitriolic Acid, Twenty Pounds Weight of Manganese and

Ten Pounds Weight of Water, to every Fifty six Pounds Weight of Salt; or of Fifty six Pounds Weight of

unrectified Vitriolic Acid, Twenty Pounds Weight of Manganese and no Water, to every Fifty fix Poundt

Weight of Salt; nor shall any such Certificate of Mixing be granted unless the Vitriolic Acid made use of in

such Mixing shall be at the least of the specific Gravity herein after mentioned; that is to say, if the Vitriolic No Certifies#

Acid so made use of shall be rectified, the same shall be of the specific Gravity compared with Water at One uniefc Vitriolic

thousand of One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or such that a Vessel capable of containing Ten Ounces Arid of certiin

of Water only shall be capable of containing not more than Eighteen Ounces and a Half of such rectified*a c r*Ttt^r

Vitriolic Acid; and if the Vitriolic Acid so made use of shall be unrectified, the same shall be at the least of a

specific Gravity compared with Water at One thousand of not less than One thousand six hundred and fifty,

or such that a Vessel capable of containing Ten Ounces of Water only shall be capable of containing not more than Sixteen Ounces and a Half of such unrectified Vitriolic Acid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Makers 90 proof Oxymuriate of Lime shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to provide and keep proper* vide Scales, tec, sufficient and just Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, she or they shall make orthanufacture

any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, and shall, at his, her or their own Expence, find; provide and affix a fit and proper Hook or Staple, in a convenient and proper Place, to be approved of by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or Distn& in which such Place shall be situate, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame at all times for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of the Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water respectively, and also the Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains of Salt, or any other Material or Materials used or employed in the Making, Manufacture or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, which shall at any time be in the Possession of such Maker or Makers respectively; and if any Negleging, &c. ftten Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to provide or to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them* to provide G*0. III. Y or Scale*, fcc.

162 C. 66.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Using, kc, false Scales, See.

[Penalty.]

Makers to provide Hydrome-t< r, kc.

Officers to use Came.

Neglecting, &c.* to keep Hydrometer, kc.

Using See. false Hydrometer, &c.

[Penalty.]

Proviso not to increase Bleachers Frequency of Mixing, nor to increase Quantity of Salt mixed; nor to subject to Licence Bleachers not felling Oxygenated Muriatic Add, or any Part of ReKife.

Increasing Weight of Salt by Addition of Water, Sec. sub-ftituting Salt of one Receipt for another, or Salt not delivered Duty-free under Act, for Salt £b delivered.,

[Penalty.]

or shall not at hie, her or their own Expence, find, provide and aflix in manner aforesaid, such fit and proper Hook or Staple, in a proper and convenient Place, to be approved as aforesaid, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame 5 or if any such Maker or Makers shall, in the Weighing of any Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese or Water, or of any such Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains as aforesaid, make use of or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust or insufficient Scales or Weights, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or shall practise any Art, Device or Contrivance by which any such Officer or Officers may he hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight of any such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Water, Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains respectively 5 then, and in every such case, such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such false, unjust or insufficient Scales and Weights respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or of Oxymuriate of Lime, shall, and he, she and they is and are hereby also required to provide and keep, at the Place or Places where he, she or they shall make or manufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, a proper, sufficient and just Hydrometer, and also a proper, sufficient and just Measure, for trying and ascertaining the specific Gravity of all his, her or their Vitriolic Acid to be mixed with Salt, Manganese or Water, for the Purpose of making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid; and also to permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame respectively, for trying and ascertaining the specific Gravity of such Vitriolic Acid as aforesaid; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to provide or to keep such Hydrometer and Measure as aforesaid, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame or either of them; or if any such Maker or Makers shall, under Pretence of trying or ascertaining the specific Gravity of any such Vitriolic Acid, or of having such specific Gravity tried or ascertained, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust or insufficient Hydrometer, Instrument or Measure, or shall practise any Art, Device or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may he hindered or prevented from trying or ascertaining the just and true specific Gravity of any such Vitriolic Acid; then and in every such case all and every such Maker or Makers so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with such false, uiyuft or insufficient Hydrometer, Instrument and Measure respectively.

XVII. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to increase the Frequency of mixing or mingling of Salt, allowed by the Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Act, to Bleachers of Linen or Cotton, or of Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, unless such Bleacher shall take out a Licence or Licences under or by virtue of this Act; or to prevent any such Bleacher not so licensed from mixing or mingling any Quantity of Salt not less than One Bushel with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, in the Proportions prescribed by this Act, such Vitriolic Acid being of the specific Gravity directed by this Act; or to subject any actual Bleacher of Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, to any such Licence, if such Bleacher shall not at any time fell, deliver or otherwise dispose of to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or any of the Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains of any Salt, or other Material or Materials by him or her used or employed in the Making, Manufacture or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or any Preparation or Mixture containing any Glauber Salt, or Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains thereof, but shall expend and make use of the whole of the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid by him or her made, in his or her own Bleaching of Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other poods manufactured of Linen or Cotton; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall, before the mixing of any Salt intended to be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, under or by virtue of this Act, clandestinely add to such Salt any Water or other Liquor, or any extraneous or adulterating Material or Materials, or Substance or Substances whatsoever, nor shall clandestinely increase the Weight of any such Salt, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, by putting, depositing, laying or keeping the fame in any wet, moist or damp Place, or by wilful or unnecessary Exposure of such Salt to a humid Atmosphere or other Moisture; and if any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall, before the mixing of any Salt intended to be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, under or by virtue of this Act, clandestinely add to such Salt any Water or other Liquor, or any extraneous or adulterating Material or Materials, or Substance or Substances whatsoever; or shall clandestinely increase the Weight of any such Salt, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, by putting, depositing, laying or keeping the fame in any wet, moist or damp Place, or by wilful or unnecessary Expolure of such Salt to a humid Atmosphere or other Moisture; or shall mix or weigh, for the Purpose of mixing with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, any Salt of one Receipt or Delivery or Permit as or for Salt of another Receipt or Delivery or Permit, or any Salt not received by or delivered to him, her or them, from or out of any Ware-house belonging or adjoining to any Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work, under or by virtue of this Act, as or for Salt received by or delivered to him, her or them, from or out of any such Warehouse under or by virtue of this Act; the Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, together with all such Salt and the Calks or other Packages containing the same.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 66.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Salt shall be brought into any Workhouse, Warehouse, Store-house. Room or other Place, made use of by any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, without an authentic Permit granted and given according to Law, which Permit shall be produced to and left with the Officer of Excise; under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, on Pain of forfeiting all such Salt so brought in without such Permit, or without such Permit being produced to and left with such Officer of Excise, and the Calks and Packages containing the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, who shall receive any Salt, shall within Six Hours next after such Salt shall be received or delivered at or into any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place, to him, her or them belonging, give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, Notice in Writing of the Receipt and Delivery thereof; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to give any such Notice, such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all Claim to any Certificate for or in respect of any mixing thereof with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or any of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or of Oxymuriate of Lime, shall from time to time and at all times, keep all Salt received by him, her or them, under or by virtue of each Permit, separate and apart from all other Salt in his, her or their Custody or Possession; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to keep such Salt and every Part thereof respectively received by him, her or them, under or by virtue of each Permit, separate and apart from all other Salt, until such Salt so received under or by virtue of such Permit shall be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, according to the Directions of this Act; or shall mix any Salt of one Receipt or Delivery with any Salt of any other Receipt or Delivery; then and in every such case the Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, to whom or for whose Use or on whose Account any Salt shall be so delivered, or in case any other Person or Persons shall use the fame, or any Part thereof, or any Acid Materials to be produced therefrom after being used in the making of such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime as aforesaid, for any other Purpose than that of making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or that of being used, employed, spent or consumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime for the Purpose of such bleaching as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, and all such Officers are hereby authorized and empowered to take at any time or times a Sample or Samples of any Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Muriatic Acid, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, Muriate of Potash, Potash, Soda, or any other Salt or Acid, or any Materials alleged or pretended to be, or passing under the Denomination of Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Muriatic Acid, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, Muriate of Potash, Potash, Soda, or any other Salt or Acid, at any time in the Custody or Possession of any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, paying for the same (if demanded) the Value thereof; and in case any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall refuse to permit any such Officer or Officers to take any such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his or their paying for the same (if demanded) such Maker or Maker* so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise, whether any Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials, which shall be seized as or for Salt, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or any other Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, be Salt, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or such other Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials, the Proof of such Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials so seized, not being Salt, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or such other Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall hide, conceal, take, remove or carry away, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be hidden, concealed, taken, removed or carried away, any Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Salt, or other Material, arising or produced in or from the making or preparing of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, for the Purpose of preventing the Discovery or Examination thereof by any Officer or Officers of Excise, the Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all the Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Salt, or other Material, arising or produced in or from the making or preparing of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, so hidden, concealed, taken, removed or carried away.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Bond or Security as aforesaid shall be cancelled and discharged, upon such Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Certificate, under the Hand of the Officer or Officers of Excise, in whose Presence the said Salt shall have been mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or Vitriolic Acid and Manganese in manner hereinbefore mentioned, testifying that all and every Part of the

Y a Salt

163

Salt brought m without Permit.

[Penalty.]

On Receipt of Salt, Notice given to Officer.

[Penalty.]

Salt of each Receipt or Delivery kept separate from all other, till mixed with Vitriolic Acid and Mat* ganefe.

[Penalty.]

Using Salt delivered to Makers for any other Purpose than making Muriatic Acid.

[Penalty.]

Officers may take Samples;

Makers refuting

Officers.

[Penalty.]

Onus probandL

Makers remor*

ing, &c. Salt,

Sec. to evade Discovery by Officer of Excise.

Penalty,

Bonds discharged, on Pro. duction of Officers Certificate of Mixing.

164

Search Warrant.

Oath.

Constables.

Obstruction, &c. Execution of Search Warrant.

f Sic.

[Penalty.]

Bribing, kc. Officers.

[Penalty.]

Obstru£tin£, &c.

Officers.

[Penalty.]

C. 66. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security had been really and truly weighed in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or Manganese and Vitriolic Acid, in manner hereinbefore mentioned; and dating the time or times of such mixing or mixings, and the Quantity of Salt so weighed and mixed at each such time, for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twill, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed in making Oxymuriate of Lime for the sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have cause to suspect that any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime is privately making in any Place or Places whatsoever, or that any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime privately made, is kept or deposited in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in such case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England, for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or in case such Place shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Sivision or Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be privately making, or if privately made, to be kept or deposited (which respective Oaths they the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them, and Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower Such Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively to be privately making, or if privately made to be kept or deposited, and to Seize and carry away as forfeited all such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, which he, she or they shall then and there find privately making, together with all Materials fit or proper for making the same respectively, which he or they shall then and there find, and all such privately made Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, which he or they shall then and there find 5 and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall let, obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers So authorized or empowered, or any other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in the Execution of any such Warrant, or of any Warrant granted by the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, fas or for any such Warrant f (a),] from entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so suspect such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime to be so making, or any such privately made Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime to be kept or deposited, or in seizing or carrying away any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Material fit or proper for making the same respectively, so Seized, or any Substance, Matter or Thing Seized as or for Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, or as or for any such Materials as aforesaid, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, Severally forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

(a) [Du. ? The Words in Brackets.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward whatsoever to any Officer or Officers of Excise, in order to corrupt, persuade or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament hereafter to be made, relating to Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime $ or to neglect to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business or Duty of such Officer or Officers, in the Execution of any such Act or Acts of Parliament; or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any of the Regulations by this or any such other Act or Acts of Parliament prescribed, or not to discover the fame; all and every the Person or Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence (whether such Offer or Proposal be accepted or not) forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, refill, oppose, mole ft, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers; or shall by Force or Violence, after such Officer shall have Seized any Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese Water, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxy-Tnuriate of Lime, or any Substance, Matter or Material, Subilances, Matters or Materials, as or for Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Substance, Matter or Thing, forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, rescue or cause to be rescued any such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese Water, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Substance, Matter or Material, Subilances, Matters or Materials, after the same shall have been Seized by any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour fa to do; or after such Seizure, or whilst any such Officer or Officers is or are attempting to seize any such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese Water, Matter or Material, shall Have, break or otherwise destroy or damage any Calk, Vessel, Bottle, Jar or other Package, wherein the same shall be contained; all and every the Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence, for which no other Penalty is particularly provided or imposed by this Act, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. CM. t6$

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a Perjury.

False Oath in any case in which an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever, being a Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Mekere not t« Add or Oxymuriate of Lime, or who is or shall be in any wise interested or concerned in the Trade or Business as Justkts. of making or dealing in Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, shall during such

time as he or they shall be (o interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of making or dealing in Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, ad as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever*'

which shall in any wise concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this Act; and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, presume to exercise any such Power or Authority, or to do any Ad hereby authorized to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Pfeace, all such Acts so executed or done by such Person or Persons shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

'XXXIL* And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall Penalties, kc. be fned foe, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fine. Penalty or how recovered, Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated dv any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of*c*

Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majestys Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XXXIII. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the Duties of Excise now payable on Glauber Salt 43 G. 3. c. 69.

made or produced ini Great Britain, and the Drawbacks by Law granted or allowed on the Exportation Sch. (A.) (C.)

thereof to Foreign Parts as Merchandize Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of £3G* 3* c June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be and the same are hereby aJ to GUuber respectively repealed 5 save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears Salt repealed, thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines,

Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, and incurred before or on the said last mentioned Day.

[See as to Epjbm Salty post. c. 162.3

XXXIV. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the Ad herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, 34 G. 3. c. 183 That, from and after the passing of this Act, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act repealed.

to impose a Countervailing Duty of Excise on Bleaching Power imported from Ireland, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed. [Sect. 6. previously repealed, ante, c. 38.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Powers of Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and 10

Liveriesy and Tenures in Capite and by Knight's Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided or established (other than and in such cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act) shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act, and for preventing, deteding and punishing Frauds and Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXXVI. And Whereas an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 50 G. 3. c. 40.

intituled, An Act for discontinuing the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitrioly and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brim ft one used in making Oil of Vitriol\

whereby Nine Tenth Parts of the Duties of Customs^ paid on the Importation into Griat' Britain of

Brimstone was allowed in respect of such Brimstone used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of

Vitriol: And Whereas an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present kb C, D*

Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain additional Duties of Customs imported into and exported from Great Britain, under which Ad Brimstone became subject to an additional Duty; but no Provision was made

in the said Act for allowing any additional Drawback in respect of any Brimstone used and consumed iri making Oil of Vitriol, upon which such additional Duties of Customs should have been paid: And

Whereas it is expedient that such Drawback should be allowed Be it therefore enacted, That a Draw- Drawback on back of Nine Tenth Parts of all such additional Duties as shall have been paid on the Importation into Great g^llone. Britain of any Foreign Brimstone, shall be allowed in respect of all such Foreign Brimstone which, lince the passing of the said last recited Act, shall have been used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol, or which shall be so hereafter used and consumed; and the Amount of such Drawback, in respect of such additional Duties, shall be ascertained, paid and allowed to the Manufacturer of such Oil of Vitriol, unde* the Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and under and subject to the like Penalties upon the Manufacturer of such Oil, for delivering arty false Account in respect of Foreign Brimstone used and consumed in his Manuftdory with an Intent to defraud His Majesty.

166 C. 67.

5.50 GEORGII III.

A.D. 18X5.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of certain Male Servants, Carriages and Horses kept to be let to Hire.

[7th June 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in < Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties and Taxes herein after mentioned, ' and most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-Wcd, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon and in respect of the several Male Servants, Carriages and Horses mentioned, described and expressed in the Schedule to this Act aanexed, which shall be kept to be let to Hire by any Person in Ireland, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January following, the several yearly Sums of Money, Rates, Duties and Schedule Part of Taxes respectively specified, mentioned and set forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule, and all the Rules and Regulations, Exceptions and Exemptions in the said Schedule specified and contained shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall at any time after the passing of this Act and before the Fifth Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteea, keep for the Purpose of letting to Hire, or shall let to Hire for any Period- of time less than One Year, between the pafiipg of this Act and the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Male Servant, Carriage or Horse, for which such Person shall be liable to Duty under this Act, such Person shall be subject and liable to and shall pay for or in respect of any Servant, Carriage or Horse which shall be so kept to be let to Hire, or shall be so let to Hire, One Half only of the Amount of the several Annual Duties in the Schedule annexed to this Act mentioned, specified and contained; any thing ii this Act, or the Schedule thereto annexed, to the contrary in any wise not with (landing.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, according to the Amount thereof, in British Currency; and that all and every the said Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deduded, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Six pence in the Pound and all other Fees which shall or may be payable, to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall be carried to the Con-Oolidated Fund in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

Lift of Servants,

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Person in Ireland shall hire, or shall use on veredlT*Persons ^re» fox210J Peri°d of time, whether annually or otherwise, any Servants, Carriages or Horses, which if using fame to ° k* or hkred for any time less than a Year would be liable to Duty under this Act, every Person so using the proper Officer, fame on Hire shall deliver to the Collector of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or to some Officer appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, a true Lift or Account in Writing, signed by or on behalf of such Person, of the Number of all such Servants, Carriages and Horses, so uled on Hire, in like manner, and within and for the like Period, and at all such times and under the like Penalties, as Returns of other Servants, Carriages and Horses liable to Duty are directed to be made under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to Duties on Servants, Carriages and Horses, immediately before the passing of this Act; and every such Lift shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons from and by whom such Servants, Carriages and Horses shall have been or shall be hired and let to Hire, and the Period of each letting to Hire of every such Servant, Carriage or Horse respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Servants, Carriages or Horses shall be let to Hire, and tho Person using such Servants, Carriages or Horses on Hire shall not make such Return as by this Act is re-

Jpired, then and in such case the Duties chargeable in respect of such Servants, Carriages and Horses respectively for One Year, shall and may be charged upon and shall be paid by the Person or Persons using such Servants, Carriages and Horses on Hire, over and above the Penalty incurred for any Neglect or O million as aforesaid, 11 nless the Person or Persons by whom such Servants, Carriages or Horses shall have been let to hire, shall have been duly charged for such Servants, Carriages and Horses respectively; and in every case where the said Duties shall be chargeable on the Person or Persons using such Servants, Carriages and Horses ou Hire, making Default of Return as aforesaid, the progressive Duties made payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to any Duty on Servants, Carriages or Horses respectively, shall be charged upon such Person or Persons using such Servants, Carriages or Horses on Hire, in respect of such Servants, Carriages or Horses so used on Hire, in like manner as if such Servants, Carriages or Horses had not been hired, and as if they were the Property of the Person using the fame on Hire respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland who shall keep any Servant or Servants, Carriage or Carriages, or Horse or Horses, for the Purpose of letting the same to hire, or shall let to hire any Servant, Carnage or Horse, shall return and deliver Lifts signed by or on behalf of such Person of the Number of such Servants, Carriages and Horses kept by such Person to be let to hire, or let to hire by such Person whenever such Person shall be thereto required by any Collector of Taxes on Fire Hearths, or by any

ia Officer

Duties specified in Schedule annexed levied.

Act.

Half the Duties paid for Period between passing of Act and Jan. 5, x8i6.

Duties in British Currency.

ConfoHdaud

Fund.

Application of certain Fees.

When Returns are not made how Duty charged.

Lifts delivered by Persons letting Servants, See. to Hire.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 67. 167

Officer appointed and authorized by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and also at such times and in like manner and for the like Periods, and under the like Penalties, as Lifts or Returns of Servants, Carriages and Horses subject to any Duty are directed to be made and delivered by the Person or Persons keeping the fame under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties on Servants, Carriages or Horses, in force immediately before the passing of this Act; and every such Lift shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons for whose Use or in whose Service such Servants, Carriages and Horses shall have been or shall be employed on Hire, and the Number of each let to hire to every such Person, and the Period of each Letting; and according to the Number of Servants, Carriages and Horses, which shall or ought to be contained in such Lift, the said Duties by this Act made payable shall be charged on the Person or Persons keeping such Servants, Carriages and Horses to be let to hire, or letting to hire such Servants, Carriages or Horses, as the case may require.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within Sixty one Days after the passing of this Act and yearly within Sixty one Days after the Fifth Day of January in each and every Year and at such other times as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland shall from time to time order, direct and appoint, the Supervisors of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or the Collectors thereof in their respective Divisions, or any other Officer appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, shall cause to be affixed such General Notices on the Doors of Churches, Chapels, Market Houses and Public School Houses, and shall give or serve, or cause to be given or served, such particular Notices within their respective Districts, to or for all Persons required to make out and deliver any Lifts or Accounts required by this Act; and to or for all Persons liable or supposed to be liable to the Duties under this Act, on Servants, Carriages and Horses, let to hire, requiring such Persons to deliver such Lifts or Accounts respectively in like manner, as in and by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriagcsy Servants, Horses and Dogs, in Ireland, is required and directed to be done by such Supervisors, Collectors or other Officers, with respect to the Duties in the said recited Act mentioned; and such Notices or any of them, shall and may be in such Form and Forms as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes may from time to time order, direct or appoint, and shall and may be made Part of or separate from the Notices required by the said recited Act, as the said Commissioners shall direct; and all Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said recited Act mentioned, expressed and contained, with respect to the Notices in the said Act mentioned, shall be applied with respect to the Notices as to the Duties under this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures were expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland letting to Hire any Servants, Carriages or Horses, shall from time to time enter in a Book an Account of all such Servants, Carriages aild Horses, and the Number thereof, and the Periods of each Letting, and also the Names of such Servants and the Descriptions of such Carriages, all which Books shall at all reasonable times in the Day time, be open to the Inspection of the Collector of the Tax on Fire Hearths, or of any Officer appointed to superintend the Collection of the said Tax in the District where the Person required to keep such Account shall reside and carry on his Business; and every Person hereby required to enter and keep such Account respectively, shall within Twenty Days after the Tenth Day of OBobery the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July, in each and every Year, deliver a true Copy in Writing, of all and every Entry made in such Book or Books respectively within the preceding Quarter of the Year ending on every such Quarter Day respectively, containing the several Matters and Things before directed, to the Collector of Excise of the District where such Person required to keep such Account shall reside; and when required so to do by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by the Collector of Excise in such District, every such Person, or his or her Chief Servant or Manager, shall make Oath or (being a Quaker) an Affirmation of the Truth of such Account, according to the bell of his Knowledge and Belief; and every such Copy of the Account to be delivered by such Person shall, to the bell of his or her Knowledge or Belief, express the Christian and Surname of every Person required to be entered in such Account, and the Place or Places of his, her or their usual Residence; and if any such Person shall neglect to keep such Account or to deliver such Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland shall cause to be prepared and issued to every Person applying for the fame, and leaving his or her Name and Place of Abode in Writing at the Excise Office in Dublin, or with any Collector of Excise for the District where the Person making such Application shall reside, proper Forms for entering the Accounts hereinbefore required to be made of Servants, Carriages and Horses let to Hire as aforesaid; and in default of such Application the Party shall be obliged to provide proper Forms for the said Purpose, and shall cause all such Entries to be duly made therein as are before directed by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted and made payable, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and filed for and recovered in the same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Way's and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures; and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be recovered, levied and applied in such manner as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and managing of any Rates, Duties and Taxes payable in Ireland upon or in respect of Male Servants, Carriages or Horses, in or by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and

Ta*4

Notice given for delivering in Lilts.

49 G. 3. c. 75.

§a — 5.

Proviso for Notices.

Accounts of Letting of Servants, &c. kept for Inspection, and Copy of which delivered Quarterly to Collector of Excise.

Oath,

Neglecting to keep Account. Penalty.

Forms for keeping Accounts delivered to Persons applying for fame.

Duties how levied.

47 O. 3. StC x.

c. ax.

49 0*3* «*75*

*c.

14 & 15 Car. a. (I.) Sess. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. zo6.

fee.

Appeal

*3 G. 3. c. 78. I , f*

C. 67, 68. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs and Carriages; or in and by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better C oile Sion of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses and Dogs in Irelana; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, with respect to such Duties, and with the like Powers and Authorities as are given in and by an Act made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Com nufftoners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all such Rules and Directions, Penalties and Foneitures were repeated and expressly enacted in this Act, except only so for as the same are altered or repealed by this present Act, or by any other Act or Acts, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, is or may be provided. n

ante, c. 61. post. c. 140.3

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually on Servants, Carriages and Horses let to Hire in Ireland.

For every Coachman, Groom, Postillion or Helper, kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire, for any Period of time less than One Year, the annual Sum of For every Carriage with Four Wheels kept by any Coachmaker, or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, for the Purpose of being let to Hire, for any Period of time less than One Year, without a Horse or Horses to be used therewith, the annual Sum of

For every Carriage with Four Wheels kept by any Postmaster, Innkeeper or other Person duly licensed to let Post Horses, for the Purpose of being let to Hire for any Period of time less than One Year, with a Horse or Horses to be used therewith, the annual Sum of

For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels kept by any Person whatever for the Purpose of being let to Hire with or without a Horse or Horses. for any Period of time less than a Year,

- if drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more, the annual Sum of -

.. if drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty and let to Hire, for any Period of time less than One Year, the annual Sum of -

A s. d» 2 10 O

12 O O

IO IO O

6 10 o900

2 17 4

RULES for charging the said DUTIES.

The said annual Duties shall be paid by any Person who shall employ, or shall keep or have in his or her Possession, any such Male Servant, or any Carriage or Horse for the Purpose of letting to Hire such Servant, Carriage or Horse respectively, or who shall let to Hire such Servant, Carriage or Horse respectively, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January following.

EXEMPTIONS.

All Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaises and Coaches and other Carriages kept lor Hire, by any Person letting out Horses to travel Post, or by the Mile, for the drawing of which no higher. Rate ot Payment shall be demanded or received than is charged for other Carriages of the fame Denomination travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, and all Horses, Mares and Geldings, used in the drawing such Carriages only.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the fame relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway; and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the Hopping up of unnecessary Roads.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefect

Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now r being for the Amendment and Preservation.of the Public Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called England 5 and for other Purposes, it was, amongst other things, enacted, That when it should appear, upon

Jthe View of any Two or jnpre of the Justices of the Peace in the said Act mentioned, that any Public Fjigh-

15 4 way

55° GEORGII III.

C. 68.

169

way not in the Situation thereinbefore described, or Public Bridleway, or Footway, might be diverted so as to make the fame nearer or more commodious to the Public, and the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds through which such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, was proposed to be made, should consent thereto, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, it should and might be lawful, by Order of such Justices at some Special Sessions, to divert and turn and flop up such Footway, and to divert, turn and flop up, and inclose, sell and dispose of such old Highway or Bridleway, and to purchase the Ground and Soil for such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, by such ways and means, and subject to such Exceptions and Conditions, in all respects, as in the said recited Act mentioned, with regard to Highways to be widened or diverted; and where any such Highway, Bridleway or Footway, herein last before described, should be so ordered to be flopped up or inclosed, and such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, set out and appropriated in lieu thereof as aforesaid, it should and might be lawful for any Person or Persons injured or aggrieved by any such Order or Proceeding, or by the Inclosure of any Road or Highway, by virtue of any Inquisition taken upon any Writ of Ad quod damnum, to make his or their Complaint thereof, by Appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next Quarter Sessions which should be holden within the Limit where the fame should lie, after such Order made or Proceeding had as aforesaid, upon giving Ten Days' Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Surveyor and Party interested in such Inclosure, if there should be sufficient time for that Purpose, if not, such Appeal might be made, upon the like Notice, to the next subsequent Quarter Sessions of the Peace; which Courts of Quarter Sessions were thereby respectively authorized and empowered to hear and finally determine such Appeal; and if no such Appeal be made, or, being made, such Order and Proceedings should be confirmed by the said Court, the said Inclosures might be made, and the said Ways Hopped, and the Proceedings thereupon should be binding and conclusive to all Persons whomsoever; and the new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so to be appropriated and set out, should be and for ever after continue a Public Highway, Bridleway or Footway, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; but that no Inclosures of such Highway, Bridleway or Stoppage of such Footway, should be made, until such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway should be completed and put into good Condition and Repair, and so certified by Two Justices of the Peace upon view thereof; which Certificate it was thereby enabled, should be returned to the Clerk of the Peace, and inrolled amongst the Records of the said Court of Quarter Sessions 5 but from and after such Certificate, such old Highways, Bridleway or Footwray should and might be flopped up, and the Soil of such old Highways or Bridleways fold, in the manner and subject to the Reservations and Re-flri&ions in the said recited Act mentioned, with respect to the Highways to be enlarged or diverted by virtue thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that more public Notice should be given of any Order made or Proceeding had for diverting, turning, flopping and enclosing any Highway, Bridleway or Footway; and also that a greater Facility of Appeal to the Quarter Sessions against such Order or Proceeding should be given to any Person or Persons who may think themselves aggrieved thereby; and it is also expedient that His Majesty's Justices of the Peace should have Power under certain Regulations, to flop up unnecessary Highways, Bridleways and Footways; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, as hereinbefore recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when it shall appear, upon the View of any Two or more of the said Justices of the Peace, that any Public Highway, or Public Bridleway or Footway, may be diverted, so as to make the fame nearer or more commodious to the Public, and the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds through which such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so proposed to be made, shall consent thereto, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, it shall and may be lawful, by Order of such Justices at some Special Sessions to divert and turn and to flop up such Footway, and to divert, turn, flop up and inclose, sell and dispose of, such old Highway or Bridleway, and to purchase the Ground and Soil for such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, by such ways and means, and subject to such Exceptions and Conditions, in all respects, as in the said recited Act mentioned with regard to Highways to be widened or diverted; and also when it shall appear, upon the View of any Two or more of the said Justices of the Peace, that any Public Highway, Bridleway or Footway is unnecessary, it shall and may be lawful, by Order of such Justices, or any Two of them, to flop up, and to sell and dispose of such unnecessary Highway, Bridleway or Footway, by such ways and means, and subject to such Exceptions and Conditions in all respects as in the said recited Act is mentioned, in regard to Highways to be widened and diverted; except that the Money to arise from such Sale, where, by the said Act, it would be applicable to the Purchase of the Ground and Soil of the new Highways or Bridleways therein mentioned, shall be paid to the Surveyor or Surveyors, and be applied towards the general Repairs of the Highways and Bridleways of the Parish, Township or Place, within which the said Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so flopped up, shall be situate: Provided, that in the several cases before mentioned, a Notice, in the Form or to the Effect of Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, shall be affixed in legible Characters at the Place and by the Side of the said Highway, Bridleway or Footway from whence the fame is directed to be turned, diverted or flopped up, and also inserted in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers published or generally circulated in the County where the Parish, Township or Place, in which the Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so ordered to be diverted and turned, or flopped up, as the case may be, shall lie, (or, in case no such Newspaper shall be so published or circulated in such County, then in any Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated in the nearest adjoining County) for Three successive Weeks after the making of such Order; and a like Notice shall be affixed to the Door of the Church or Chapel of every Parish or Township in which such 55 Geo. III. Z Highway,

In part repealed.

Trustees by Order at Special Sessions may divert and turn certain Highways, Bridleways and Footways.

13 G. 3. c.

§ 16.

78.

Justices may order flopping up of unnecel-fary Highways, &c.

Notice inserted in Newspapers of County in which Highways, &c. lie.

Order returned to Clerk of Peace, confirmed and unrolled at Quarter Sessions.

Appeal.

Notice.

If no Appeal made, or if Or* der confirmed, old Way* flopped, Proceedings coadufive; new Highways after, wards to continue Public Highways, &c.

1$ O.3. c.f8.

117.

Act not to annul previous Order or Pro* esading.

54 G. 3. c. 109. 14.

34 G. 3. c. 84. Michaelmas Special Sessions.

C. 68. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so ordered to be diverted, turned or flopped up, or any Part thereof, shall lie, on Three successive Sundays subsequent to the making of such Order; and the said several Notices having, been so published, the said Order shall at the Quarter Selnons which shall be holden within the Limit where the-Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so diverted and turned or {lopped up, shall lie, next after the Expiration of Four Weeks from the First Day on which such Notices shall have been published as aforesaid, be returned to the Clerk of the Peace in open Court, and lodged with him; and the said Order shall at such Quarter Sessions be confirmed, and by the Clerk of the Peace inrolled amongst the Records of the said Court of Quarter Sessions.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Highway, Bridleway or Footway, shall be so ordered to be Hopped up or inclosed, and such new Highway, Brufleway or Footway, set out and appropriated in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or where any unnecessary Highway, Bridleway or Footway, shall be so ordered to be Hopped up as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons injured or aggrieved by any such Order or Proceeding, or by the Inclosure of any Road or Highway, by virtue of any Inquisition taken upon any Writ of Ad quod damnum, to make his or their Complaint thereof, by Appeal to the Justices of the Pea$e at the said Quarter Sessions, upon giving Ten Days* Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Surveyor 0? the Highways of the Parish, Towuftup or Place wherein such Highway, Bridleway or Footway shall bq situated; and also affixing such Notice to the Door of the Church or Chapel of such Parish, Township or Place; and the said Court of Quarter Sessions is hereby authorized and empowered to hear and finally determine such Appeal.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if no such Appeal be made, or, being made, such Order and Proceedings shall be confirmed by the said Court, the said Inclosures may be made, and the said Ways Hopped; and the Proceedings thereupon shall be binding and conclusive to all Persons whomsoever; and the new Highways, Bridleways and Footways, so to be appropriated and set out, shall be and for ever after continue a Public Highway, Bridleway or Footway, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; but no Inclosures of such old Highways, Bridleways or Footways (except in the case of flopping up of such useless Highways, Bridleways or Footways, as hereinbefore is mentioned} shall be made, untu such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, shall be completed and put into good Condition and Repair, and so certified by Two Justices of the Peace upon view thereof; which Certificate shall be returned to the Clerk of the Peace, and by him inrolled amongst the Records of the Court of Quarter Sessions, next after such Order as aforesaid shall have been confirmed or enrolled pursuant to the Directions hereinbefore contained; but from and after the Inrolment of such Order and Certificate, such old Highway, Bridleway or Footway, shall be flopped up, and the Soil of such old Highway or Bridleway fold, in the manner, and subject to the Reservations and Reflri&ions in the said recited Act mentioned, with respect to Highways to be diverted by virtue of the said recited Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not, and shall not be conllrued to annul, or in any way affect or impeach any Order or Proceeding for the diverting or flopping up any Highway, Bridleway or Footway, made or haa previous to the Day of passing of this Act, but such Order and Proceedings may be proceeded in and completed in the same manner, and shall be valid and binding on all Persons whatsoever, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, it is, among other things, enacted, that Two or more Justices of the Peace, at their Special Semons to be holden in the Week next after Michaelmas yearly,

shall fix such Rates, as they shall adjudge reasonable, as a Composition in lieu of Teams, Carts, Horses, Oxen or Labour: And Whereas certain other Matters relative to the Highways are directed to be done by Justices r 4 of the Peace, at their Special Sessions to be holden in the Week next after the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions:

And Whereas the Time for holding the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions has been altered by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Time of holding the Michaelmas;

Quarter Sessions; > Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled in their Special Sessions in the Week after Michaelmas, to do and perform evcjy Ad which they might, heretofore legally have done in the Special Sessions directed to be holden in the Week after the said Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF NOTICE.

NOTICE is hereby given, That on the Day of lad, an Order was signed,

by «/ JV. and T. H. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of for the Order he for turning, diverting and flopping up, &c. here so fate it, and deferihe the Road ordered to be turned, diverted and flopped up; — if the Order be for flopping up a useless Road, here so fate it, and deferihe the Rohd ordered to he flopped up; ] and that the said Order will be lodged with the Clefk of the* Peace for the said County, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden at in and for the said County, on the Day of next, and1 also that the said

Order will at the find Quarter Sessions be confirmed and inrolled, unless upon an Appeal against the same to, be then made* if be otherwise determined;

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 69. 171

CAP. LXLX.

An Act to regulate Madhouses in Scotland.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the proper Reception and the due Care«W and Confinement of furious and fatuous Persons and Lunatics, in that Part of the United Kingdom«called Scotland May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing sheriff to grtnt of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute and Substitute, of every Licences. County and Stewartry in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and they are hereby empowered to grant Licences, in the manner directed by this Act, for the Reception and the Care and Confinement of furious and fatuous Persons and Lunatics, within their respective Counties and Stewartries.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the Madhouse not passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to keep a House for the Reception and kept without the Care or Confinement of furious and fatuous Persons and Lunatics, within any Part of Scotland, or to L8cence-detain any such Persons therein, without a Licence for that Purpose, granted and received in the manner

directed by this Act; in which shall be specified the Name, Description and Age, of every such furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic; and if any Person or Persons shall keep a House for the Reception and Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, without such Licence, or shall, upon any Pretence whatever, conceal, harbour, entertain or confine, in any House or Place kept for the Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, in any Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, any furious or fatuous Person or Persons, or Lunatic or Lunatics, or any Person or Persons as such, without having a Licence as required by this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, Peiulty. and the Expences attending the Recovery of the same.

III. And be it enacted, That every such Licence shall be made out by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of Limish i iurn the County or Stewartry wherein the fame is granted, and the same shall be renewed every Year; and for the ed Yetrly.

Firil and every Annual Licence there shall be paid at the Rate of Two Guineas for every furious or fatuous Rite.

Person or Luuatic specified therein; and all Monies received by any Sheriff or Stewart Clerk for such Licences

shall be paid by him, after deducting the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, as his Fee for making out such Licence, and form Part of the Rogue Money in such County or Stewartry; from which Fund all the Application of Expences required to be disbursed in the Execution of this Act shall be paid and defrayed, upon the Order Monies, of the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the County or Stewartry; and if any Sheriff or Stewart Clerk shall Sheriff, fee. neglect or delay so to pay to the Collector of the Rogue Money all Monies received by him for such Licence, neglecting'ta subject to such Deduction, for the Space of Ten Days after the same shall have been received by him, every P*y Moni«. such Sheriff or Stewart Clerk shall, for every such Neglect or Delay, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds* and Penalty, the Expence of recovering the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, and thereafter lafpe^on annually, the Royal College of Physicians in Edinburgh shall elect Four of their ordinary Resident Fellows as electeA Inspectors of Madhouses; and that the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons in Glasgow shall in like manner within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, and thereafter annually, elect Four of their ordinary Resident Members as Inspectors of Madhouses.

V. And be it enacted, That within Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act the Sheriff Depute Wixhm whit or Substitute of Edinburgh or Mid Lothian shall employ any of the said Four Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh to inspect every House which shall be then kept for the Reception, Care and Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics within the City of Edinburgh or County of Mid Lothian,

and the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of Lanarkshire shall employ any of the said Four Members of the said Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow to inspect every such House in Lanarkshire; and the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitutes in every other County or Stewartry in Scotland, where any House shall be kept for the Reception, Care and Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, shall employ for the said Inspection, Physicians qualified to make such Inspection, unless where local or other circumstances shall render it inexpedient to employ such Physicians, in which case they shall employ either Members of the Royal College of Physicians of London, or of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh, or of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, or Medical Men having a Diploma from the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh or from the Royal College of Surgeons of London, or from the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons in GlaJgoiv> or who have acquired a Right to practise from having served in the Army or Navy.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Sub- Other Medical stitute (where, from their Distance from the Place of Inspection or other circumstances. Medical Persons of Person* em-the above Description cannot be easily procured! to employ any Medical Person or Persons of Character to pl°y«d* make such or any Inspection herein after, directea by this Act; and to pay to every Medical Person employed by them in the Execution of this Act such Sum of Money or reasonable Allowance for his Attendance and Trouble, as to such Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute shall seem adequate; subject to the Controul and Di-Tedbon of the Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute or Substitutes shall order and direct every Sherifi, fcc. t« Matter and Thing to be done which may be necessary, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether any Person or Persons confined in such Houses ought to be confined therein, as a furious or a fatuous Person or Persons or properly ^.'m-

Z 2 Lunatic fined!

'*\l

172

Sheiur, Ay. to make Order so*

Reception of Lunatics.

Licence.

Feet.

Persons to be -described.

Receiving without Order, &c.

[Penalty.]

Siguing Certificate, &c. with*

out examining Persons.

[Penalty.]

Report or Certificate signed by Medical Person,

Sheriff, &c. may make interim Order.

Madhouset in-spe£led Twice a Year.

Tnfpe&ors may infyeft at any lime.

[Proviso.]

Sheriff, &c. may let Per font improperly detained at Liberty.

Licence recalled.

Sheriff, &c. may make Rules and Regulations.

C. 69. 550 (^EORGli III. A.D. 1815.

Lunatic or Lunatitl, and to makt such Order for their Care or Confinement, or for their being set at Liberty, as the circumstances of the case may seem to require*

VIII. And be it enacted, Thai, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall be received into any House kept for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, without an Order made by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute of the County or Stewartry where such House shall be, who shall forthwith satisfy himself as to the Propriety of granting such an Order, by the Certificate or Report of Medical Persons, and otherwise, as the circumstances of the case may seem to require 5 pursuant to which Order a Licence shall be granted in the manner directed by this Act, for which a Fee of Two Guineas shall be paid for every Person specified therein, to be accounted for and paid into the Rogue Money of such County, by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, after deducting the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, as his Fee for making out such Licence 5 and every furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic, for the Reception of whom such Order shall have been made, shall be specified and described in the next annual Licence granted to the Person or Persons, by whom he shall have been so received to be taken care of and confined as a furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic; and if any Person or Persons shall receive any furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic, to fie taken care of or confined in any such House kept for the Reception and the Care and Confinement of fuyh Persons, without such Order and Licence, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Expences attending the Recovery thereof; And if any Medical Person shall sign or give any such Certificate or Report, without having carefully visited and examined the Person to whom it relates, and without having endeavoured to ascertain in a proper manner, by such Examination and otherwise, that such Person is a furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic, and proper to be confined in a House for the Reception of such Persons* every such Medical Person shall forfeit and pay for such Offence or Neglect the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and the Expences of recovering the same.

IX. And be it enacted, That every Certificate or Report, upon which a Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall give an Order for the Confinement of any Person in a House kept for the Reception, Care and Confinement

of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, shall be signed by a Medical Man, who is either a Physician, or hat a Diploma from the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh or of London, or from the Faculty of Physicrana and Surgeons of Glasgow, or who has acquired a Right to practise from having served in the Army or Navy, except in those cases where no Medical Man of the above Description can be conveniently applied to, in which Event such Certificate may be signed by any Medical Practitioner of Character whom such sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute may think proper to employ.

X. Provided neverthelefo, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute to make such Order, or to give such Directions, as the circumstances of the case may seem to require, for the Care and Confinement of any furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic, in the mean time, until he shall be satisfied that he ought to grant an Order for the Reception and the Care and Confinement of any such Person in any House kept for the Reception and Care and Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, in the manner hereby directed, not exceeding a Period of Fourteen Days.

XI. And be it enacted, That every House kept for the Reception and Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics in Scotland, shall be inspected at least Two several times in the Year, once by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, and once by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute in Person, of the County or Stewartry wherein the same shall be situated, and such of the Medical Inspectors above described, and failing them such Medical Person or Persons as he shall think proper to direct to accompany him, on such Day or Days as he shall think proper from time to time to appoint for that Purpose; and it shall and may moreover be lawful for such Sheriff or Stewart himself to inspect, or to order such Inspection to be made, as often as he may think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to any of the said Inspectors appointed by the Royal College of Physicians in Edinburgh, at any time with Concurrence of the Sheriff Depute of Mid Lothian and to any of the said Inspectors appointed by the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow, witty Concurrence of the Sheriff Depute of Lanarkshire, to inspect any of such House3 for the Reception, Care and Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics within the respective Districts of the said Sheriffs, and to report to the said Sheriff Deputes: Provided always, that for such Inspections no Sum of Money shall be paid, and no Allowance given for Attendance and Trouble.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if, upon any Inspection made as directed by this Act, it shall appear that any Person or Persons are improperly detained in any such House as aforesaid, k shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Stewart of the County or Stewartry where such improper Detention shall take place, to set such Person or Persons at Liberty, or otherwise to do in the Premises as ttJe^circumstances of the case may seem to require.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Sheriff or Stewart pepute to recall any 'Licence which may have been granted pursuant to this Act, if it shall appear to him proper so to do, , upon a Report to that Effect made to him by any Two of the Inspectors acting under the Authority of this Act as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff and Stewart Depute of every County or Stewartry in Scotland, from time to time to make such Rules and Regulations as such Sheriff or Stewart may think proper, for the proper Management of Houses kept for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics within their several Counties or Stewartries, which may tend to the due Preservation of the Health, and ensuring the proper Treatment of the Persons confined therein, and to enforce the fame by such Penalties not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence, as such Sheriff or

14 Stewart

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 69, 70. 173

Stewart Depute shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty or Forfeiture granted by this Act may be recovered and applied; such Rules and Regulations being always -first duly notinec^ in Writing to the Person or Persons by whom any such House or Houses may be kept.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any such Rules and Regulations shall be put in force Rrgylapont v

the said Sheriff or Stewart De pute shall transmit a Copy of the said Rules and Regulations to the Clerk of transnrutted to the High Court of Judiciary, who shall lay the fame before the Lords Commissioners of Judiciary for their .Court

Consideration, and such Lords Commissioners of Judiciary shall forthwith signify to the said Sheriff or Stewart u Depute what shall appear to them thereupon, and upon being approved of by the said Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, all such Rules and Regulations shall receive Effect in the manner id which they shall have been finally fettfokpurfuant to such Communication thereof so made to the said Lords Commissionert of Judiciary, who shall cause the same to be inserted in the Records of such Court.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be condrued Act not toei-

to extend to any of the Public Hospitals, or Public Lunatic Asylums in Scotland> further than to authorize tend to Public the said Sheriffs or Stewarts to visit and inspect the fame, or to order such Inspection as aforesaid. opita,

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be condrued nor to Confine,

to extend to any House where only One furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic is confined, unless such Person cnt0* One shall be confined in such House for Gain or Reward. erson.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Procurator Fiscal of every County or Procurator Stewartry where any House for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or AA^ncTr^ow* Lunatics is situated, and he is hereby required to enforce the due Execution of this Act, and to sue for and peuJj"je^CC°Ver recover all Penalties or Forfeitures granted by this Act, by Aft ion or Complaint before the Court of Session,

or the Sheriff or Stewart's Court: Provided always, that such Action or Complaint shall be brought within Limitation of Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence shall have been committed, or the Penalty incurred. Actions.

XX. And be it enacted, That all Penalties recovered by virtue of this Act shall be paid into and form Application of Part of the Rogue Money of the County or Stewartry by whose Procurator Fiscal the lame shall have been £jnaJ|*'0£ x recovered; and all the Expences incurred in carrying this Act into Execution shall be paid out of such Rogue c* Mouey.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute of every County or Stewartry Sheriff, &c. to

in Scotland. wh.re any House is kept for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous transmit Ac Persons or Lunatics, shall lay be'fore or cause to be transmitted, an Account of all Expences incurred by his°

Directions in carrying this Act into Execution, and of all Monies received by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk Supply.

of his County or Stewartry, for any Licence or Licences granted in pursuance of this Act, and of all Monies recovered by the Procurator l ifcal of his County or Stewartry, by virtue of this Act, to the Commissioners of Supply of his County or Stewartry, on the Day on which they assemble in every Year for the Assessment of the Land Tax.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute of every County or Stewartry °°Py of Ac*

in Scotland, where any House is kept for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous fountJ Persons or Lunatics, shall at the same time transmit a Copy of such Account, with a Report of all that shall ckn, °andt(> have been done by and under his Direction in the Execution of this Act, containing a Statement of the Courts cf Number of Houses kept in their respective Counties or Stewartries, for the Reception and the Care or Con- Justiciary. fincment of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, and the Names, Number and Description of Persons confined therein, to the President of the Royal College of Physicians in Edinburgh, and also to the Clerk of the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, who shall cause such Account and Report to be inserted in the Records of such Court.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities granted by this Act to Sheriffs and Stewarts 8r*jlted

Depute and their Substitutes shall be without prejudice and in addition to all Powers and Authorities now Wuhout Preiu-competent to them by Law; all which Powers and Authorities shall and may be exercised in the Execution dice to Powers of this Act, a3 well as the Powers and Authorities hereby granted. granted by Law.

XXIV., And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be public Act.

judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for better regulating the Formation and Arrangement of the Judicial and other Records of the Court of Session in Scotland.

[7 th June 1815.]

WHEREAS the due Arrangement of the Judicial Records of the Court of Session, framed in the Offices of the several Clerks and Extractofs of Decrees of that Court, preparatory to their ultimate

Depositation in His Majesty's General Register House, is essential to the Usefulness of that Class of the Public Records of Scotland: And Whereas there is not at present any adequate Provision or Official Establishment for that Purpose May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on Extracted Pro-the Fifteenth Day of April and the Fifteenth Day of August in every Year, from and after the passing of this ceiFes Act, the several Clerks of Session, or their Assistants and Extractors, shall transmit all the Concluded and er

Extracted Processes in their Possession at such Periods respectively, into an Office to be prepared and set apart for that Purpose by the Lord Clerk Register, who is hereby authorized and reauired to prepare and set apart the fame; and the said Clerks of Session or their Assistants shall there deliver such concluded Processes to an 1 ' Officer

?74

rj. 1

Concluded Pro-cesses, though not extra&etl, frwfnmttd.

Keeper of Records to attfend perfoaally.

Salary.

Number of Keepers reduced.

Fees.

Appointment approved of by Lord President and Lord Clerk*Register.

Keepers chosen from among present Keepers.

Compensation to.

reduced

Keepers.

7 Ann. c. 11.

s

io Ann. c. 26.

§ 10S.

Hiwkers, &c. not to go about without Licence.

C. 70, 71. 550 GEORGII ni. A.D. 181j.

Officer to be1 called "The Keeper of the Records of the Court of Seflton> to be appointed by the Lord President of the College of Justice for the time being; who is hereby authorized and required forthwith after the paffiftg of this AAj and from time to time thereafter, as often as there shall he occasion, to choose and nominate some fit Person to hold the said Office, ad vitam aut culpam, who shall progressively arrange the whole of these Records into one Series, and carefully preferte the fame until they shall be finally deposited in His Majesty's General Register House.

II. And be it further enacted, That on the Fifteenth Day of August in every Year, the foresaid Clerk of Session, or their Assistants, shall also transmit to the said Keeper of the Records of the Court of Session &U such Processes as have been concluded, and have been in a Situation to admit of Extract, on or before the Twelfth Day of July in the Year preceding respectively, although the said concluded Processes have not been then actually extracted: Provided always, that if an Extract of any such Process shall be thereafter demanded it shall be competent for the Extractor of such Process to resort to the Office of the said Keeper and there make such Extract accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Officer to be called The Keeper of the Records of the Court of Session, shall be bound to discharge his said Office in Person, and shall act in conformity to such Orders and Regulations as may from time to time be made and communicated to him by the Lord Clerk Register for the time being, subject always to the Review and Controul of the Court of Session; and the said Keeper of Records mall, from and after the Date of his Appointment, be entitled to a Salary of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, payable out of the Fee Fund of the Court of Session, to be paid to him Quarterly by the Collector of the said Fee Fund, in the same manner with the Salaries of the Clerks and other Officer* of the Court of Session.

IV. And Whereas certain Irregularities and Defects have prevailed in the Formation of the Register of

Deeds, Probative Writings and Instruments of Protest, in the Books of Council and Session, and certain

pew Arrangements have become necessary for the more regular and effectual Discharge of the Duties to be

performed by the Keeper of the said Register Be it enacted, That, from and after the Twelfth Day of November next, instead of Six Keepers of the said Register, there shall be One principal Keeper and Two Assistant Keepers, who shall be bound to discharge the Duties of their said Offices in Person; and who shall be entitled to th? Fees now drawn by the Six Keepers of the said Register in the following Proportion 5 that is to say, Three seventh Parts to be payable to the Principal Keeper, and Two sevenths to each of the Two Assistant Keepers; the said Fees being always liable in the First Instance to the Burden of defraying the whole Expence of Register Books, and Minute Books, for the Record of Deeds, Probative Writings and Instruments of Protest, and the whole of the Fees or Dues payable to the Writing or Copying Clerks.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Principal and Assistant Keepers shall be appointed by'tke Principal Clerks of Session in the same manner as the Six Keepers have heretofore been appointed; but it'i* hereby specially provided, that the said Keepers so chosen and presented by the Principal Clerks of Session shall not be admitted by the Lords of Session into the said Offices, unless their respective Appointments shall have been approved of in Writing by the Lord President of the College of Justice, and the Lord Clerk Register for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Keeper and his Assistant Keepers to be first appointed as aforesaid, shall be chosen from among the present Six Keepers 5 provided always, that such Appointment shall receive the Approbation of the Lord President, and the Lord Clerk Register as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Six Keepers as shall not be chosen and appointed to any of the said Offices of Principal or Assistant Keepers shall within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act present to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland a joint Claim setting forth the Amount of tnofe Emoluments of which they have been deprived by the Operation of this Act, together with the Vouchers and Evidence by which the fame is meant to be supported; and the Barons of the Exchequer after due Enquiry made by them into the circuihstances of the case of each of the Claimants respectively, are hereby authorized and required to determine and ascertain the Amount of the Fees and Emoluments of which the aforesaid Claimants shall have been deprived by the Operation of this Act, and what Sums will form a just and i^asonable Compensation to such Claimants respectively, by Annuities during their respective Lives 5 and so soon as such Compensation shall have been ascertained it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons, and they are hereby directed and required from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants for the Payment thereof, in such manner and at such time or times as they shall direct, out of any Monies charged or made chargeable by several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne> with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justidary and Exchequer.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to regulate Hawkers and Pedlars in Scotland.

[7th June 18x5.3

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the Trade of Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, or other Per* ( W fons going about to fell Goods, Wares or Merchandize in Scotland; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ? and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* vice and Gonfentot the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August next, it shall not be lawful for any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or any other Person or Persons, to go from Place to Place, or to other Men'* Hvufes, travelling on Foot or with any Horse or Horses, or otherwise, in Scotland} carrying to fell or expo*

10 ing

A.D. 1815» 55? GEORGir III. C. 71. 1, 75

sing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or .Merchandize, without having a Licence granted in the manner djr)e&edby tbii Ai\-

H. And be it enacted, That the Lord Provost of the City of Edinburgh, the Sheriffs Depute and Subfty- Commissioners tute of the County of Edinburgh* the Sheriff Depute of the County of Haddington^ and the Sheriff Depute of §5«°tu»g the County of Linlithgow, shall be Commissioners for granting Licences in the manner directed by this Act. cenc —

III. And be it enacted, That every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other Person, going from Place Licence* taken to Place or to other Men's Houses, and travelling either on Foot or with any Horse, or other wise, in Scotland9( out* carrying to fell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall take out a Licence from the said Commissioners or any Two of them, who are hereby empowered to grant such Licence, upon Payment of the

Sum of Four Pounds for every such Person travelling on Foot, and the like Sum of Four Pounds for every Duties.' Horse, Afs, Mule or other Bead, bearing or drawing Burthen, any such Person shall travel with, over and above the said first mentioned Sum of Four Pounds; which Licence shall be taken out upon the First Day of August in every Year, and shall continue in force for One Year and no longer.

IV. And be it enacted, That before any Person shall receive any such Licence, every such Person shall Certificate pro. produce to the said Commissioners, or some Two or more of them, a Certificate signed by the Minister of the duced.

Parish or Place wherein such Person has his usual Residence, and also by Two reputable Householders in such

Parish or Place, attesting that the Person so applying to be licensed is of good Character and Reputation, and is a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman 5 which Certificate shall be in the Form and to the Effect following:

4 A.B. the Minister, and C.D. and E. F.9 being Two Householders residing at

in the Parish of in the County of do hereby certify, That G. H.

bath been known to us for the Space of Years last past, and during all that time hath

<'usually resided in the said Parish for otherwise, as the case may be'] and is a Person of good Character and

Reputation, and is a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chap-

*'taan: ' Dated the Day of

V \ '*A.B. Minister.

J ! ' E. DF. } Householders.'

(V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Comnpifioners from time to time to appoint; Gl?rk, to whom such Certificates shall be delivered at such Place or Office as the said Commissioners may from time to time also appoint, where the Licences authorized by this Act to be granted shall be issued, and who shall otherwise assist them in the Execution of the Duties imposed upon them by this Act; t^bich Clerk shall al(p receive and keep an Account of the Sums to be paid for Licences to be granted under the Authority of this Act, and shall find Security for his Intromissions, to the Satisfaction of the said Commis-fiftoers ( and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant and direct to be paid to fqch Clerk fmch Allowance, for Trouble and Expences, as they shall think reasonable, out of the Monies to be paid for Licences to be granted pursuant to this Act; and after satisfying and paying such Allowance and Expences, all Sums, received for or in respect of such Licences shall forthwith after the Receipt thereof be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland\ and shall be paid and accounted for by him in the same manner with any other Public Monies which come to his Hands.

VI. And be it enacted, That if, without having a Licence in the manner directed by this Act, any Hawker, pedlar. Petty Chapman, or any other Person, (haS, after the First Day of August next, go from Place to Place, or to other Men's Houses, or shall travel either on Foot or otherwise, for the Purpose of felling any Goods, or Merchandize, or shall open an occasional Room or Shop, and expose to saie by Retail any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in any Town, Parish or Place, such Person not being a Householder there, or the fame npt being the usual Place of nig or her Abode; or by any Means or Device shall vend or sell, either by him-, fipjf or herself, or by any Auctioneer, whether licensed or not, Broker, Appraiser, Agent, Servant or other rcrfpu, onhift or her Behalf, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, by any Mode of Sale at Auction whatsoever, or whereby the best and highest Bidder is or shall be deemed to be the Purchaser 5 every such Per* foo shall forfeit, and pay, fop every such Offence, the Bum of Twenty five Pounds, to be recovered and applied aa herein after mentioned*

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall be,

gnuit$d under or by virtue of this Act, and who shall trade with or under Colour of such Licence, shall cause to be written, painted or printed, in large legible Rom^n Capitals, upon the most conspicuous Part of every Pack, Box, Bag, Trunk, Case, Cart or Waggon, or other Vessele or Conveyance in which he or she shall carry his or her Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and of every Room and Shop in which he or she shall so trade, and likewise upon every Hand-bill or Advertisement which he or she shall give out, distribute orpublish, tibe Words u Licensed Hawker, " together with the Number, Name or other Mark or Marks of Distinction 10 written or printed upon his or her Licence as aforesaid 5 and that every such Person in anr/re^e# 1 making Default hereii* shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Thai if at any time, from and after the said First Day of August next, ariy Person other than to whom such Licence shall have been so granted as aforesaid, shall write, paint 01[ pymt, or canfe to be written, painted or printed, or kept+ or continue written; painted 6r printed Upon an$ Pack, Bag, Box, Trunk, Case, Cart, Waggon or other Vessele or Conveyance for any Goods, Warfs of Merchandize, or in any Room or Shop in which he or she shall sell or expose to Sale, or keep for Sale any

- , r Goods;

Form of Certificate

Clerk of Commissioners, Appointment and Duties.

Going about without Licsnce.

Penalty

Package* of Hawker to have Word*

Licensed Hawker, ' &c.

Penalty. Person* not licensed using such Word*, f Sic,

: S, a*< t

t .I'

Pemlty,

Dealing, flee, in Smuggled, flee. Goods.

Penalties.

Trading contrary 10 Licence.

[Penalty.]

Refuting to produce Licence.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Forging, flee. Licences.

[Penalty.]

Hiring or lending Licence.

Penalty. Lending Licence.

[Penalty.]

Trading without Licence, or refilling to produce it, detained and taken before Justice.

Trading without Licence.

Warrant.

Poinding.

t

Imprisonment.

C-7l. 5 GEORGII III. A.D. ^15.

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Word# " Licensed Hawker" or " Licensed Pedlar, " or any other Word or Words to that Effect, every Person offending herein, shall forfeit for each Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said First Day of August next, be convicted of knowingly dealing in, vending or selling any Kind of smuggled, contraband or prohibited Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or knowingly dealing in, vending or selling any Goods, Wares or Merchandize fraudulently or dishonestly procured, either by themselves or through the Medium of others with their Privity and Knowledge, every such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or trading Person, shall, from and after such Conviction, forfeit his or her Licence, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or holding any new Licence, or dealing, trafficking or trading under the fame, and that over and above all such Forfeitures and Incapacities, Fines and Penalties, to which he or she is or shall be by Law subject and liable for such illicit and illegal Trafficking and Dealing.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, or other trading Person so travelling as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said First Day of August next, trade as aforesaid, without or contrary to or otherwise than as shall be allowed by such Licence, such Person shall, for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned; and that if any Person trading under or by virtue of any Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, upon Demand made by any Person or Persons authorized or appointed to demand any such Licence by the Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any Two of them, under their Hands, and upon producing or shewing such Authority or Appointment to such Person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon Demand made by any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, Justice of the Peace, Provost, Constable or other Officer of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, Burgh or Place where he or she shall so trade, or by any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or by any Person to whom such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman shall offer any Goods to Sale, shall refuse to produce and shew his or her Licence for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not hare his or her Licence ready to produce and shew unto such Person authorized or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such Sheriff, Stewart, Justice of the Peace, Provost, Baillie, Constable, or other Officer of the Customs or Excise, that then the Person so refuting, or not having his or her Licence ready to produce and shew as aforesaid, shall forfeit Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned, and for Nonpayment thereof shall be treated as a Common Vagrant, and be committed to the nearest Gaol or House of Correction.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences by this Act directed to be granted, or travel with or produce or shew any such forged or counterfeited Licence or Licences, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed; or shall be punished according to Law, as guilty of the Crimes of Forgery or of uting forged Writings knowing them to be such.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall let out, or hire or lend any Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with or under Colour of any Licence granted unto any Person whatsoever, or of any Licence in which hja or her own real Name shall not be inserted as the Name of the Person to whom the fame is granted, the Person letting out to hire or lending any such Licence, and the Person so trading with or under Colour of any Licence granted to any other Person, or any Licence in which his or her own real Name shall not be inserted as the Name of the Person to whom the fame is granted, shall each of them forfeit the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned; and in case any Person shall be convicted or have Judgment against him for lending his or her Licence to any other Person or Persons contrary to this Act, such his or her Licence shall be from henceforth forfeited and void, and he or she* shall be utterly incapable of having any Licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to seize and detain any such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person as aforesaid, who shall be found travelling from Place to Place, or trading without a Licence contrary to this Act, or who, being so found, shall refuse or neglect to produce to such Person or Persons a Licence according to this Act, after being required so to do for a reasonable time, in order to give Notice to a Constable or other Peace Officer or Officers, who are hereby required to carry such Person so seized, unless they shall in the mean time produce their respective Licences, before the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; which said Sheriff or Stewart or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and strictly required to examine into the Fadl or Fadls charged; and upon the Proof, either by Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, and no such Licence being produced by such Offender before the said Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, to convict the Offender so trading without a Licence; and thereupon, it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or Stewart or Justice, and be it hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause the said Sum of Twenty five Pounds to be levied by Poinding and Sale of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize of such Offender or Offenders, or of the Goodsf which such Offender or Offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Poinding and Sale, and out of the said Sale to pay the said respective Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid; and in the mean time to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Stewartry, City or Place where the said Offence shall be committed, there to remain until the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and the reasonable

Charges

A.D. 18f5.

55° GEORGII in.

C. 71.77

Charges of fttch Poinding And Sale, shall be levied as aforesaid, or until the fame fall be otherwise paid or

satisfied by such Offender. i;

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable or other Officer or Officers of the Peace shall Cooft«MMrer«-refuse or neglect upon due Notice, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and assisting in the Execution of this Act, being thereunto required, and each and every such Officer or Officers being thereof convicted upon act» his Confession, or by the Oatn of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or Justice of the Peace for the County, Stewartry or Place where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for each and every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied Penalty, as hereafter mentioned.

XV. Provided further, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to Goods exposed extend to hinder any Person or Persons from felling or exposing to Sale any Sorts of Goods or Merchandize to Sals in Public in any Public Fair or Market legally established and held within Scotland, but such Persons may do therein as 4c*

they lawfully might have done before the passing of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to prohibit any Provisoforcer-Person or Persons from felling within Twenty, Miles of his or her usual Place of Residence any Printed. Papers perfo*

licensed by Authority, or any Fish, Fruit or Vi duals; nor to hinder the real Worker or Workers, or Maker or Makers of any Goods, Wares or Manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her or their Children, Apprentices or known Agents or Servants usually redding with such real Workers or Makers only, from carrying Abroad or exposing to sale, and selling by retail or otherwise, any of the said Goods, Wares or Manufactures of his, her or their own making, in any Mart, Market or Fair, and in any City and Market Town.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, of Penalties above a greater Sum than Twenty five Pounds, shall be recovered, together with Expences, in the Court of Exche- 2*l*]]Jere*" quer in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or C0V#r*A.Wager of .Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed Penalties not ex-

does notexoecd the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, k shall be recoverable before the Sheriff or Stewart Depute ceeding ajL how

or Substitute, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the, County, Stewartry, City, Burgh rec6rered»c#

or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, on proof of the Offence^ either by voluntary Confession of the

Party or Parties accuied, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and one Moiety of

every such lift mentioned Penalty shall belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fame; and in case of Nonpayment, the said Sheriff or Stewart

or the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand, shall cause the same to be levied by Poinding and Sale of the pJfjj?*

Offender's Goods and Effects, or of the Goods and Effects with which such Offender shall be found trading,

mud the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and Expence of the Poinding and Sale,

shall be rendered to the Owner, and shall also commit the Offender to the Prison of such County, Stewartry, imprisonment. City, Burgh or Place, there to remain until the said Penalties and the reasonable Charges of the said Poinding .mod Sale wall be levied as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satisfied by such Offender; and it (haS Warrant, be lawful for any such Sheriff or Stewart or such Justice of the Peace, by his Warrant to cause such Offender to be apprehended and brought before him, to answer to any Charge or Complaint for any such Penalty, most to commit such Offender to Prison as aforesaid, until the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint, unless Imprisonraeat.*he or she shall and do enter into a bond before such Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, with Two sufficient Sureties In a sufficient Sum, to be ordered by such Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, to appear at the Hearing of such Charge Security, or Complaint.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Lord Provost of the Commissioners City of Edinburgh, the Sheriffs Depute and Substitute of the County of Edinburgh, and the Sheriffs Deputeay«Juf-of the Counties of Haddington and Linlithgow, to grant Convictions, and to do every other Matter or Thing l, ces or which a Justice of the Peace or Sheriff or Stewart may do under this Act, notwithstanding they are hereby appointed Conpniffionera for carrying the fame into Execution.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person committed to any Gaol or HouTe of Limitation atf Correction for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be detained in such Gaol or House of Correction Ipnfonm«at. for any longer Space of time than Three Calendar Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself or themselves Appeal, aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he, she or they shall or may, upon entering into a Bond

with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by such Justice, to the Amount of the Value ofiuch Penalty and Forfeiture, together with a Sum which in the Judgment of such Justice shall be adequate to the Amount , of the Expences which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the Amount of such Penalties, Forfeitures and Expences as shall be adjudged in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Sessions for the County, Stewartry or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, or at their Discretion to state the JFafts especially, for the Determination of the Court of Exchequer 5 and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it Audi be lawful for such Court to award the Person or Persons to pay such Expences, E*p«nce«. occasioned by the Proceedings before them, as to them shall seem meet.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or Decree given under or by virtue of this Conviction not ^Act, by any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, shall be removed to the Court of Session by Advocation, to be removed.

55 Geo. III. A a nor

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Fines for Use of His Majesty received.

Where recovered in Court of Exchequer.

Omitting, &c. to tnnfraitAccount of Penalty. Penalty.

Omitting to pay

Money.

[Penalty.]

Office forfeited.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Libel denied.

[Treble Costs.]

Limitation of Actions.

Bridgend the Place of Election.

nor shall the fame be suspended; but any Sheriff or Stewart, upon being required by the Party or Parties after they shall have granted Bond with Two sufficient Sureties in the manner above directed in the case of an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, shall date the Fads spedally for the Determination of the Court of Exchequer; and in case the Judgment of such Sheriff or Stewart shall be affirmed it shall be lawful for the said Court to award the Person or Persons to pay such Expences occasioned by the Proceedings before them, as to them shall seem meet.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every Sheriff, Stewart or Justice before whom any Person shall be con-vided for any Penalty under the Authority of this Act, shall take and receive His Majesty's Share of the Penalty levied or paid under or by virtue of such Conviction, and shall pay the same to the Collector of the Cess of the County or Stewartry wherein the same shall have been paid or levied 5 which Collector shall forthwith transmit every Sum so paid to him to the Receiver General of Scotland, in the same manner that he transmits to such Receiver General other Public Monies received by him, but distinguishing the fame in such manner as to enable the said Receiver General to transmit to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, on the First Day of August in every Year, an Account of all such Monies so received by him in the preceding Year, which Account the said Receiver General is hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and every Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, before whom any such Conviction shall be had, shall transmit an Account of the Amount of the Penalty therein to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, within One Calendar Month after the Date of every such Conviction.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Court of Exchequer by whom Judgment shall be given for any Penalty under and by virtue of this Act shall by the Judgment direct and authorize the Sheriff or Stewart within whose County or Stewartry the Offender may reside, or within which his Goods may be situated, to collect and levy His Majesty's Share of such Penalty and upon receiving the fame, such Sheriff or Stewart shall pay the Amount to the Collector of the Cess, who shall transmit the same to the Receiver General of Scotland* and fend an Account thereof to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, as in the manner above directed in the case of Penalties recovered upon Convictions made by any Sheriff, Stewart or Justice of the Peace.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any Person, who is hereby directed to transmit an Account of any Penalty in the manner hereby directed, shall omit or neglect so to do, every Person guilty of such Omission of Neglect shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding double the Amount of the Sum or Sums of which an Account ought to have been transmitted; and if any Person, who ought to pay any Sum or Sums of Money in the manner hereby directed to any Collector or to the Receiver General of Scotland, shall omit or neglect so to do in the manner directed by this Act, every such Person shall be liable in a Penalty equal to the Amount of the Sums omitted or neglected to be paid; and if any such Person shall appear to have wilfully omitted or neglected to make any such Payment, every such Person shall be deprived of his Office, and shall be incapable of serving His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Office of Trust or Emolument 5 all which Penalties^ shall and may be recovered and applied in the manner in which other Penalties may be recovered and are directed to be applied by this Act.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at anytime be sued, molested or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland* plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and in the Court of Session in Scotland the Defender or Defenders shall and may deny the Libel, and shew that the Ad complained of was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act y and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if the Action or Process shall be found irrelevant or otherwise dismissed, or the Pursuer or Pursuers shall not prosecute the Action or Process or suffer the same to fall asleep, or if Decree shall be given against the Pursuer or Pursuers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs or Expences, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defender or Defender* hath or have for Expences in other cases in Scotland.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all Suits, Actions or Prosecutions, for any thing done, or for Penalties incurred under or by virtue of this Act, shall be commenced within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or the Penalty shall have been incurred, and not afterwards.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to fix the Elediod for Glamorganshire at a central Place within the said County.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS kis expedient that the Elections of Knights to serve in Parliament for the County of

Glamorgan should be holden and determined at a convenient and central Place within the said County* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon every Election to be made of any Knight to serve in this present or any future Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, the Sheriff of the said County shall hold his County Court for the fame Election and every Adjournment thereof at the Town of Bridgend* within the said County, and shall proceed to and determine the said Election at the said Town of Bridgend* and at no other Place.

1a

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 73*74»7J- '79

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[7th June 1815.]

[60, 000 Tickets*]

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills; and for raising a Sum of Money by Annuities, for the Service of Great Britain.

[$c£ ante, r. y8. p(fl* cc* 12^. l6p.j

[7thjune 1815.]

§3

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to continue the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 46 G.5. c. 7

An Act for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto;

and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in tarrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution; the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude were empowered, whenever ' they (hotild be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that should be made to them for Dif-

covery of the Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to

think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the

Navy, and also in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which though not of so great Use as to be entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, yet that such Discovery was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward or Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude should think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy were thereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums so certified, who was thereby authorized and required to pay the same

immediately to such Person or Persons out of any Monies which (hoiild be in his the Treasureris Hands, uaapplied to the Use of the Navy; and it was thereby further enacted, that all such Sum or Sums of Money

as should be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by virtue of the said Act, as well for the Pun>ofe of discharging the several Debts which had been incurred and were then growing due, as of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and of rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea,

and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, should not altogether exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds: And Whereas by several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude have expended the whole of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds granted by the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid; and moreover several Debts have been incurred and are now growing due, for sundry Matters and Things done by Order of the said Commissioners in carrying the said A fts into Execution, and for Service tending to the Benefit of Navigation: And Whereas it is highly necessary that the said Debts should be discharged, and that the said Encouragements and Rewards for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of IBs present Majesty should be continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude shall and may certify the Amount of such Debts, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same are or shall be respectively due, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy, who are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary for discharging the said Debts, which Sum or Sums the said Treasurer is hereby required to pay to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so certified to be due respectively out of any Money which shall be in his the said Treasurer's Hands, unapplied as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, and they are hereby authorized and empowered whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for Discovery of the Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy, and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which though not of so great Use as to be entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty 5 yet that such Discovery is of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any

A a a other

Debts incurred under AO certified, and BHIs made out for Payment.

Useful Discove-ries in Navigation certified for Reward.

14 G. 3. c. 64.

§2.

55 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Debts incurred and new Rewards not to exceed io, ooooL

How Rewards

certified.

Certidcates not liable to Stamp Duty.

His Majesty may accept Offers of Local Militia, to serve either in or out ai Counties.

Services not to extend to more than 18 Days, exclusive of Days of March.

Regulations as to embodied Local Militia to extend to Local Militia on extended Service. Continuance. Act altered, Sec.

other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements useful to Navigation, to certify such Iefa Reward or Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorized and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, to make such Experiments or to receive such less Reward or Sum or Sums of Money for making letter Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his the said Treasurer's Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by virtue of this Act, as well for the Purpose of discharging the several Debts which have been incurred and are now growing due in manner aforesaid, as of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and of rewarding in a letter Degree letter Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, do not altogether exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds: Provided also, that in case any such Reward or Sum of Money to be given or paid for any of the Purpose* aforesaid shall not exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, that then and in every such case it shall be certified to the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, or any Five or more of them, bat if any such Reward or Sum of Money shall exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, that then the same shall in every such case be certified as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of the First Commissioner of the Admiralty, the First Commissioner of the Navy, the President of the Royal Society, the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich, and the Comptroller of the Navy for the time being, they respectively being, by virtue of the several Offices held by them, Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Certificates signed and sealed respectively as hereinbefore is directed, shall not be considered, deemed or taken to be Deeds or Instruments liable to any Stamp Duties, but that the same shall be good and valid, and shall and may be given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity as Occasion shall require, without being damped in any manner whatsoever, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to enable His Majesty, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to

accept the Services of the Local Militia, either in or out of their Counties, under certain Rer-

ft rift ions.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient, in the present circumstances, that His Majesty should be em-

empowered to accept of a limited Extension of Service of the Local Militia for a short Period for the internal Defence of Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this praent Parliament attembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Local Militia of Great Britain as may make voluntary Offers, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, of serving under this Act, either in or out of the Counties within which they shall be inrolled, and as His Majesty may think proper to permit so to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, directed to the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Local Militia Forces of Great Britain, to propose to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or any Part or Parts thereof, so to extend their Services, under such Rules and Regulations, and upon such Allowances, as His Majesty may think fit to make and appoint in that behalf, subject nevertheless to the Restrictions contained in this Act 5 and it shall be lawful for His Majesty to call out and employ, from timfc to time, any such Parts or Proportions of any Local Militia so volunteering as aforesaid, at such times and in such manner at he shall think fit, either in or out of their Counties, for any Period not exceeding such as are allowed by this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Local Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Local Militia shall be allowed to extend its

Services, or be liable to be kept attembled upon any such extended Service under this Act, for any loBge* Period than Twenty eight Days in the whole in any One Year, exclusive of the Days of March, and Days of Arrival at and Departure from the Place where they should be attembled to do Duty 5 and all Days of Service under any such voluntary Offers as aforesaid shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercise, under the Acts (a) already in force for the Regulation of the Local Militia in England and Scotland respectively. (a) [52 G. 3. c. 38. §88. — 52 G. 3. c. 68. £ 87.]

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Rules, Regulations, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, in the said Acts respectively contained, as to the Local Militia when embodied for Service in case of Invasion, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Local Militia when serving under any such voluntary Offers under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame were severally and respectively re-enacted as to such Service of the Local Militia.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and no longer; and may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts which may be passed in the present Session of Parliament,

10 CAP

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

.77, 78161

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to authorize, under present Circumstances, the Drawing out and Embodying of the British and Irish Militia, or any Part thereof.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, under present Circumstances, in the present Situation of the Country

there being the Prospect of an immediate War with France, to authorize the Drawing out and

Embodying the British and Irish Militias, or any Part thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, under the present Circumstances, at any time after the passing of this Act and before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to draw out and embody the whole or any Part of the Militia of Great Britain, in like manner as His Majesty is by the Laws now m force relating to the said Militia empowered to draw out and embody the said Militia, or any Part thereof, or any Proportion of the Militia of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town or Place, in case of Invasion or upon imminent Danger thereof, or Rebellion or Insurrection.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, under the present Circumstances, at any time after the passing of this Act and before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to order and direct that the Whole or any Part of the Militia of Ireland shall be drawn out and embodied, in like manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being is by the Laws now in force in Ireland empowered or authorized to order and direct, that the said Militia or any Part thereof, or any Parts of the Militia of the several Counties in Ireland, or any Regiment or Battalion thereof, shall be drawn out and embodied in cases of actual Invasion, Rebellion or Insurrection, or upon immediate Danger thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Regulations, Provisions and Clauses contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in any way relating to the Drawing out and Embodying the British and Irish Militias, or either of them, and now in force, shall extend and apply to the Drawing out and Embodying the said Militias respectively under present Circumstances, as fully and effectually as if such Regulations, Provisions and Clauses, were in this Act severally and separately re-enacted and repeated 5 and that all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the several Acts relating to the British and Irish Militias, or either of them, and now in force, in relation to such Militias of either of them, shall be respectively used, applied and enforced, for the Drawing out and Embodying the said Militias, or either of them, or any Part of Proportion thereof, under this Act, and as to such Militias, or either of them, when so drawn out and embodied, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were in this Act severally and respectively re-enacted and repeated, and made Part thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts which may be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVin.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Rates and Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and upon other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to consolidate and simplify the fame, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Duties under the Care of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and all Allowances on the Purchase of Stamps granted and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland save and except only the Duties on Lottery Licences (a) ), shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, cease and determine: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or be in any wise deemed, taken or construed to prevent the recovering, allowing or paying at any time after the Commencement of this Act of any Arrears of Duty or Allowances which shall then remain unpaid.

(jj) 46 G* 3* £*64* Sch* (A.) No* VI.J

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in lieu and instead of the said Duties and Allowances by this Act repealed, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected and paid in Ireland unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, enumerated and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedule, and in each and every Part thereof; and that there shall be made, allowed and paid, for or in respect of all such Articles, Matters or Things as are inserted, enumerated and described therein in that behalf, the several Allowances inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid or given in the Nature of Discount or Allowance in the Purchase of Stamps, other than such as is and are expressed and directed in the said Schedule; any thing in any former Act or Acts

His Majesty may embody Militia of Great Britain.

Lord Lieutenant empowered to order Irish Militia to be embodied.

Regulations of former Acts, extended to Ad.

Ad amended. Sc c.

5* 6.3. c. 87. Sch. (A.) in pan and Sch. (B.) (C.) wholly.

54 G.3.*c.ii8.

§ 1.

repealed.

Stamp Dutiea described in Schedule levied.

Allowances specified in Schedule made.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

la what cases

Duties, &c.

British er Irish Currency.

Duties under Commissioners of Stamp Duties. Duties paid to Receiver General, and by him to Exchequer.

Costfolidated

Fund.

Portion of Duties on Admission of Students, fcc. accounted for to Treasurer of Society of King's Inns.

Conveyances of Equity, or Right of Redemption r ReverOon of mortgaged Property to pay ad valorem Duty as on .a Sale, deducing ad valorem Mortgage Duty previously paid.

How Conveyance of Property pure haied of different Persons charged.

Conveyances on Sale containing other Matter to pay further Duty.

Powers of Acts relating to Stamps in Ireland extended to

aa.

Commencement of Ad.

AA* to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said Schedule, and every Matter and Thing therein respectively contained, shall be deemed, taken and considered as Part of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, except only such of the said Duties as are under the Sum of Six pence, or between the Sum of Six pence and the Sum of One Shilling, and which said Duties shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Irish Currency: Provided always, that in all cases where any Duties of Stamps or any Allowances in respect thereof are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum referred to, in respect whereof such Duties are imposed, such Amount so referred to shall be taken and deemed to be, and shall be computed in Irtfh Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Allowances by this A A and the Schedule thereto annexed, granted and made payable, shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the several Duties by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed granted, shall be paid from time to time by the several Distributors of Stamps in Ireland into the Hands of the Receiver General of Stamp Duties for the time being in Ireland, and to no other Person whatever; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Receiver General shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the fame being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, at such times and in such manner as the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, are by Law directed to be paid; and all Money so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland shall cause to be kept a distinA Account of the Sum of Ten Pounds, Part of the several and respective Duties of Thirty Pounds, in the Schedule mentioned, on the Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns, and 00 the Admission of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister in the Inns of Court, and of the Sum of Seven Pounds, Part of the Duty of Fifty Pounds, in the said Schedule mentioned, upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice to an Attorney 5 and that the Receiver General of Stamp Duties shall pay the same at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office for the time being, shall cause the said respective Parts of the said respective Duties of Twenty five Pounds and of Fifty Pounds to be paid to the Treasurer of the said Society of King's Inns, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by the said Society.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Equity or Right of Redemption, or any Reversionary Right or Interest of, in, to or out of any Lands or other Property in Mortgage, or standing pledged or charged for or with the Payment of any Sum of Money, shall be conveyed or disposed of either in Consideration of the Money so due on Mortgage, or in Consideration of that and of any further Sum paid or agreed to be paid, the Conveyance of such Equity of Redemption or Reversionary Right or Interest, shall be deemed and taken to be a Conveyance upon the Sale of Property, and the Money due on Mortgage shall be deemed and taken to be the Purchase Money or Part of the Purchase Money for the fame, as the case may be, and the Conveyance shall be liable to such Duty in respect of the whole of such Consideration, as any other Conveyance upon the Sale of Property is liable to, deducting thereout, nevertheless, such ad valorem Duty, if any, as shall have been previously paid on the Execution of such Mortgage, in respect of so much of the Principal Sum lent on such Mortgage, as shall then remain unpaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands or other Property separately contracted to be purchased of different Persons, shall be conveyed to the Purchaser, or according to the Purchaser's Direction, m and by one and the fame Deed or Instrument, such Deed or Instrument shall be charged with the ad valorem Duties, which shall be then by Law payable on Conveyances on the Sale of Property for and in respect of the separate Prices paid or agreed to be paid for such Lands or other Property, and not for and in respect of the aggregate Amount thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Deed or Instrument, operating as a Conveyance on the Sale of any Property, shall also operate as a Conveyance of any other than the Property sold by way of Settlement, or for any other Purpose whatever, or shall also contain any other Covenant, Matter or Thing, besides what shall be incident to the Conveyance of the Property fold, every such Deed or Instrument shall be charged in addition to the Duty and progressive Duty to which it shall be liable as a Conveyance on the Sale of Property, with such further Stamp Duty as any separate Deed containing the other Matters would have been chargeable with, exclusive of such Duty and progressive Duty.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeiture*

contained in any Act (j) for regulating any Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, or for regulating the Collection or Management of such Duties which shall from time to time be in force and unrepealed, shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, paying, collecting, enforcing and securing the Duties and Allowances, by this Act granted and made payable, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been hereby specially enacted, and had made Part of this A A. (a) [See post. c. 81.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the several Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

as to Stamp Duties payable on Licences to deal in Exciseable Commodities, c. 19. ante* See as to Great Britain, post. cc. 184, 185.]

6.78,

I

A.D. 1815.

"jj° GEORGII

in.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE.

PART THE FIRST:

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, kc.; on Instruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Money; on DEEDS in general; and on other INSTRUMENTS, Matters and Things, not falling under either of the following Heads.

PART THE SECOND:

Containing the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS, on Proceedings in the Admiralty and Ecclesiastical| Courts, and in the several Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin, and other Courts in Ireland, and in the Offices belonging thereto, and before the Lord High Chancellor or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy.

PART THE THIRD:

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION 5 on INVEN* TORIES to be exhibited in the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal Estate 5 and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal Estates upon Inteftacy.

PART THE FOURTH:

Containing the Duties on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS; ARTICLES not stamped on VELLUM, PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FIFTH:

Containing ALLOWANCES on the Purchase of STAMPS.

SCHEDULE; — PART THE FIRST.

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, &c. on Inftniments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Money; on DEEDS in general; and on other INSTRUMENTS, Matters and Things, not fedling under either of the following Head*;

PART THE FIRST. Duty.

ADMISSION (a) of any Person to a & as an Advocate of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland; for the Register or /

Entry thereof - - - -ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister at Law, in the Inns 30 0 0

of Court in Ireland; for the Register or Entry thereof ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Attorney, Solicitor or Proctor, in 30 0 0

any Court in Ireland -ADMISSION of any Person as a Matter in ordinary in Chancery, or as one of the Six Clerks of the Cursitors, or one off the Court of Chancery in Ireland, or other Clerk or Officer whatsoever, in any Court in Ireland, who must necessarily be employed to do certain official Business, and whose Emoluments shall be therefore so far fixed and certain; Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments of the Office or Appoint- TO' 0 0

ment shall not amount to 50k per Annum And where the same shall amount to 50k and not amount to iool. 2 0 0

per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200l. 4 0' 0

per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300l. 6 0 0

per Annum ... And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l. 12 0 0

per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 750l.5 0 0

per Annum - - - And where the same shall amount to 750k and not amount to 35 0 0

1, 000k per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 000k and not amount to 5 0 0

1, 500k per Annum (*)* to Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Admi/Jions of Advocates, ProBors> (3V. post* c. 79.] 75 0 0

f Sic.

C. 78. 55° GEORGII III. # A.D. 1815.

ADMISSION — continued.

And where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to

2.0001. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2>o6ol. and not amount to

3.0001. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 3, ooool. or upwards per Annum -

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for three Years preceding, if praaicable; and if not, according to the bed Information that can be obtained.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Officer shall he admitted annually, every Admission after the first shall be free of Duty, provided the proper Duty shall have been paid on his first Admission.

All Admtffions of Officers, proceeding upon any Grants of or Appointments to Offices, which shall be charged with the Duties herein after mentioned.

But in all Cases not expressly exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Notary Public. —

- See Licence and Faculty.

ADMISSION of any Person into the Society of King's Inns ADMISSION of any Person to be a Fellow of the College of Physicians or Surgeons -

Note. — The said hereinbefore mentioned Duties on Admissions are, in all cases not expressly provided for, to be charged on the Re-gifter, Entry or Memorandum of each Admission, in the Rolls, Books or Records of the Court, College, Inn or Society, in which the Admission shall be made.

ADMISSION of any Person into any Corporation, Guild or Company, in any City, Borough, Burgh or Town Corporate in Ireland; for the Re-gifter, Entry, Minute or Memorandum thereof, in the Court Book, Roll or Record, of such Corporation, Guild or Company;

Where the Admission shall be in respect of Birth, Apprenticeship or Marriage -

And where the same shall be upon any other Ground

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

The Admission of any Person into a Corporation or Company for the Direction of any Charitable Institution exclujiyely

ADMISSION to Ecclesiastical Benefices. — See Collation.

AFFIDAVIT, or AFFIRMATION, made in pursuance of any Law for amending or repairing Public Roads, or made before the Trustees of any Turnpike, relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpose, or for accounting for any Public Money, or discharging Queries on Preferments 5

Where the Amount of the Money to be presented, raised or accounted for, shall not exceed 20l.

Where such Amount shall exceed 2ol. and shall not exceed 50l. Where such Amount shall exceed 50l. and shall not exceed tool. Where such Amount shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed aool. Where such Amount shall exceed 200l.

Any Affidavit not otherwise charged 5 for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, on which the same shall be written or printed -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Affidavits required or authorized by Law, to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace; or before any Commissioner or Comm if Jioners of any Public Board of Revenue, or any of the Officers appointed or acting under them / or before any other Commissioner

IOO

i$o

200

*s

20

1

3

o

o

o

o

o

o

*. dm

o o o o o o

O o

O o

O O

o O

2

3

4

o

o

o

o

o

2 O

I

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C.yS.

AFFIDAVIT -continued.

or Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Aff of Parliament or by the Crown.

Affidavits or Affirmations relating to Criminal Prosecutions.

Affidavits or Affirmations for the Purpose of Registering Freeholds. Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before a Magistrate of any Corporation offing as a Justice of the Peace % unless hereby other wise charged.

Affidavits or Affirmations to be taken before a Magistrate affing in any Court of Conscience, or of a summary Jurisdiction, or before any Judge of Afjtse, Commi/ftoner of Oyer and Terminer, or Recorder, or Assistant Barrister, relative to Prosecutions or Trial of Indiff-ments, or to Civil Bills.

Affidavits or Affirmations made in pursuance of any A8 relative to the Hempen and Linen Manufactures: And Affidavits or Affirmations as to the Payment of Corn Premiums: And Affidavits or Affirmations made before the Dublin Society.

Affidavits which may be required at the Bank of Ireland, to prove the Death of any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds, to identify the Perf on of any such Proprietor, or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer of any such Stocks or Funds, or in any wise relating to the Loft, mutilation or Defacement of 1 any Bank Note or Bank Post Bill.

AGREEMENT, or*Contra&, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, or other Security on any Estate or Property therein comprised* — See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or j any Minute or Memorandum of Agreement, made in Ireland under Hand only, (and not otherwise charged in this Schedule nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty, ) where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20l. or upwards, whether the same shall contain an actual Contract, or shall be actual Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein, after the first

Provided always, that where divers Letters shall be offered in Evidence to prove any Agreement between the Parties who shall have written such Letters, it shall be sufficient if any one of such Letters shall be stamped with a Duty of il. Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufacturer or Menial Servant.

Memorandum, Letter or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, IVares or Merchandise Memorandum or Agreement made between the Master and Mariners of any Ship or Vessel, for Wages, on any Voyage Coastwise from Port to Port in Ireland.

Letters containing any Agreement (not before exempted) in refbeff of any Merchandise, or Evidence of such an Agreement, which shall pass by the Post, between Merchants and other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Ireland, and residing and affudlly being, at the time of fending such Letters, at the Dtflance of Forty Miles from each other, or between one or more Merchants in Ireland, and one or more Merchants in any other Country.

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, Real or Personal, or of any Use or Interest therein, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first -

If made by Deed. — See Deed.

APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclesiastical Benefices in Ireland -

55 Geo. III.

B b

100

o 10 o

too

o 10 o

2 0 0

186

C. 78.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18t5»

APPOINTMENT — continued.

APPOINTMENT of a Game Keeper. — See Deputation.

APPOINTMENT to Offices. — See Admission, Grant.

APPRENTICESHIP. — Indenture or other Instrument, containing the Go venants, Articles or Agreements for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk ojc Servant, who shall be put or placed to or with any Mailer or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerkship or Apprenticeship to Attornies and others, herein after fptcifically charged;

If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other Matter or Thing which shall be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, or be secured to be paid^ given, amgned or conveyed, to or for the Use or Benefit of the Matter or Mistress, with or in respect of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or both the Money and Value of such other Matter shall not exceed 30l.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 30l. and shall not exceed 50l. Where such Sum or Value shall exceed col. and shall not exceed 100l.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed 200l.; -

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 200l. and shall not exceed 300l.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 300l. and shall not exceed 400l.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 400l. and shall not exceed 500l.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 500l. and shall not exceed 600l.

And where such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of 600l. for every iool. of such Excels, a Duty of -

And where there shall be no such Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the Matter or Mistress -

APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements for or relating to the Service of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, as aforesaid, who shall be put or placed to or with a new Matter or Mistress, either by Assignment or Tumover, or upon the Death, Absence or Incapacity of the former Matter or Mistress, or otherwise 5

Where there shall be any such valuable Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the said Mailer or Mistress, exclusive of any Part of the Consideration to the former Matter or Mistress, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Matter or Mistress

And where there shall be no such new Consideration Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties. r Indentures or other Instruments where no Apprentice Fee shall be given, or if any he given, where such Apprentice Fee shall not exceed the Sum of 10l.

And all Assignments of such Apprentices so as before excepted; provided there shall he no such valuable Consideration as aforesaid given to the new Master or Mistress, other than what may have been or shall be given by any Public Charity.

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney or Solicitor, in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Courts in Ireland, on each Part of such Articles or ContraA -

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indentures or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as an Apprentice; in order to any such Admttfion as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for J

£. s. d.

0 5 0

0 10 0

I 10 0

3 0 0

6 0 0

10 0 0

12 10 0

20 0 0

3 0 0

0 10 0

f Such and the Hite Duty in Proportion to the j Amount or Value of 1 such new Consideration only, as is before charged on any original Indenture of Apprenticeship. o 10 o

I i'W, , \ V

50 O O

SCHEDULE, PART I.

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP —

which he was originally bound, in confluence of the Death of his former Mailer, or of the Contract between them being vacated by Consent, or by Rule of Court, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Proctor in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Dublin, on each Part of such Articles or Contract

ARTICLES of'APPRENTICESHIP, Indentures or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk or an Apprentice, in order to his Admission in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland\ or in any Ecclesiastical Court save as aforesaid, on each Part 01 such Articles or Contract.

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indentures or other Instruments, for binding a Clerk or an Apprentice to a Notary Public, in order to his becoming a Notary Public, on each Part of such Indentures

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Proctor or as a Notary Public in any of the Courts aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contract between them being vacated, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -

ASSIGNMENT upon the Sale of any Property — See Conveyances.

ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other similar Security. —

- See Mortgage.

ASSIGNMENT of any Property, Real or Personal, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty ... For every Skin after the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper after the first -

AWARD under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the same shall or shall not be enrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of any Court

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate, upon the Sale thereof, ^or by way of Mortgage--See Conveyance. - Mortgage.

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate, upon any other Occasion than the Mortgage or Sale thereof, over and above all other Duties For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Pap r, after the first -

Inland BILL of EXCHANGE (b), Promissory Note or other Note, whether of Bankers or otherwise, Draft or Order for the Payment to the Bearer or to Order, either on Demand or otherwise, of any Sum of Money, not otherwise charged or expressly excepted,

Where the Sum therein expressed shall not exceed iol.

Where the Sum shall exceed iol. and shall not exceed 30L Where the Sum shall exceed 30l. and shall not exceed 50l.

Where the Sum shall exceed 50l. and shall not exceed 100l.

Where the Sum shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed 200l.

Where the Sum shall exceed 2Col. and shall not exceed 500l.

Where the Sum shall exceed 500l. and shall not exceed i, ooool.

Where the Sum shall exceed i, ooool. and shall not exceed 3, ooool. Where such Sum shall exceed 3, 0001.

Inland BILL, Draft or Order for the Payment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf

(0 as to Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Sills of Exchange in Ireland, po/l, c. 100.]

Duty.

£. /. d.

I 10 0

I 10 0

50 0 0

15 0 0

l5 0 0

1 10 0

1 to 0

0 lS 0

0 S 0

X 0 0

X P 0

Ol 5 0

0 0 6

0 X 6

0 2 0

0 3 0

0 4 0

0 5 0

0 8 0

0 15 0

The same Duty as on a Bill of Exchange for the Tthe Sum9 payable to Bearer or Order.

BILL — continued*

Inland BILL, Draft or Order for the Payment of any Sum of Money, Weekly, Monthly, or at any other stated Periods, if made payable to Bearer or to Order, or to the Payee or some Person on his or her Behalf, or which shall be delivered to the Payee or such Person, where the Total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be specified therein, or can be ascertained therefrom -

£ s* d.

f The same Duty as on \ a Bill payable to

Bearer or Order,

I for a Sum equal to^such total Amount*

And where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be indefinite -

And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be Inland Bills, Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of Money, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule; viz.

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money by a Bill or Promissory Note, or for the Delivery of any such Bill or Note in Payment or Satisfaction of any Sum of Money 5 where such Drafts or Orders shall require the Payment or Delivery to be made to the Bearer, or to Order, or to the Payee, or shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf:

All Receipts given by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, for Money received, which shall entitle, or be intended to entitle, the Person or Persons paying the Money, or the Bearer of such Receipts, to receive the like Sum from any Third Person or Persons:

And all Bills, Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of any Sum of Money out of any particular Fund which may or may not be available, or upon Condition or Contingency which may or map not be performed or happen, if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or to the Payee, or if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf.

' The same Duty as on a Bill for the Sum therein expressed

onh-

Foreign BILL of EXCHANGE...

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills not other wise charged; Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding 2l. 10s. passed on account of Tithes, or for Money lent by, or payable to, any Society for Charitable Loan, or by or to their Trustees, in trufl for them.

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Bearer on Demand, and drawn upon any Banker or Bankers, who shall reftde or transaS the Business of a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Drafts or Orders shall be drawn; provided such Place shall be specified in such Drafts or Orders; and provided the same shall bear Date on or before the Day on which the same shall be tffued; and provided the fame do not direQ the Payment to be made by Bills or Promissory Notes.

All Bills, for the Pay and Allowances of His Majesty's Land Forces, or for the Expenditures liable to be charged in the Public Regimental or District Accounts, which shall be drawn according to the Forms now prescribed or hereafter to be prescribed by His Majesty's Orders, by the Paymasters of Recruiting Districts, or by the Pay-masters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authori % ed to perform the Duties of Paymajlership during a Vacancy, or the Absence, Suspension or Incapacity of any such Paymaster as afore-fiid; save and except such Bills as shall be drawn in favour of Contractors Or others, who Jurnish Bread or Forage to His Majesty's Troops, and who by their Contracts and Agreements shall be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills given iu Payment for the Articles supplied by them.

BILL of LADING, which shall be signed of or for any Goods, Merchandize or Effects, to be exported or carried Coastways

{The same Duty as on an Inland Bill of the fame Amount and Tenor.

01 6

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 78. 189

SCHEDULE, PART I.

BILL — continued.

BILL of SALE absolute. — See Conveyance.

BILL of SALE as a Security--- See Mortgage.

BOND in Ireland, or other obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, not other wise particularly charged, not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200l.

" Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 300L

Exceeding 30CI. and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ooooL Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, ooool.

Exceeding 3, ooool. and not exceeding 4, ooool.

Exceeding 4, 0001* and not exceeding 5, 000k Exceeding 5, ooool.

BOND given as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, whether together with or without any Sum already advanced;

Where the Total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable, shall be uncertain and without any Limit -

And where the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum -

BOND given as a Security for the Transfer, or Retransfer, of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of any other Company or Corporation -

BOND in Ireland, commonly called a Mortgage or Annuity Bond, or Bond given as a Collateral Security for or in respect of any Mortgage or Annuity -

BOND given as the only or principal Security for the Payment of any Annuity upon the original Creation and Sale thereof. — See Conveyance upon the Sales of Lands, &c.

BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except upon the original Creation and Sale thereof), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at stated Periods (not being Interest for any Principal Sum or Rent reserved, or payable upon any Lease) for any definite and certain Term, so that the Total Amount of the Money to be paid can be previously ascertained -

BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except as afore-fold), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at stated Periods (not being Interest for any principal Sum, nor Rent reserved, or payable upon any Lease) for the Term of Life or any other indefinite Period, so that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertained;

Where the Annuity, or Sums secured, shall not amount to iol. per Annum -

And where the feme shall amount to iol. and not amount to 50l. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200L per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 200L and not amount to 300l. per Annum -

Duty.

jf. t. d.

0 IO 0

I 0 0

I IO 0

3 0 0

2 IO 0

3 IO 0

4 0 0

4 IO 0

6 0 0

IO 0 0

12 10 o

\ 'The same Duty at on a Bond for such limited Sum.

The same Duty at on a Bond for a Sum of Moneys equal to the Value of the Stock or Fundfecured, according to the average Price thereof on the Day of the Date of the Bondi or on either of the Ten Dayt preceding.

10

The same Duty at on a Bond of the like Nature for the Payment of a Sum of Money equal to such total Amount.

0 IO O

too

1 10 o

2 O O

IO o

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

190

C. 7 8.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

BOND — continued.

And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 4C0l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount' to 400l. and not amount to 500l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 5C0l. and not amount to 750l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to I jooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1 , ooool. and not amount to 1, 5001. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. per Annum or upwards BOND for indemnifying any Person who shall become bound or engaged as Surety or Cautioner for the Payment of any Sum of Money or Annuity,

1 or for the Transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before-mentioned -

BOND for the due Execution of an Office, and to account for Money received by virtue thereof

BOND given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or Excise, or any of their Officers, for or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto -BOND of any Kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

General Directions respecting Bonds.

Where any such Bond as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, shall be written on more than one Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or on more than one Sheet of Paper, there shall be charged for every other Skin or Sheet of Paper as aforesaid, a further pnogrejjtvc Duty of Where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, or an Annuity, or both, or for the Payment of an Annuity, and also of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each.

And where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinCi Sums of Money, on Annuities or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of such separate and distinct Sum of Money, or Annuity or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein specified and secured, and not upon the Aggregate Amount thereof.

And where any Bond shall be given as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money, or Annuity, or any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, such Bond shall be charged with the same Duty as if the fame had been immediately given for the Payment or Transfer of such Money, or Annuity, or Share of the said Stocks or Funds.

And where any Bond for the Payment or Transfer, or for the Performance of any Covenant for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, shall be contained in one or the fame Deed or Writing, with any other Matter or Thing, in this Schedule specifically charged with any Duty (except any Declaration of Trust of the Moneys Annuity, Stock or Fund secured), such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the fame Duties as such Bond and other Matter or Thing would have been charged

12

Duty.

£. /. d.

3 0 0

3 10 0

4 10 0

6 0 0

7 10 0

10 0 0

12 10 0

1 0 0

1 0 0

0 10 0

1 0 0

o 10

BOND — continued.

with, if contained in separate Deeds; but where a Bond for the Performance of Covenants or Agreements (other than for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money, or Annuity, or any Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, ) shall be contained in the fame Deed or Writing with any other Matter or, Thing, the same shall not be charged separately, but the whole shall be considered as one Deed and be charged accordingly under its proper Denomination.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties* Administration Bonds, given by the Widow, Child, Father, Mother, Brother or Sister of any Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who Jhalf be flain or die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Administration Bond given by any Person, where the Estate to be administeredJball not exceed 20l. in Value.

CE RTIFICATE of having registered a Deputation as a Game Keeper (c) RT1FICATE to authorize any Person not being a Game Keeper to till Game in Ireland (c )

I

j CERTIFICATE to entitle any Person to receive a Drawback of any Duty. —

1 — See Debenture.

i CERTIFICATE (d) t^ be taken out yearly by every Person admitted as an 1 Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin, and by every Person admitted as a Prohor in any of the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts in Ireland, and by every Person admitted as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney or Procurator, in any other Court in Ireland < holding Plea, where the Damage doth exceed Forty Shillings 5

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, has been admitted for Three Years and upwards Or if he shall not have been admitted for Three Years CERTIFICATE to b£ taken out yearly by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, who shall issue any Promissory Notes for Money payable to Bearer on Demand, and allowed to be re-iiTued, of such Banker or Bankers having registered the Firm of his House according to Law CHARTER PARTY, or any Agreement or Contract for the Charter of any Ship or Vessel, or arty Memorandum, Letter or other Writing between the Captain, Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any Person for or relating to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods or Effects, on board of such Ship or Vessel -

CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contra& of — See Apprenticeship. — Articles. COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in Ireland, of the Yearly Value of iool.

And for every iool. of the Yearly Value thereof, exceeding the first iool. a Year, a further Duty of -

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Arch-bishop, Bishop or Vicar General of the Diocese: Provided always, that Two or more Benefices epifco-pally united shall be deemed One Benefice only. COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in Ireland. —

- See Promotion and Institution. COMPOSITION DEED, or other Instrument of Composition between a Debtor or Debtors, and his, her or their Creditors CONSTAT of Letters Patent. — See Exemplification.

CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, Assignment, Transfer, Release, Renunciation, or of any other Kind or Description whatsoever, upon the Sale, Settlement or Conveyance of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or Personal, or of any Right, Title, Interest or Claim into, out of or upon any Lands, Tenements, R,Dts, Annuities or

(c) [See as to Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Game Certificates in Ireland, pod* c. 100.

(d) [ See as to Costedion and Management of Stamp Duties on Attemies, Solicitors and Prodors in Ireland, post* c. 79.

if. /. d.

3 3°

3 3°

800

300

9 0 Q

IOO

00 5 0 0

IOO

CONVEYANCE — continued.

other Property whatsoever in Ireland, which shall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors of any of them 5

Where the Money therein or thereupon expressed shall not exceed iool.

And where the same shall exceed 100L and not exceed 300l.

And where the same shall exceed 300l. and not exceed 500l.

And where the same shall exceed 500l. and not exceed 750l.

And where the same shall exceed 750l. and not exceed i, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed i, ooool. and not exceed 2, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed 2, ooool. and not exceed 3, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed 3, ooool. and not exceed 4, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed 4, ooool. and not exceed 5, 000l.

And where the same shall exceed 5, ocol. and not exceed 8, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed 8, ooool. and not exceed 12, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed i2, ooool. and not exceed 15, 0001.

And where the same shall exceed 15, 0001. and not exceed 20, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed 20, ooool. and not exceed 30, 0001.

And where the same shall exceed 30, 0001. and not exceed 40, 0001.

And where the same shall exceed 40, 0001. and not exceed 50, 000l.

And where the same shall exceed 50, 0001. and not exceed 6o, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed 6o, ooool. and not exceed ioo, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed ioo, ooooL

For every Skin or Piece of Velhim or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in such Part of such Conveyance, Settlement, Deed or instrument, after the first Skin, a further Duty of

Note. — The Purchase or Consideration Money is to be truly expressed and set forth in Words at length, in or upon every such Deed or instrument of Conveyance.

And where any Lands or other Property contracted to be sold at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed in separate Parts or Parcels by different Instruments, the Purchase or Consideration Money shall be divided and appointed in such manner as the Party shall think fit, so that a distinct Consideration for each separate Part or Parcel may be set forth in or upon the Principal or only instrument of Conveyance relating to such Part or Parcel.

And where any Lands or other Property shall be sold and conveyed, subject to any Mortgage, Bond or other Debt, or to any gross or entire Sum of Money, to be afterwards paid by the Purchaser, such Debt or Sum of Money shall be deemed part of the Consideration, in respect whereof the said act valorem Duty is to be paid.

And where, upon the Sale of any Annuity or other Right not before in Existence, the same shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contra&, or otherwise, the Bond or other instrument by which the same shall be secured, or some one of such Instruments, if there be more than one, shall be deemed and taken to be liable to the same Duty as any actual Grant or Conveyance.

And where there shall be several Deeds or Instruments for completing the Title to the Property fold, such of them as are not liable to the said act valorem Duty shall be charged with the Duty to which the fame may be liable under any general or particular Description of such Deeds or Instruments contained in this Schedule.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Transfers of Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, and in the Stock or Funds of the Bank of Ireland, or of any Company or Corporation in Ireland.

CONVEYANCE of Lands and Kents belonging to The Crown. —

- See Grant.

CONVEYANCE of any Eft ate or Property, inTruft for Sale, which shall be I intended only as a Security for Money or Stock. — See Mortgage.

13

£. /. d.

1 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 10 0

6 0 0

12 10 0

17 10 0

22 10 0

32 10 0

47 10 0

65 0 0

85 0 0

120 0 0

175 0 0

225 0 0

275 0 0

350 0 0

500 0 0

0 10 0

1

I

A JD. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 78.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

CONVEYANCE — continued.

CONVEYANCE, Lease, Release, Indenture, Deed or Instrument of any Kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty, for the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -

For every o|ther Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein

COPY or EXTRACT of any Will or Codicil deposited in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland;

For every entire Quantity of 90 Words, over and above the first 90 Words, a further progressive Duty of -COPY or EXTRACT of any Memorial, orof the Registerof any Memorialregif-tered pursuant to an Act of Parliament made or to be made for the Public registering of Deeds and Conveyances in Ireland

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Ext raft shall be written, a i\xx\^er progreJfveDvXyoi DEBENTURE or CERTIFICATE for entitling any Person to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties, or Part of any Duty or Duties of Customs or Excise, or any Bounty payable out of the Revenue of Customs or Excise, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported or shipped to be exported from Ireland to any Part beyond the Seas j If the same shall f exceed iool.

If the same shall exceed iool. and not exceed 200L If the same shall exceed 200l. and not exceed 500l.

If the same shall exceed 500l.

DECLARATION of any Use or Trust, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, where made by any Writing not being a Deed or Will

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein, after the first -

DEED of any Kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty; for the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein

fFor every other Skid or Piece of VeHum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -

DEFEAZANCE DEED, or other Instrument of Defeazance, of any Conveyance or Disposition apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security; for Money or Stock. — See Mortgage.

: DEPUTATION for any Person to be a Seneschal or Steward of a Manor DISCHARGE for Money. — See Receipt.

DISPENSATION for holding Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or a Dignity or Benefice, in Ireland -

DISPENSATION or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Armagh or Matter of the Faculties for the time being -

And in all other cases -

DONATION. — See Presentation.

DRAFT for Money. — See Bill of Exchange.

EXCHANGE of Lands or other Hereditaments 5

Any Deed or Instrument of Exchange where no Sum of Money, or only a Sum of 300l. shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first -

And where a Sum of 300l. or upwards shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange;

If the Exchange shall bt effected by separate Deeds or Instruments of Conveyance, there shall be paid for the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance to each Party

Duty.

J.

I O 0

0 IO 0

0 O 3

0 5 0

0 S 0

0 3 6

0 5 0

O' 10 0

I 0 0

1 0 0

0 10 0

I 0 0

0 10 0

3 0 0

*J 0 0

*5 0 0

30 0 0

I ' 0 0

O 10 0

: l

55 Geo. III.

Cc

The same Duty as for a Conveyance on the Sale of Lands for a Sum of Money , of equal Amount with the Money paid or agreed to he paidfor Equality of, Exchange.

93

t Sic*

EXCHANGE — continued.

And if the same shall be effected by mutual Conveyances, in One Deed or Instrument, there shall be paid for such Deed or Instrument -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first - »-

EXEMPLIFICATION or Constat, under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Letters Patent or Grant, made or to be made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty or Privilege to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or of any Lands, Office or other Thing whatsoever -

EXTRACTS from Registers and Records in Ireland — See Copy. FURTHER CHARGE. — See Mortgage.

GRANT or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland;

Of the Honour or Dignity of an Archbishop

- of a Duke

' - of a Marquis

- of an Earl

- of a Viscount

'..... of a Bishop

- of a Baron

- of a Baronet

Of any other Honour, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever, or of any

Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate And where Two or more Honours or Dignities shall be granted by the fame Letters Patent to the same Person, such Letters Patent shall be charged with the proper Duty in respect of the highest in point of Rank only.

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, shall be granted to any Person or Persons, in remainder, the Letters Patent shall be charged with such further Duty, in respect of every Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the fame Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities.

And where any such Grant or Letters Patent shall be contained in more than One Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet or Piece thereof, after the first, a further progressive Duty of -

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties

Commissions of Rebellion in Process.

Letters Patent or Briefs for collecting Charitable Benevolences.

Letters Patent for confirming any Dispensation hereinbefore charged with a Duty.

GRANT, or Warrant of Precedence to take Rank -GRANT of an Escheatorship -

GRANT of any Land in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant for Profit, and herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Seal of the Exchequer, except Custodiam Leases -

GRANT from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, out of the Civil List, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament 5 Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money, Not amounting to 1 ool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 250l. x Amounting to 250l. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500l. and not amounting to 750l.

Amounting to 750l. and not amounting to 1 , ooool Amounting to i, ooool. or upwards; for every iool. thereof 16

£. s. d.

The same Duty as for a Conveyance on the Sale of Lands for a Sum oil Money oftwice the Amount of the Money paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange.

o IO O

20

150 0 0

35° 0 0

300 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

100 0 0

20 0 0

20

50 O O 20 O O

3 O 0

I

4

10

20

3°

5

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

GRANT — continued.

Qr of any Annuity or PenJtony

Not amounting to icx>I. per Annum Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 2ool.

Amounting to 200l. and not amounting to 400l. per Annum Amounting to 400b and not amounting to 600b per Annum Amounting to 6ool. and not amounting to 800l. per Annum Amounting to 800L and not amounting to i, ooool. per Annum Amounting to 1, 0001. per Annum and upwards But where any such Grant of an Annuity or Pension shall be made in Confirmation or by way of Renewal only, for any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of -

And where federal and distinct Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the fame Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respeift of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, or to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the Whole.

GRANT, or Appointment by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or by any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed or other Writing;

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto, shall not amount to 50l. per Anuum -

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 100L and not amount to 200l. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300b per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 500b and not amount to 750l. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to 1 , ooool.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 1, 500b per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 1, 500b and not amount to 2, 000b per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 2, 000b and not amount to 3, 000b per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 3, 000b per Annum or upwards The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for Three Years preceding, where practicable; and in other cases, according to the belt Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to Two or more Persons jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the same shall be charged with a separate and distinct Duty, in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged, in respect of any Person to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person, shall be in any manner augmented; and in that case, a Duty shall be charged, in respect of such Person, only in Proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation*

£. /. d.

1 id 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

5° 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

75 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

INDENTURES of Apprenticeship. — See Apprenticeship and Articles.

INSTITUTION, granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or by any Ecclesiastical Court, in and to any Ecclesiastica) Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in Ireland, provided that an Institution to Two or more Benefices, episcopally united, shall be considered as an Institution to a Tingle Benefice -

Collation by an Archbishop or Bishop to be considered as equivalent to Presentation and Institution, and subject to the Two Duties accordingly. — See Collation and Presentation.

INVENTORY. - See Schedule.

LEASE, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article for felling or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty one Years, whether with or without a Clause or Covenant for the Renewal thereof, on the first Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper thereof;

Where the annual Amount of the Rent reserved, or agreed to be reserved (any Penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount), shall not exceed 10l. and the Fine or Con&leration for the same shall not exceed iool.

Where the annual Amount

- , 1.1

of such Rent

or

of such Fine or Consideration

shall exceed

and shall not exceed

shall exceed

and shall not exceed

£ io £20 £100 £150

£20 £fo £ ifo £200

£50 £ 100 £ 200 [1500.

£ 100 £ 150 £500

£ 150 £ 200 ^750 1, 000

£200 £250 £ 1, 000 j£ 1, 250

£ 250 £ 300 £ 1, 250 £ 1, 500

£ 300 ^350 £ 1, 500 ^1, 750

£$$o 1^400 £ii*j$o £2, 000

And where the annual Amount of such Rent reserved, or agreed to be reserved, shall exceed the Sum of 400l. or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of 2, ooool. then for every iool. of the whole Amount of such Rent, and for every 500l. of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of

Where there shall be both Rent and Fine Duty to be paid in respect of each, which may be denoted by either One or Two Stamps 5

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in any such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, after the first Skin or Sheet a further progressive Duty of -

LEASE, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty one Years, for every Skin after the first -

And in case such Indenture, Lease, Release, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article shall be executed by the Leflor or Lessors therein, or any of them, by Letter of Attorney for that Purpose, then for every Five Pounds of the annual Amount of such Rent reserved, or agreed to be reserved, and for every Twenty five Pounds of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty in all cases on the first Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any of such Instruments, of -LEASE, Release, Deed or Instrument, for demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland} executed by any Matter in Chancery, or Officer

£ # d»

2 0 0

o

0

1

2 2 3

3

4

10

o

10

o

10

o

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o 10 o

(Subject to double the Amount of the Duty payable on the fort-I g°ir}X Leases.

The like Duty as in the I foregoing Leases.

L E A S E — continued.

# of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, or executed by any elicit Creditor, or any Lease of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, under Eviction for Nonpayment of Rent, and redeemable, where such Lease shall not exceed the Period during which the same shall continue to be redeemable, on the first Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, where such Rent shall not exceed 200L by the Year, or that Rate for any Portion of a Year -

Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of 200l. by the Year, and shall not exceed the Rate of 400l. by the Year Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of 400l. by the Year, then for every iool. of the yearly Rate of such Rent Every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in every such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute or Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, after the first Skin or Sheet -

LETTER or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Officer, Seaman or Marine, or Soldier serving as a Marine, for Recovery of Prize Money LETTER of Attorney for the Sale, Transfer, Acceptance or Release of Dividends, of any Government, Parliamentary, or other Stock or Funds LETTER or Power of Attorney, of any other Kind, not otherwise charged -LETTER of Attorney, empowering any Person to receive Rents in Ireland, except Letters of Attorney to receive Rents under Custodiams or Eligits LETTER of Attorney, empowering any Person or Persons to execute any Lease or Leases of Lands in Ireland, on the Part or Behalf of any Lessor or Lessee; If such Letter of Attorney shall be limited to the executing of any Lease or Leases in which the annual Amount of the Kent referred, or to be reserved (any Penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent, in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount), shall not exceed 5l. and the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed 20l.

And where such Letter of Attorney shall not be limited LETTER of Attorney which shall be limited to any larger Rent or Fine, or which shall not specify the Amount of the Rent or Fine to be referred or received on such Lease -

LETTER of Attorney empowering any Person to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements in Ireland, where the Consideration of such Conveyance shall not exceed tool.

And where the Amount of such Consideration shall exceed iool. or where the Amount of the Consideration shall not be expressed in such Letter of Attorney -

LETTER of Licence from Creditors to a Debtor -

LETTERS Patent----- See Grant.

LICENCE (e) Special for Marriage, to be issued from the Court of Prerogative in Ireland -

If by any other Authority

LICENCE to be granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Vicar General, or other competent Authority in Ireland, for the Non Residence of any Clergyman upon his Living -

LICENCE of any Kind, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland -

LICENCE to deal in or retail Stamps in Ireland -

LICENCE to insure against Fire -

LICENCE to act as a Notary Public. — See Dispensation.

LICENCE to keep one or more Printing Prefs or Prelfes -

MARRIAGE LICENCE. — See Licence.

MEMORIAL of any Deed, Conveyance, Will or Devise, which shall be registered or inrolled in the Public Office for registering of such Memorials, or entered in the Courts of Record in Ireland, except those otherwise hereby charged -

(r) [See as to Colic Sion of Stamp Duties on Licences granted by Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, post. r. ioi.

O IO o IOO OIOO

o 10

O I

o 10 o 10

o

o

o

o

2 0 0

IO 0 0

IO 0 0

2 0 0

IO 0 0

I 0 0

5 0 0

0 IO 0

3 0 0

1 IO 0

2 0 0

0 5 0

0 1 0

o 10 o

MEMORIAL — continued.

And for every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or Paper upon which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of MEMORIAL of the Assignment of any Judgment;

Where the Penalty of such Judgment so assigned shall not exceed 100l. And where the Penalty of the Judgment so assigned shall exceed iool And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a further Duty of MEMORIAL of any Demise, or of any Agreement to demise MORTGAGE or other Security of or affecting any Lands, Estate or Pro-

K, Real or Personal, whatsoever, also any Conveyance of any Lands, e or Property whatsoever, in Trust, to be sold or otherwise converted into Money, which shall be intended only as a Security, and shall be redeemable before the Sale or other Disposal thereof, either by express Stipulation or otherwise 5

Any Defeazance or Deed for defeating or making redeemable any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate or Property whatsoever, which shall be apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security; Also any Agreement, Contract or Bond, accompanied with a De-posit of any Title Deeds for making a Mortgage, or any such other Security or Conveyance as aforesaid, of any Lands, Estate or Property, comprised in such Title Deeds, or for pledging or charging the same as a Security;

Where the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of any definitive and certain Sum of Money, advanced or lent at the time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable, and shall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors thereof, or of any of them,

Not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200l.

Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 300l.

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ooooh Exceeding 1, 000b and not exceeding 2, ooool.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, ooool.

Exceeding 3, 000l. and not exceeding 4, 000k -

Exceeding 4, 000b and not exceeding 5, 000b Exceeding 5, 000b and not exceeding 1 o, ooool.

Exceeding 10, 000l. and not exceeding 15, 000b Exceeding 15, 000b and not exceeding 20, 000b Exceeding 20, 000b -

for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in such Part of such Mortgage or other Instrument, after the first Skin -

And where the fame respectively shall be made as a Security for the Repayment of Money, to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the case may be; If the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit

But if the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum

And where the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of any other Company, in Consideration of Stock or Money advanced or lent at the time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable

£. d.

0 IO O

0 5 O

0 10 O

0 IO O

0 2 6

0 l5 0

1 0 0

1 5 0

1 IO 0

2 0 c

2 IO 0

4 0 0

6 0 0

8 0 0

IO 0 0

12 0 0

x5 0 0

20 0 0

© IO 0

1

20*o o'The jamt Duty at on a Mortgage for such limited Sum.

The same Duty at on a Mortgage for a Sum of Money, equal to the Value of the Stock or Fundfecured> according to the average Price thereof on the Day of the Date of the Mortgage or other Instrument aforesaid, or on either of the Fen Dayt preceding,

MO RTG AG E — continued*

And where the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also for the Transfer or Retransfer of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each.

And in case the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged for and in respectc of each separate and distindfc Sum of Money, or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein specified and secured, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof.

' For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of

Paper, in such Part of such Mortage or other Instrument, after the first Skin -MORTGAGE, &c. Any Transfer or Assignment of any Mortgage, or of any such other Security as aforesaid, or of the Benefit thereof, and of the Money or Stock thereby secured, in all cases where the Person entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion shall not be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment; and also where the Persons who originally made the Mortgage or Security shall continue entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, and shall be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment, provided no further Sum of Money or Stock be added to the principal Money or Stock already secured -

And in all other cases such Transfer or Assignment shall be charged with the same Duty as an original Mortgage or other Security. Exemptions from the said act valorem Duty ou Mortgages, &c, but not from any other Duty to which the fame may be liable

Any Deed or other Instrument made in pursuance of and conformably to any Agreement, Contrail or Bond, hereby charged withy and which shall actually have paid the said act valorem Duty.

MORTGAGE, or other Security, with a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion, or other Matter in the fame Deed 5 viz.

Where any Deed or Writing shall operate as a Mortgage or other Instrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, and also as a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion of any Lands, Estate or Property therein comprised, to, or in trust for, or according to the Direction of a Purchaser, such Deed or Writing shall be charged not only with the said a*/ valorem Duty on Mortgages, but also with the ad valorem Duty hereinbefore charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property, but where the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion shall be thereby conveyed or limited in any other Manner, such Deed or Writing shall be charged only as a Mortgage;

And in all other cases where a Mortgage or other Instrument hereby charged with ad valorem Duty on Mortgages shall be contained in one and the fame Deed or Writing with any other Matter or Thing (except what shall be incident to such Mortgage or other Instrument), such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the fame Duties (except the progressive Duty) as such Mortgage or other Instrument and such other Matter or Thing would have been separately charged with if contained in separate Deeds or Writings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, contained in the Deed or Writing mentioned in the Two First Clauses, after the first Skin or Sheet, a further Duty of NOTARIAL ACT; any whatsoever not otherwise charged in this Schedule And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, upon which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of

ORDER for the Payment of Money. — See Bill of Exchange.

PARDON or Remission (except Pardon passed in forma pauperis of or for any Crime or Offence) of or for any Crime, Offence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, exceeding 50U -

£. /. d.

o 10 o

I 10 o

o 10 6

050

050 4 o o

PARTITION of Lands or other Hereditaments, by Deed or Instrument of Partition, where no Sum of Money, or only a Sum under 300l. shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, for Equality of Partition

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper contained in such Deed, after the first Skin or Sheet, a further Duty of

And where a Sum of 300l. or upwards shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Partition -

And if the same shall be effected by mutual Conveyances in One Deed or Instrument, there shall be paid for such Deed or Instrument -

For every Sheet or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece, of Paper, after the first -

JPOLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called 5 whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Life or Lives or upon any Event or Contingency relating to or depending upon any Life or Lives.

Where the Sum insured shall not amount to 500l.

And where it shall amount to 500l. and not amount to i, ooooL And where it shall amount to i, ooooL and not amount to 3, ooool.

And where it shall amount to 3, 0001. and upwards POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire only -POWER of ATTORNEY. — See Letter of Attorney. PRESENTATION, or DONATION, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, or by any other Patron,

To any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion of the yearly Value of iool. And for every iool. of the yearly Value thereof exceeding the first iool. a Year, a further Duty of -

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbishop or Bishop, or Vicar General of the Diocese; Provided always that Two or more Benefices episcopally united shall be deemed One Benefice only.

To any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in Ireland PROCURATION, Deed of, or other Instrument of

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first Skin or Sheet -PROMISSORY NOTE (f), whether in the Form of a Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, or otherwise, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any Banker or Bankers, who shall have registered his or their Name or Names or Firm, in Manner directed by Law, where the Sum therein expressed shall not amount to 5l.

shall amount to 5l. and not to lol.

shall amount to 1 ol. and not to 50l.

For Notes exceeding 50l. — See Inland Bill.

PROMISSORY NOTE — See Inland Bill.

(/) 09° Collection and Management of Stamp 'Duties on Prot$iffory

Notes in Ireland, post. c. 100.

*4

£. /. d.

100

o 10 o 'The same Duty asfor a Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, for a Sum of Money of equal I Amount with the Money paid or agreed to he paid for Equality of Partition.

- The same Duty as for a Conveyance on the Sale of Lands for a Sum of Money of Tmice the Amount of the Money paid or agreed to be paidfor Equality of Partition.

O 10 O

o 10 o 100 1100 2 o. o

010

500

500

10 0 0

0 10 0

0 10 0

i

M

0 0 3 i

006 0 0 8

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 78.

PROMISSORY NOTE — continued.

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment of any Sum of Money by Installments, or for the Payment of several Sums of Money, at different Days or Times, so that the whole of the Money to be paid shall be definite and certain -

And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be Promissory Notes, within the Meaning of this Schedule 5 videlicet,

All Notes, promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, and if the same shall be definite and certain, and not amount in the whole to Twenty Pounds.

PROTEST of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, for any Sum of Money, Not amounting to 50L -

Amounting to 50l. or upwards -

PROTEST of any other Kind -

PURCHASE DEED. — See Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, See. RECEIPT (^) or Discharge, for or upon the Payment of Money, or on the Delivery of any Check, Draft, Bill or other Order for any Sum of Money, Amounting to 2l. and not amounting to iol.

Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 20l.

Amounting to 20l. and not amounting to 50k Amounting to 50l. and not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200l.

Amounting to 200l. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500l. and upwards And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be therein expressed o acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands Exemptions from the present Duties on Receipts.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Agents for Money imprested to him, on account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Officer, Seaman, Marine or Soldier, or their Representatives respectively, for or on account of any Wages, Pay or Pension, due from the Navy Office, Army Pay Office or Ordnance Office.

Receipts for any Sum of Money paid for or on account of the Pension of the Widow of any Officer of His Majesty's Land Forces payable in Ireland. 53 G. 2. c. 51.

Receipts or Discharges given for the Consideration Money for the Purchase of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and for every Dividend paid on any Share of the said Stocks or Furjds respectively.

Receipts given fot^Money deposited in the Bank of Ireland, or in the House of any registered Banker or Bankers, to be accounted for on demand; provided the fame be not expressed to be received of or by the Hands of any other than the P erf on or Persons to whom the fame is to be accounted for.

Receipts or Discharges writtetrKtpon Promsffory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, duly Jtamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof; or upon Bills of Exchange drawn out of but payable in Ireland.

Receipts or Discharges given upon Bills or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

Letters by the General Pofi acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money. Receipts or Discharges indorsed or otherwise written upon or contained tn any Bond, Mortgage or other Security, or any Conveyance, Deed or Instrument whatever, duly stamped according to the Laws

(j) E&* M to Collection mad Management of Stamp Duties on Receipts in Ireland, pofi. c. 100.

55 Geo. III. Dd

sE. /. d.

The fame Duto as on a Promissory Note, for a Sum equal to the whole Amount of the Sums to be paid.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

{ 0 6 o

5 o

o

o

0

1

2 3 5

2

4

8

o

o

o

o

C. 78. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

RECEIPT — continued. j£. /. d.

in force at tie Date thereof, acknowledging the Receipt of the Con-filtration therein expressed, or the Receipt of any principal Moneys Interest or Annuity thereby secured. Receipts or Discharges exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act of Parliament not expressly repealed in that respect. Releases or Discharges for Moneys by Deeds duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof Receipts or Discharges given for Drawbacks or Bounties for the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandise from Great Britain. Receipts or Discharges for the Return of any Duties of Customs upon Certificates of Over Entry. RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant, Contra& or Agreement; O ID O

or for indemnifying any Person or Persons against any Matter or Thing -RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant or Statute Staple, and Entry of O IO O

Record in any Court or Office not herein otherwise charged Exemptions. , Recognizance taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace Recognizance on an Appeal from a Decree or Dismiss made or pro-j nounced by any AjJiJlant Barrtfier in their respective Counties, or the Chairman of Kilmainham, or by the Recorder of the City of Dublin. REGISTER, or Entry of the Degree of a Barrister at Law, taken in either of the Inns of Court. — See Admission. O IO O

RELEASE upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance. RELEASE, Conveyance or Surrender of any Grant or Grants, or Office or Offices, Release or other Deed whatever (except Indentures of Attornies or Proftori, Apprentices and Assignments thereof and Alignments of Judgments) which mall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts of the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatsoever, over and above all other Duties ..... IOO

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first 'RENUNCIATION upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance. REQUISITION, or any Request, Note for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or other Person duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any exciseable or other Goods, and any Request, Note or Requisition, for any Certificate of any such O IO O

Permit required by Law -REVOCATION of any Use or Trust, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning any Estates or Property Real or Personal, where made by any Writing not (d a 0

being a Deed or Will ... IOO

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first Skin.- - -SURRENDER upon the Sale of Lands or other Property. — See Conveyance. 0 ro 0

SURRENDER (not otherwise charged in this Schedule nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty) of any Term or Terms of Years, or of any Free-v hold or uncertain Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece C T1 r .1 it a IOO

of Paper, after the first O IO 0

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 78.

SCHEDULE} — PART THE SECOND. (

Containing the Duties on LAW, EQUITY, and other PROCEEDINGS.

Which Duties are to be paid and payable for and in respect of evejy Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parcl -ment or Paper, upon which the several Instruments, Matters and Things herein charged, shall be respectivel r. written or printed; except where the Duties are imposed according to the Number of Words therein coiltained, or are expressly charged in any other manner.

And all the Instruments, Matters and Things herein charged with a Duty, in respect of every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the same shall be written or printed, shall respectively be written or printed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and in such and the same Manner and Form, as the like Instruments, Matters or Things, have been heretofore accustomed to be, or are now usually written or printed.

And where a Court of Law or Equity is mentioned generally, the same shall be taken to mean not only the Four Courts in the City of Dublin, but also any other Court in Ireland, holding Plea where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings.

PART THE SECOND.

Duty.

I. PROCEEDINGS in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland. AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read or used in any of the said Courts ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts -

ANSWER in any of the said Courts -

APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any Interlocutory Decree or Order of any of the said Courts -

APPEARANCE, on the Entry of, for each Defendant ATTACHMENT issuing out of any of the said Courts except in Suits for Recovery of Seamen's Wages -

BAIL BOND, or Recognizance, taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same, where the Sum inserted therein shall not exceed 50l.

And where the Sum inserted therein shall exceed 50l. and shall not exceed 1501.

And where the Sum shall exceed col.

CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts, including such Summons as may issue for the Attendance of any Witness, save in Suits for the Recovery of Seamen's Wages -COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts

COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Affidavit filed, read or used, in any of the said Courts -

COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Citation, Monition or Warrant issued out of any of the said Courts -

COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, Depositions or Inventory, filed in any of the said Courts -COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Interlocutory Decree or Order of any definitive Sentence or final Decree, made in any of the said Courts -COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Rule or Order made or given on any Petition or Motion, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court or otherwise -

DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, save those having the Force of a definitive Sentence, made in any of the said Courts -

DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, having the Force or Effect of a definitive Sentence -

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same -

EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein

INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts, save as aforesaid RECOGNIZANCE. — See Bail Bond.

RELAXATION of apy Attachment or Inhibition issued out of any of the said Courts -

RULE or ORDER made or given on any Petition or Motion, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court or otherwise

£. /. d.

O 2 0

0 4 0

O 4 0

IO 0 0

O 4 0

I 2 6

O 5 0

O 10 0

O5 0

O 5 0

O 10 0

O 0 3

O 5 0

O 0 4

O 5 0

O 1 0

O 10 0

I 0 0

O 4 0

O 15 0

O 4 0

O 5 0

O 4 0

O 7 6

1 0 0

O 1 0

a°3

204

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

C. 78.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

SENTENCE Definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts, save as £. /. J.

aforesaid - -- 1 0 0

SENTENCE Interlocutory - WARRANT issuing out of any of the said Courts, save in Suits for the 0 10 0

Recovery of Seamen's Wages - II. PROCEEDINGS in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the High Court of Delegates, in Ecclesiastical Matters, in Ireland. 0 7 6

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read or used in any of the said Courts 0 2 0

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts - 0 4 0

ANSWER in any of the said Courts - APPEARANCE, on the Entry of, in any of the said Courts, for each and 0 4 0

every Defendant named in such Entry -APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any Interlocutory Decree or Order, of the Prerogative Court, or any Archie- 0 4 0

pifcopal Court --- 10 0 0

APPEAL from any Diocesan Court -CAPIAS, Writs of — See Writ. III. CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts, except in any Suit for 5 0 a

Tithes, and not herein otherwise charged -COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts, not hereby particularly 0 7 6

charged --- COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any of the 0 7 6

said Courts --- COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Inventory filed or exhibited in any of the 0 2 0

said Courts --- COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Citation, Monition, Mandate, Prohibition, Summons or Requisition, issued out of any of the said Courts COPY, attested or otherwise, of any other Process of what Nature or Kind 0 5 0

0 5 0

soever, that shall issue out of any of the said Courts COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interroga- 0 5 0

tories or Depositions, filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any 0 1 0

definitive Sentence or final Decree of any of the said Courts COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Rule or Order made or given on any Petition or Motion, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open 0 5 0

Court or otherwise - - - -DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, not having the Force and Effect 0 1 0

of a definitive Decree, Order or Sentence -DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, having the Force and Effect of a 0 JO 0

definitive Decree or Sentence - ... 0 JO 0

DECREE final, or definitive Sentence, in any of the said Courts DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the 0 10 0

fame ----- 0 5 0

DISMISS - EXCEPTION to Allegation, Libel, Answer, Deposition, Report or other Pleading, upon each and every Skin containing such Exception or 0 7 6

Exceptions --- EXEMPLIFICATION under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any 0 10 0

Record or Proceeding therein - 0 15 0

INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts - - - 1 0 0

INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts - 0 4 0

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts 0 5 0

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts - - - 0 4 0

MANDATE issuing out of the said Courts - - 0 5 0

MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts, save as aforesaid 0 5 0

ORDER or Fiat for Order made on any Petition 0 1 0

PETITION on the Entry of each - - 0 3 6

PROCESS of Contempt for not appearing or for not answering PROCESS of whatsoever other Nature or Kind soever that shall issue out of said 0 5 0

Courts - 0 5 0

REQUISITION --- 0 7 6

TO

' RULE or ORDER made or given on any Petition or Motion, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court or otherwise SENTENCE Interlocutory -

SENTENCE Definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts -ISUMMONS -

III. PROCEEDINGS in* the Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin, and in all other Courts in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings.

ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of Dublin, and in the Courts of all Corporations, and in all other Courts, in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage exceeds Forty Shillings; for the Entry of every Action or Plaint, except where the Debt or Damage claimed or demanded shall not exceed Forty Shillings -

AFFIDAVIT, Affirmation or Deposition, not hereby otherwise charged or expressly exempted, taken before any Person or Persons authorized by Law to take the fame -

AFFIDAVIT made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application against a Coroner or Sheriff -

ANSWER in any Court of Equity -

ANSWER filed by or on behalf of an Attorney or Solicitor, who shall sue or be sued as an Attorney or Solicitor in his own proper Person, on the first Skin over and above all other Stamp Duties -

APPEARANCE (on the Entry of any) in any of the said Courts to any Action or Suit in any Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage exceeds Forty Shillings, by any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor or other Agent, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry -ASSIGNMENT of a Bail Bond by any Sheriff or other Officer BAIL Common, to be filed in any Court of Law BAIL Special, to be filed in any Court of Law -

BAIL BOND taken by any Sheriff or other Officer BANKRUPTS Certificate; the Confirmation thereof, by the Lord Chancellor, or by the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal

BILL filed in any Court of Equity -

BILL filed in any Court of Equity on behalf of an Attorney, on the first Skin over and above all other Stamp Duties

CERTIFICATE by any Master of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, of I any Default of any Person, in any Suit or Proceeding before them -CERTIFICATE of the Number of Stamps appearing on the Face of any I Pleading in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer.

CHARGE or Discharge filed in any Court of Equity

'COMMISSION to take Affidavits, or Special Bail, out of any Court of Law or Equity -

COMMISSION of Bankrupt

COMMISSION of Lunacy -

COMMISSION out of any Court of Law or Equity, for the Examination of Witnesses, or taking Depositions

COMMISSION of any other Kind, out of any Court of Law or Equity, except Commissions of the Peace -

COPY attested of any Charge or Discharge filed in any Court of Equity -COPY attested of any Account or Report filed in any Cause in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer COPY of any Account dr Report filed in Chancery in the Matter of any Minor or Lunatic.

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing from any Public Office, of any Affidavit therein filed, which Copy shall be read or used in any Court of Law or Equity, except in Actions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage, or Thing claimed and demanded, shall not exceed the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings -

/ dm OIO o IO o

o 10 o

050

0 1 0

0 a 0

0 5 0

0 4 0

0 a 6

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 4 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 2 6

0 5 0

0 1 0

© 1 0

I 5 0

0 10 0

1 0 0

0 10 0

0 IO 0

0 I 0

0 3 0

0 2 6

COPY — continued.

/. d.

COPY attested of any Affidavit made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application against a Sheriff or Coroner -

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing from any Public Office, of any Bill, Answer, Demurrer, Plea, RepOcation, Rejoinder or other Pleading, or of any Interrogatories or Depositions, by Commission or otherwise, in any Court of Equity -

COPY of any Declaration in Eje&meot, or other Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court 1 of Law.

COPY of any Record to be furnished to any of the Judges, for hearing of Causes in Error in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, or in the Court of Delegates r -

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing from any Public Office, of Interrogatories, or the Depositions or Answers thereto, in any Court of Law COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Rule or Order, made or given on any Petition or Motion in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively, by way of Fiat for an Order -

COPY of any Summons, whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear or answer the Plaintiff's Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrifteri Seneschal or Steward of a Manor, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary way by Civil Bill, save fend except Seneschals or Stewards of a Manor holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall not exceed Forty Shillings COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of any Public Office, of any Decree, Dismission or Order, made in or by the Court of Chancery COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of any Public Office, of any Decree, Dismission or Order, made in or by the Court of Exchequer COPY or Extract, attested or otherwise, issuing out of any of the Public Offices, of any Record, Report or Proceeding whatsoever, in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, not otherwise charged in this Schedule COPY of any Writ, Mandate or other Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the Courts in Dublin, whether the fame be the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclesiastical Courts -

CUSTODIAM under the Seal of the Exchequer, grounded on Outlawry, in any Civil Action -

DECLARATION in any Court of Law -

DECLARATION in any Court of Law, on Behalf of an Attorney, on the first Skin, over and above all other Stamp Duties DECREE or Dismission made in or by the High Court of Chancery, written on Paper and signed by the proper Officer -

DECREE or Dismission made in or by the Court of Exchequer, written on Paper and signed by the proper Officer -

DECREE which shall be made or pronounced by, or any Warrant which shall issue under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Town Clerk or Seneschal, or by any Judge of Assize, or other Judge whatsoever, in Causes heard by Civil Bill, except Decrees by any Seneschal or Steward of a Manor, where the Debt or Damages do not exceed Forty Shillings;

WTiere the Sum decreed shall be under Five Pounds And where the Sum decreed shall amount to Five Pounds and not amount to Ten Pounds -

And where the Sum decreed shall amount to Ten Pounds or upwards -

DECREE — Renewal of a Decree or Dismiss, by whomsoever made, on any Proceeding by Civil Bill, save as aforesaid -

DEMURRER in any Court of Law -

DEMURRER in any Court of Equity -

DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of a Commission out of any Court of Equity (except the Paper Drafts thereof before the same are engrossed)

12

006

004

004

004

0 O 4

oxo

012

046

046

010

006

050

0 4 o

026

046

046

020

046

076

01 6

040 040

040

DEPOSITIONS — continued.

DEPOSITIONS in any Court of Equity, taken by the Examiner, or other proper Officer, and not by Commission (except the Paper Drafts thereof before the same are engrossed) -DEPOSITIONS to answer to any Interrogatories in any Court of Law DISMISS made or pronounced by any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister or Judge of Assize -

DISMISS made or pronounced by any Seneschal or Steward of any Manor in any Proceeding by Civil Bill, save as aforesaid EXCEPTIONS filed in any Court of Equity, for each Exception, whether alone or joined with any others or other -

EXCEPTIONS filed in the Matter of any Bankrupt or Lunatic -EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Proceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal charged in the First Part of this Schedule)

GRANT of the Custody of the Person or Estate of any Lunatic. —

- See Commission of Lunacy. INDENTURES or Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, for each Part or Indenture -

INQUISITION taken by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or by or before any Coroner or Elifor, in any Action at Law INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Law -INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Equity, or in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy -

JUDGMENT, Interlocutory, in any Court of Law in Ireland JUDGMENT (not Interlocutory), on the Entry thereof in any of the superior Courts at Dublin;

For any Sum under iool.

For 100b or upwards, and not exceeding 200l.

And for every iool. after the Sum of 200l. a further Duty of Where the Sum in such Judgment shall exceed 200l. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fra&ional Part of iool. for such fra&ional Part -

LETTERS of Guardianship under the Great Seal of Ireland ORDER or Rule made or given on any Petition or Motion in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth exceed Forty Shillings, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively in his Chamber, by way of Fiat for an Order

Except such as shall be made on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor.

PETITION, on the Entry of, in any Suit or Matter in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity -

PLEA in any Court of Law -

PLEA in any Court of Law on Behalf of any Attorney, on the first Skin, over and above all other Stamp Duties -

PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Equity, not otherwise charged in this Schedule -

PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Equity, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, filed by or on Behalf of any Attorney or Solicitor, on the first Skin, over and above all other Duties -

POSTEA

PROCESS, commonly called Process of Contempt, on each PROCESS of Contempt, on the Entry of each and every, for not appearing or for not answering, which shall be entered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, for each Defendant

RECORD of Nisi Prius

RECOGNIZANCE on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss, by whom.

soever made or pronounced in any Proceeding by Civil Bill REJOINDERrin any Court of Law

REJOINDER in any Court of Equity

REPLICATION in any Court ot Law -

REPLICATION in any Court of Equity -

d.

0 4 0

0 4 Q

0 4 O

0 X 6

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 l5 0

0 10 0

0 10 0

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 to 0

0 0 6

0 0 6

X 0 0

0 X 0

0 3 6

0 4 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 2 6

0 10 0

0 f 0

0 2 0

0 10 0

0 2 6

0 4 jO

0 4 O

0 4 O

0 4 0

C. 78. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

REPORT made by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy RULE or Order, made or given in or by any of the Courts of Law or Equity which shall be iiTued or delivered out, by the Clerk of the Rules, or other £ s. d. - 010

Officer* to the Party obtaining it And for the Entry of every such Rule or Order, in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Rules or other Officer for that Purpose, whether 010

written on One or more Sheets or Leaves - 010

RULES to plead and reply, and all other Rules, of any of the said Courts of Law, not issued as above mentioned, but which shall be entered in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, for that Purpose; for the Entry of every such Rule -SUBPCENA — See Writ. 0 I 0

SUMMONS, or Process, whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear, or answer the Plaintiff's Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Seneschal or Steward of a Manor Court, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary way by Civil Bill ----- Save and except Seneschals and Stewards of a Manor holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed 40s. 0 0 2

SUMMONS issued by any Judge of any or the lupenor Courts of Law For the Duty on the Copy of the lame. — See Copy of any Summons. 0 2 0

SUMMONS issued by any Judge of a Court of Equity Except such as shall be issued on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor. WARRANT or Summons, issued by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, or by any of the Chief or Deputy Prothonotaries of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, or by the Chief or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas in the Exchequer, or by any of the Chief or Deputy Registers of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or by any other Officer or Officers of any Court of Law or Equity, or in any other Court in Ireland, for the Purpose of proceeding to settle any Decree or Proceeding on any Order of Reference, or taxing Costs, or any other Purpose for which Summonses or Warrants are ufuafly issued by C /"V A* e'1*0 2 0

such Officers respectively -WARRANT to any Attorney to enter up a Judgment or satisfy a Judgment entered of Record in the Courts of King's Bench, Common rleas or Ex- OIO

chequer in Dublin -WARRANT of Attorney to vacate any Recognizance entered into in the Court of Chancery or in the Equity Side of tnc Court of Exchequer, and 0 2 6

any Order obtained to vacate the fame WRIT of Appeal - - - -WRIT of Covenant for levying a Fine WRIT of Entry for suffering a Common Recovery ... WRIT of Error or Certiorari, on any Appeal in any Civil Case (except from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Diocesan or Archicpifcopal Court, or from any Dismist or Decree on any Civil Billy or from any Manor 050 IOO 2 0 0 2 0 0

Court) - -WRIT of Supersedeas of a Commission of Bankrupt ... WRIT of Habere Facias Seifinam or PoJfeJ/tonemy or Writ of Restitution or IOO 0 2 6

Possession - - - O O O

WRIT, Mandate, Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, or other Process whatsoever, not other wise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the Courts in Dublin, whether the fame be the Superior Courts of Law or Equity or any of the Ecclesiastical Courts GENERAL EXEMPTIONS from all Stamp Duties. All Proceedings for or on the behalf of any Person legally admitted to sue or defend in forma Pauperis. O O

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Will* and Letters of ADMINISTRATION 5 on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; and on LEGACIE8 out of Real or Personal Estate; and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal Estate* upon Inteftacy.

PART THE THIRD.

Duty.

PROBATE of a Will or Letters of Administ ration to be granted in Ireland, and any Letter of Administration, except Administration* pendente lite, of whatever Number of Skins or Pieces of Parchment or Vellum, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper the fame may consist;

Where the Estate and Effects for or in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Administration respectively shall be granted (exclusive of tuhat the Deceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trustee for any other Perf on or Per/one, and not beneficially) shall be

of the Value of 30l. and under the Value of iool. of the Value of iool. and under the Value of 200l. of the Value of 200l. and under the Value of 300l. of the Value of 300l. and under the Value of 400k of the Value of 400l. and under the Value of 500l. of the Value of 500l. and under the Value of 6ool« of the Valtie of 600k and under the Value of 700l. of the Value of 700l. and under the Value of 800k of the Value of 800k and under the Value of 900k of the Value of 900l. and under the Value of 1, 000k of the Value of i, ooool. and under the Value of 1, 500k of the Value of 1, 50c!. and under the Value of 2, ooool» of the Value of 2, ooool. and under the Value of 3, 500k of the Value of 3, 500k and under the Value of 5, 000l. of the Value of 5, 000k and under the Value of 7, 500k of the Value of 7, 500k and under the Value of 10, 000k of the Value of io, ooook and under the Value of 12, 500k of the Value of 12, 500k and under the Value of 15, 000k of the Value of 15, 000k and under the Value of 17, 500k of the Value of 17, 500k and under the Value of 20, 000k of the Value of 20, 000k and under the Value of 25, 000k of the Value of 25, 000k and under the Value of 30, 000k of the Value of 30, 000k and under the Value of 35, 000k of the Value of 35, 000k and under the Value of 40, 000k of the Value of 40, 000k and under the Value of 45, 000k of the Value of 45, 000k and under the Value of 50, 000k of the Value of 50, 000k and under the Value of 60, 000k of the Value of 6o, ood. and under the Value of 70, 000k of the Value of 70, 000k and under the Value of 80, 000k of the Value of 80, 000k and under the Value of 90, 000k of the Value of 90, 000k and under the Value of 100, 000k of the Value of 100, cook and under the Value of 125, 000k of the Value of 125, 000k and under the Value of 150, 000k of the Value of 150, 000k and under the Value of 175, 000k of the Value of 175, 000k and under the Value of 2co, ooool. of the Value of 200, 000k and under the Value of 250, 000k of the Value of 250, 000k and under the Value of 300, 000k of the Value of 300, 000k and under the Value of 350, 000k of the Value of 350, 000k and under the Value of 400, 000k of the Value of 400, 000k and under the Value of 500, 000k of the Value of 500, 000k or upwards -

LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION, pendente lite -

Exemptions.

Letters of Administration? or Probate of the Will of the Goods, Chattels and EJfeBs of any Non Commt/fioned Officer, Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who shall be Jlain or die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors

Letters of Administration, de bonis non.

55 Geo. III. E 9

£ 9. d

0 10 0

I 10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

7 0 0

8 0 0

9 0 0

0 0

20 0 0

35 0 0

60 0 0

75 0 0

90 0 0

110 0 0

*35' 0 0

160 0 0

185 0 0

210 0 0

260 0 0

310 0 0

360 0 0

410 0 0

460 0 0

55 0 0 0

650 0 0

750 0 0

850 0 0

950 0 0

1, 200 0 0

1, 400 0 Q

i, 6co 0 0

2, 000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

3 yOOQ 0 0

3*5CQ 0 0

4, 000 0 0

5*000 0 0

6^000 0 0

5 0 Q

SCHEDULE, PART III.

Duty.

LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION — continued.

Probates that shall be taken out by any Executor coming after another Executor shall have obtained Probate of the fame

RECEIPT or Discharge for any Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, and charged upon or given out of any Real or Personal Estate, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged;

Also for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying testate or intestate, or for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Residue, devised to any> Person or Person8, of any Monies arising, or that may arise, by the Sale of any Real Estate, directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument (after deducing all Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other Charges first made payable thereout), if any;

For every iooL of the Value of any such Legacy, or Residue, or Part or Proportion of Residue, paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, and for any fractional Part thereof, over and abojre any Sum or progressive Sums of iool. the Sums following, viz. Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother oh Sifter of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased; a Duty of Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased -

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased And where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any more remote Degree of collateral Confan-

Qto the Deceased than is above described, or to or for the t of any Stranger in blood to the Deceased; or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Public Institution (except Charitable Institutions) -

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Child of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Child of the Deceased, then for every iool. of the Value thereof

Legacies, and Residues, or Shares of Residue, of any such Estate or Effects as aforesaid, given or devolving to or for the Benefit of the

afed, or to or for the Ben fit of any

Ireland, or to be applied in support of any Public Charitable Institution in Ireland.

Legacies conjijling of Books, Prints, PiSures, Statues, Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural History, or other specific Articles, which shall be given or bequeathed to or in Trust for any Body Cor- p or ate, whether Aggregate or Sole, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and preserved by such Body Corporate, Society or School, and not for the Purpose of Sale.

£ /. d.

i 5 o

2 0 0

2 10 O

5 0 0

o 10 o

Exemptions.

or Maintenance of poor Children in

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 78. a, i

SCHEDULE; — PART THE FOURTH.

Containing the Dutie. on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS, ARTICLES not stamped on VELLUM, PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FOURTH.

Duty.

VII. NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS. (£) Any Newspaper or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occur* rences -

Any Hand Bill containing a single Advertisement, not other wise charged, except Hand Bills respecting Chanties, Robberies, Murder*, Loss of Property, and Sales under Distress, Warrants, or Executions, or for Rent -

Any Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year, or for any time less than a Year -

Any Almanack or Calendar made to ferre for any longer time than a Year, or for several Years -

Any Dublin Directory

Any Army Lift (except such Lifts respectively act shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being) -

Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed or published Daily, Weekly, Monthly, or at any other time or times, as an Account or Abstract of Account of such Goods for each Day's Account, or Abstract of Days' Account contained therein, whether the fame be printed or published separately, or included in or with any other Publication, and in Proportion to the Number of Days' Accounts, or Abstracts of Days' Accounts contained in such Publications, for each and every of such Publications (except f»ch Daily or other Accounts, or Bills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by some Person or Persons authorized to print the fame by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland) -

Articles, not stamped on Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

For every Advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, Journal or Daily Accounts, to be published Weekly or oftener, or in any other printed Paper or Pamphlet dispersed or made Public Yearly, Montidy, or at any other Interval of Time, or in any Hand Bill, containing more than One Advertisement, and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council or Act of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, or the Privy Council of Ireland, which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal or Daily Account, other than the Dublin Gazette For every Pamphlet or Paper, not exceeding 6ix Sheets, Octavo, or in a lesser Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any Kind of Paper, .contained in One printed Copy or Impremon thereof, a Duty of -

Exemptions.

Advertisements published by the Trustees of Hospitals> relative to the Bujtness of such Hospitals.

Any Act of Parliament, Proclamation, Order of Council, Form of Prayer and Thanksgivings or any A3 of State which shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or by toe Lord Lieutenants or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be printed or published; or any Votes or other Matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either House of Parliament; or any Books commonly used in any of the Schools in Ireland; or any Books containing only Matters of Devotion and Piety; or any Weekly \Bills of Mortality; or any Daily Accounts, or Bills of Goods imported or exported, so as such Daily Accounts or Bills do contain no other matter than Accounts of Goods imported into or exported from Irelandf and the Parti-.culars relating to such Imports and Exports, or the Arrival or

[h) [See as to Collett ion and Management of Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, Altnanacks and Newspapers in Ireland, pof, c. 80.]

£ c 2,

£. s. d.

002

O O ol

009

076 o 0 6

o o 6

Q O I

0-2 6

0 2 0

Exemptions — continued.

Sailing of any Vessel or Vejfeh in or from any Port in Ireland, and so as the fame shall be printed and published by such Person and Persons as shall be authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being.

For any ASSURANCE or INSURANCE, viz.

For any A durance or Insurance of any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Interest whereon Insurance may be lawfully made, against Loss m any Voyage or Voyages, or from the Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of Premium, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent.

For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the I (lands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Many from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or Islands;

Where the Sum insured shall amount to 1001. or any less Sum And so progressively for every iool. so insured And where the Sum insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sum of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. for such fractional Part -

For any other Voyage, where the Sum insured shall amount to iool. or any less Sum -

And so progressively for every iool. so insured ... And where the Sam insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. for such fractional Part And where the Premium or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent. for any Voyage, then a Duty, in all cases, equal to double the Ajnount of the foregoing Duties respectively.

Any Assurance or Insurance for or upon any Sum of iool. or any lesser Sum that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Goods, Furniture, Warehouses, Merchandizes or other Property, from Loss by Fire, yearly ... And for every iool. of such Insurance, after the first Hundred, a like Sum of -

And where the Sum insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. a Duty in Proportion for such fractional Part.

And so in Proportion for any shorter Period than a Year, in all the said cases of Insurance from Loss by Fire.

For and upon every Pack of Printed, Painted or Playing Cards, made, manufactured or vended in Ireland - For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured or vended in Ireland

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Duty.

I

I

1

2 2

2

2

2

2

15

d.

3

3

3

6

6

6

6

6

o

o

SCHEDULE; — PART THE FIFTH.

ALLOWANCES.

To any Person who shall bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Stamp Office in Dublin to be stamped, qr who shall buy any Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the said Stamp Office, the Duties whereof, respectively, shall amount to Twenty Pounds or upwards save and except Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be fiamped with any Duty of Ten Pounds or upwards, or with any Number of Stamps amounting im the whole to Ten Pounds, on one Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper), an Allowance, after the Rate of One Pound and Ten Shillings, fmr every One hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so brought or stamped.

To Stationers and Shopkeepers who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts to the Amount, at one and the same time, of Five Pounds, in Consideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper stamped for Receipts, but actually and bona fide felling the fame for the Price or the Stamp Duty only. Seven Pounds Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum not under the Sum of Five Pounds; this Allowance being over and above the Allowance on the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties to the Amount of Twenty Pounds and upwards.

A.D. 1815.

s$° Georgii III.

c. 79.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to regulate the Collectlon and Management of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, Attornies. Solicitors, Proctors and Corporate Officers in Ireland. [itfhjune 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that permanent Regulations should be made for the better and more effcc-€ tual Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, and in respect of Attor- nies, Solicitors, Proctors and Corporate Officers in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Person who shall apply to be sworn or admitted an Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk or other Officer, in any Court in Ireland, in respect of whose Admission any Stamp Duty shall be payable, shall, previous to being so sworn and admitted^ produce and deliver to the proper Officer to whom be shall apply to be so admitted a Certificate signed under the Hand or Hands of some Person appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, dating that such Person has paid such Duty as shall be then by Law payable on or in respect of such Admission, and dating the Amount of such Duty, which Certificate shall remain in the Cudody of such Officer, to be used and disposed of as herein after mentioned; and that every such Officer shall keep Two Books, in each of which the Names of all Persons who after die Commencement of this Act shall be admitted by him as aforesaid, together with the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid by every such Person, according to such Certificate, shall be fairly written in due and regular Order; and such Officer shall Four times in every Year, on the Second Monday in January* the Second Monday in April, the Second Monday in July and the Second Monday- in 0 Bober, deliver or cause to be delivered, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, if the Court in which such Person shall be so. admitted shall (it or be holden in the County, or County of the City of Dublin» to such Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps; and if such Court shall fit or be holden in any other Part of Ireland, then to the Diflributorof Stamps in whose District such Court shall fit or be holden, at the Office of such Distributor one of the said Books with the Names of all Persons so admitted, and the Sums paid by them as aforesaid so written therein, together with all the said Certificates so delivered by the several Persons, if any, who shall have been so admitted in the Quarter of a Year ending on the Quarter Day preceding the Delivery of such Book; and every such Distributor shall forthwith transmit to the Stamp Office in Dublin every such Book, together with the Certificates so delivered to him therewith, and every such Book which shall be so delivered at or transmitted to the said Stamp Office in Dublin, shall be forthwith examined by an Officer appointed for that Purpose, and shall be compared with the Certificates accompanying the fame, and if they shall be found to agree, then such Officer shall certify at the Foot of the Names then entered in such Book the Number of Admissions appearing therein for the last Quarter, and that the proper Stamp Duty has been paid thereon, and thereupon such Book shall be damped with one or more Stamp or Stamps denoting the Payment of such Duty, and shall be returned without any unnecessary Delay to the proper Officer of such Court.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be bound an Apprentice to any Attorney, Proctor or Notary Public in Ireland, shall in like manner obtain, from some Person appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps, a written Certificate of his having paid the Duty which shall he by Law payable on such Indentures of Apprenticeship at the time of executing the fame; which Certificate shall be lodged with the proper Officer of the Court in which such Indentures mall be enrolled, or of the Court, or One of the Courts, to which the Matter of such Apprentice shall belong, or, in the case of Notaries, with the Registrar of the Court of Prerogative; and the Officer or Officers of such Court is and are hereby required to take Charge of and keep such Certificate, so that the fame may and shall be produced and read in open Court before any such Person shall be admitted to be an Attorney, Proctor or Notary, and shall be produced to a Matter of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, before any such Person shall be admitted and fwora a Solicitor in the said Court of Chancery as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person, in respect of whose Admission any Stamp Duty shall be payable, shall be capable of practising or acting as an Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk or other Officer in any Court whatsoever 10 Ireland, under or by virtue of any Admission made after the Commencement of this Act, nor shall such Admission be valid or effectual, unless his Name shall appear so written in the said Books required by this Act to be kept as aforesaid, or in such of them as shall from time to time be in the Possession of the proper Officer of the Court, and shall be duly stamped as aforesaid; and that no such Officer of any Court shall deliver the fame Book in Two successive Quarters, but that One of the said Books shall be delivered as aforesaid in January and in July, and the other of the said Books in April and in October, so as that, such of the said Books as shall from time to time remain in the Hands of the proper Officer of the Court shall appear to have been inspected and damped at the Stamp Office in its Turn.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Books shall be kept so as to agree as nearly as possible with each other, and that whenever any such Book shall be returned from the Stamp Office as aforesaid to the proper Officer of the Court, he shall forthwith cause to be fairly and regularly entered therein the Names of all Persons admitted in such Court while such Book was out of his Possession, so as to correspond in that respect with the other of the said Books which remained in his Possession; and if any such Officer of any Court shall neglect or omit so to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such Book as aforesaid, together with such Certificates conformable thereto, at the times and in manner hereinbefore required, he shall, for such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if such Officer shall wilfully deface or destroy any such Book, or make any

Ante, c. 78.

On Admission of Advocate*, 8lc, they shall produce Certificate of Payment of Duty to Ad-, mining Officer, who shall enter Names, &c. in Books, one of which transmitted quarterly to Stamp Office to be stamped with proper Duty, and returned to Of* ficer.

Like Certificate of Payment of Duty on Articles of Clerk-Gup.

No Person admitted whose Name does not appear in Books.

Books of Ad-million truly kept.

[Penalty.]

2 14

Defacing, &c. Penalty.

A atomies n.)t to practise except in Court* where iworn* &c.

Annual Certificate of pra^ tiling Attorniet, &c.

'Certifi.ate* when lo be-r Date and when to cease.

Entry of Certificates on Rolls of each Court where Solicitor -or Attorney pradlifes.

Fee.

Attorniet pmc-tifing without Certificate.

'Delivering ialfe, &c. Residence, &c.

[Penalty.]

Attorney nn-I werable for Acts done in his Name unless set aside.

Cffibers not to permit Attorney to practise till hi

C. 79. 5g° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

any false Entry therein, or shall, without the Order of the Court, erase or alter any Entry therein, , or shall knowingly permit or suffer any of the said Matters to be done, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall be for ever after incapable of holding any Office under His Majesty in any wise connected with the Administration of Suffice.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney shall practise in his own Name, or in the Name of any Other Attorney in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, or m any Court of Record whatsoever in Inland, iir which Attornies are admitted, except only in such Court or Courts in which he shall actually have been admitted* and sworn an Attorney, on pain of the Person so practising being rendered incapable of being sworn or practising as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in Ireland; and every Attorney who shall so practise in any Court in which he shall not have been admitted and sworn an Attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the Cods of any Proceedings carried on by him in any Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person admitted, sworn, enrolled and registered as a Solicitor or Attorney, or as a Proctor, Agent or Procurator in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland\ or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or more, shall annually before he shall .commence, carry on or defend any Action, Suit or Proceeding whatsoever, in any of the said Courts, delivrir or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or to some Officer or Officers appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, a Paper or Note in Writing containing the Name and usual Place of Reftdence of such Person, and dating whether he has been so admitted Three Years or not, and thereupon and upon Payment of the Duties which shall then be by Law imposed on him as such Solicitor, Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, according to the time he has been admitted as dated in such Paper or Note in Writing, every such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate duly damped, to denote the Payment of the said Duty by him, describing him in such Certificate according to the Description contained in the said Note so given in by him, which Certificate the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, shall cause to be immediately issued under the Hand and Name of the proper Officer in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall devise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate issued to any Solicitor or Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procurator under the Directions of this Act, shall bear Date on the Day on which the same shall be issued, and shall commence and be of force on and from the Day of issuing the fame, or on and from the First Day of January next following, according as the Person obtaining the same shall desire, and every such Certificate shall cease and determine on the First Day of January next after the Day on which the same shall so commence and be of force.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Annual Certificate so to be obtained as aforesaid shall be produced in every Court in which the Person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn or registered, to some Officer or Officers of the said Court, to be appointed for that Purpose by the Judges of the said Courts respectively, before such Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, shall be permitted to practise as aforesaid, and every such Officer so to be appointed shall and he is hereby required from time to time upon the Production of such Annual Certificate duly damped, and upon the Payment 01 the Fee of One Shilling, to enter in its Order alphabetically the Name of the Person described in such Annual Certificate, together with the Place of such his Residence and the time he has been admitted as aforesaid, and the Date of such Annual Certificate in a Book or Roll to be prepared for that Purpose, to all which Books or Rolls in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may at all reasonable times have free Access, without Fee or Reward.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person or Persons sue out any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, carry on or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceeding as an Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator in any of the Courts aforesaid, without having obtained such annual Certificate which shall be then in force, and caused the Matters therein dated to be entered in such Court, in such manner as hereinbefore is directed; or shall deliver in to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or to the Officer to be appointed by them for the Purpose of issuing, granting or register-ing such Annual Certificate, any false or fictitious Place of Residence, or any false or fictitious Statement of his having been admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, or of the time when be shall have been so admitted 5 every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward or Di(bursement, on account of prosecuting, carrying on or defending any such Action, Suit or Proceeding.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, in whose Name, either singly or together with that of any other Person or Persons, any Writ or Process shall be sued out, or any Action, Suit or Proceeding shall be commenced, prosecuted, carried on or -defended in any of the said Courts, shall on any Trial or Hearing whatsoever, whether for or relating to any Penalty under this Act, or for or relating to any other Purpose whatever, be deemed and taken to have so sued out such Writ or Process, or to have so commenced, prosecuted, carried on or defended such Action, Suit or Proceeding; unless previous to such Trial or Hearing such Writ, Process or Proceeding shall have been set aside by the Court on Examination into the Fa&s on Oath, and not by Consent, as having been so sued out, commenced, prosecuted, earned on or defended without the Directions, Privity or Permission of the Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator in whose Name such Writ or Process shall be sued out, or such Action, Suit or Proceeding shall have been commenced, carried on or defended.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of any Court whatsoever shall suffer any Writ or Process to be issued or sued out or any Action or Suit to be commenced, prosecuted, carried on or defended, or

14 jsjij

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 79. 215

any Proceeding had or taken in or from his Office, in the Name of any Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent obtained or Procurator, either singly or together with any other Person or Persons, unless such Attorney, Solicitor, Certificate. Proctor, Agent or Procurator shall have previously obtained such annual Certificate as aforesaid, which shall be then in force, and shall have caused the Matters therein stated to be entered in such Court 5 and if any such Officer shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it Penalty.

shall not be necessary in any Proceeding for the Recovery of such Penalty to prove that any such Officer was himself personally concerned in any of the Matters aforesaid, but it shall be sufficient that such Offence was committed in his Office or Department.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Appearance for any Defendant or Defendants in the Court Appearance*

of Chancery in Ireland, shall be entered in the Office of the Registrar of the said Court, in a Book to be

there kept for that Purpose, and that any Appearance in any other Office, or in other manner, shall be ficate fied wUl»"

null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that such Registrar, as also the proper Officer in pleading.

whose Office any such Appearance shall be entered in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, or in any

of the Courts of Common Law or Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, shall for every such Appearance receive the

Sum of Five pence, and no more, and shall thereupon give a Certificate of such Appearance, which Certificate

shall be annexed to, and filed together with, the First Answer, Plea, Demurrer or other Pleading, of what

Nature or Blind soever, which shall be thereafter put in, in such Cause, by or on behalf of the Party so

appearing; and if any such Answer, Plea, Demurrer or other Pleading shall be filed without having such

Certificate annexed thereto, then any Officer receiving or filing the fame, and also the Solicitor in whose

Name the same shall be filed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum of Ten Pounds each. Penalty.

XIII. And be it further en^&ed, That a Merorandum of every Petition to the Court of Chancery in Entering Me-Ireland shall, before delivering the same to the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor or to the Person then moran acting as such Secretary, or on his behalf, be entered in the Office of the Registrar of the said Court in a petition in Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, for which Entry such Registrar shall receive a Fee of One Shilling £^ancery* and no more, and such Registrar shall thereupon certify at the Foot of such Petition that the fame is (o tc* entered, and if such Secretary or Person acting as or on behalf of such Secretary, shall receive any such Petition without such Certificate at the Foot thereof, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and any Order made on such Petition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes Penalty, whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Six Clerk in the Court of Chancery, or any Attorney or Attornie»,c- Solicitor or any Proctor in any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court in Ireland, or any other Person what- not paying Sump soever, shall charge to or receive from the Plaintiff or Defendant, Promovant or Impugnant in any Suit, or to cKarged

or from any other Person whatsoever, on any Occasion, the Amount of any Stamp Duty, and shall not have them* actually made use of or issued or filed the Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record,

Instrument or Proceeding, for which such Charge shall be made, or such Amount shall be received, duly stamped with the Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time of so using, issuing or filing the fame, such Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Prodtor or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Penalty. '

One hundred Pounds 5 and if any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Person shall charge to Charging wither receive from any Plaintiff or Defendant, Promovant or Impugnant or other Person, any Sum as and for out Specify»ng the Cost, Expence or charge of or for any Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order,

Record, Instrument or Proceeding, and shall not at the same time charge, demand or receive as Part of such 1°tlult*

Sum a separate and distinct Sum expressly as and for the Amount of the Stamp Duty on such Warrant,

Writ, Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding, such Six Clerk,

Attorney, Solicitor or Proctor shall thereupon, and without further Evidence, be deemed and taken to have made use of, issued or filed such Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Iu-strument or Proceeding, without the fame having been duly stamped, and shall be liable to all and every Penalty and Penalties provided in such case, and no Evidence to the contrary thereof shall be received.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Bill of Costs shall be taxed in any of His Majesty's Charge by Skin Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland in which there shall be any Charge or Charges for drawing, or for Equity for engrossing on Parchment any Bills, Answers, or other Equity Pleadings in the said Courts respectively, ^1re^in which shall be engrossed or written, or filed in either of the said Courts, or for drawing or engrossing any of SSt°mps Deed or Deeds, the Officer who shall tax such Bill of Costs shall tax the Charges for drawing and engrossing and Costs taxed such Bills, Answers and other Pleadings, or such Deeds respectively, so as not to exceed the usual Charge by in Chanrery ao the Skin according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps actually appearing on such Pleadings or cording.

Deed respectively; and such Officer, if the Bill of Costs to be taxed be in a Cause in the Court of Chancery,

shall signify at the Foot of such Bill of Costs that the Number and Amount of Stamps appearing on the

Pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the Deputy Matter or Keeper of the Rolls of the

Court of Chancery, or his Deputy; and if such Bill of Costs be in a Cause in the Court of Exchequer, or

if any Deed shall be charged for therein, the Officer who shall tax the fame, shall signify at the Foot of such

Bill that he hath inspected the Engrossment of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Costs, or the Original

Deed so charged for 5 and in case such Officer respectively who shall tax such Bill of Costs as aforesaid shall Officer tiling

neglect or refuse to apply to the Clerk of the Rolls for such Certificate as aforesaid, or to inspect the Bl11* Cort*

Engrossment of the Pleadings, or of the Deeds or Deed mentioned in such Bill of Costs, or shall neglect or "!a*d foVCer-

refuse to tax the Charges for drawing or engrossing such Bills, Answers or other Pleadings or Deeds in tificate, &c.

manner hereinbefore directed, every such officer so neglecting or refusing respectively as aforesaid shall forfeit Penalty.

f6r every such Neglect or Refusal the Sum of Ten Pounds; and in case the Deputy Matter or Keeper of Deputy Matter

the Rolfs of the Court of Chancery shall uegledt or refuse to inspect and certify the Number and Amount neg, e

2, 1.6

tify Number, fee. of Stamps, Penalty. Forfeitures how enforce^.

Whit Bills, ttc. Act not to extend to.

Charges on Copies of Affidavits.

[Penalty.]

Affidavits

ft.imped on each Side.

Transcripts of Records in Exchequer Chamber. Records, &c. wriuqi in usual way.

Attested Copies of Depositionr, Jcc. in Equity.

In what case attested Copies doubly damped.

In what case Depositions not read.

[Penalty.]

Penalty. Number of Sheets marked on attested Copies of Pleadings.

[Penalty.]

None but attested Copies of Records, 5cc. given by Oftictrs, See.

C. 79. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

of Stamps appearing on every such Pleading as aforesaid to the proper Officer of such Court, upon being applied to him for that Purpose, such Deputy Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls shall, for every such Neglea or Refusal, 'forfeit in like manner the Sum of Ten Pounds 5 which said several Forfeitures, together with the Colls of recovering the fame, shall as to the Pleadings and Proceedings in the said Courts be enforced in 1 summary way, upon Motion by Order of the said Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, upon Complaint made to them respectively against any Officer wjio shall be guilty of any such Neglect or Refusal, and shall enure to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and as to Deeds shall be recovered as other Penalties under this Act.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to the Charge to be made for engrossing any Bill, Answer or other Pleading in Equity, or Deed, the whole Con-tents of which shall not amount to the Number of Two thousand one hundred and sixty Words.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Copy of every Affidavit which shall be read in any Court whatever in Ireland, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as that the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper shall not be deemed more than One Sheet, according to the manner in which the Officers of the Courts in which such Affidavit shall be respectively filed charge by the Sheet for such Affidavit 5 and if any Officer of any Court shall charge or demand for the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Copy of such Affidavit shall be written, more than the Fees to which he would be entitled for One Sheet, according to the Course of the Court in which such Affidavit shall be filed, he shall, for every such Charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pouojcb, with Treble Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where more than One Side or Page of any Sheet of Paper tail be stamped or marked with the Duties which ffrall then be by Law charged on the Paper on which such Copy of an Affidavit shall be written, each Side or Page so marked or stamped shall be deemed a separate Sheet or Piece of Paper within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of every Act in force from time to time, for the Imposing, Collection or Management any Stamp Duty, unless the contrary shall be expressly declared.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Record, or Transcript of a Record, to be brought hi to the

present Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ir elandy shall, when copied for the Judges or others, be copied in like manner as in the former Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.',

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings and other Proceedings in the Courts

of Law and Equity, and Ecclesiastical Courts, Courts of Admiralty, and all other Courts in Ireland, and all Office Copies thereof respectively, which shall from time to time be charged with any Stamp Duty, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as they usually have been accustomed to be written, save as is or may be otherwise provided by Law. '

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every attested Copy of any Interrogatory or Interrogatories, or DepoTition or Depositions, in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, shall be signed by the Examiners of the said Courts respectively, and every such Examiner shall date and appoint in Writing, at the Foot of every such attested Copy, whether the fame is to be read by or on the Part of any Complainant or Plaintiff, or by or on the Part of any Defendant, in the Suit in which such Interrogatories or Depositions shall have been taken 5 and it shall not be lawful for any such Complainant or Plaintiff to read or give in Evidence any Copy of such Interrogatories or Depositions which shall be so appointed to be read on behalf of any Defendant in such Suit 5 nor for any Defendant to read or give in Evidence any such Copy which shall be lb appointed to be read on behalf of the Complainant, unless the fame respectively shall be doubly stampedany Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Deposition shall be entered as read on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant respectively, until the Officer entering the same shall have inspected the Copy from which the fame \Vas so read, and have seen that the fame was either doubly stamped, or duly appointed as aforesaid, to be read for the Party so desiring to enter the fame; and if any such Officer shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Six Clerk in the Court of Chancery, or toy Attorney in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, shall read on behalf of any Plaintiff any Copy so appointed to be read on the Part of the Defendant or Defendants, the fame not being doubly stamped as aforesaid, or shall read on behalf of any Defendant any Copy appointed to be read on the Part of the Plaintiff, the fame not being doubly*stamped as aforesaid, any such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; u

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court of Law or Equity in Iitlmmd

shall make out, attest or deliver any attested Copy of any Pleading or Proceeding of any nature or kind whatever in such Court, such Officer shall in the Book in which Entry shall be made of any such Pleading or Proceeding mark in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which such Copy shall consist, and shall in like manner mark on the Back of every such Copy the Number of Office Sheets contained therein, and if such Officer shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall, for every such Neglect or Omission, forfeit the Sub* of Twenty Pounds.>

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Officer of iny Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, shall give or deliver, or cause or permit to be given or dftivered* to any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Copy or Extract of any Pleading, Proceeding, Record or Document filed or remaining in such Court, or in any Office thereunto belonging, unless such Copy or Extract shall be duly attested, ' and that no such Officer shall attest any such Copy, unless the Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which the same shall be written shall be dnly stamped in such manner as shall be then by Law required for such attested Copy or Extract $ and that no such Officer shall permit any Person whatsoever to write, or take

11 down

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 79.

down in Writing, any Copy or Extract of or from any such Pleading, Proceeding, Record or Document, unless such Person shall so write or take down the fame on Paper, Parchment or Vellum duly stamped in such manner as shall be then by Law required for such Copy or Extra6l when duly atteiled; and if any such Officer shall give, or deliver, or attest, or shall knowingly cause or permit to be given, or delivered, or atteiled, or written, any such Copy or Extract, contrary to the Directions of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds. 7 Pe"*

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any Person shall require Sumps for that any Copy of any Record, Document, Proceeding, Matter or Thing whatsoever, which shall have been Copies required made and attested by the proper Officer of any Court, shall be again attested by the proper Officer, and in to* respect of which atteiled Copy any Stamp Duty shall be payable, greater in Amount than was paid or payable at the time of such Fim Attestation, it shall apd may be lawful to and for the proper Officer so again

to attest such Copy, if the same shall have thereon, and on the several and respective Sheets thereof, due and lawful Stamps to the Amount of the Duties payable thereon at the time of such Request, although any such.

Copy may have been before attested by the proper Officer for the time being, and though such Stamps, or any of them, shall have been on such Copy at the time of such former Attestation, and may have been the Stamps or Stamp in respect whereof such former Attestation was made, and every Copy so attested, on Stamps to the proper Amount respectively, shall be deemed to be duly stamped to all Intents and Purposes 5 and if any Copy of any such Record, Document, Proceeding, Matter or Thing, having any Stamps thereon, shall be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin to be farther damped, then ^nd in every such case, if such Copy shall appear to have been previously attested, and to have had any Stamp or Stamps thereon, at the time of such previous Attestation, such other and further Stamps shall be impressed thereon as shall be required by the Person so bringing the same, such Person first paying the Amount of such Stamps; and in such case the Officer to whom the lame shall be produced at the said Stamp Office shall draw a Line across such former Attestation, and shall write the Initials of his Name, and the Date of the Month and Year, under the fame, and thereupon such Copy shall never after be read or used by virtue of such Attestation, nor until such Copy shall be again atteiled by the proper Officer at feme time subsequent to the fame being so damped; and if fu$h Copy so to be brought to such Stamp Office shall not appear to have been previously attested, then such Stamp or Stamps as shall be required by the Person bringing the same shall be impressed thereon, he or she first paying the Amount thereof 5 and if any such Officer as aforesaid shall impress any Stamp on any such Copy so formerly attested, and shall not in manner aforesaid draw a Line across such Attestation, and write his Initials under the same as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or Clerk belonging or that shall hereafter belong Signing Writ* to the Court of King's Bench, Court of Common Pleas, or Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, for Arrest who shall sign any Writ or Process before Judgment to arrest any Person or Persons thereupon, shall at the

time of signing thereof set down upon such Writ or Process the Day and Year of signing the fame, which shall be entered upon the Remembrance Roll, or in the Book wherein the Abstra& of such Writ or Process shall be entered, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Clerk Penalty, as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, when any Person whatsoever shall desire to have any Judgment Duty on Entry'marked or any other Entry whatsoever made in or upon any Record, Book or Roll of any Court of Justice p*Wto Officer in Ireland, in respect of which Entry any Stamp Duty shall be payable, and shall not produce a Certificate of ra*rkin8 fr"*0-having paid such Stamp Duty where such Certificate is required by Law, such Person shall, over and above

the Fee, if any, payable for such Entry of such Judgment or other Matter, pay to the Officer whom he shall

so require to make such Entry, the Amount of such Duty, and such Officer shall afterwards pay over such.1

Duty in manner herein after mentioned; and if any such Officer shall make or suffer to be made any such En-.

try without Production of such Certificate when required, or without having received the Amount of such

Stamp Duty thereon where such Officer is to receive such Stamp Duty, such Officer shall be responsible for

such Duty, and be bound to pay over the fame in manner hereafter provided, in the same manner, in all re-

spe&s, as if he had actually received such Duty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Officer who shall have the Custody of any Book wherein Duplicate kept Judgment shall be entered in Ireland, shall keep and have a Duplicate of every such Book wherein all such of Judgment Entries of Judgments shall be truly copied, and shall in Consideration thereof be entitled to have and receive Books* from the Person entering any such Judgment, a Fee of Six pence over and above all other Fees, if any charge- Foe.

able thereon*

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of every Court of Justice, which shall be held or Stamping Books Audi fit in the County or County of the City of Dubltn> having the legal Custody of the several Records, Rolls of Court*.

or Books belonging to such Court respectively, or of any of them, wherein any such Entry whatever shall be made relating to the Rules or other Proceedings, Process or Judgments of such Courts, shall, within Ten Days after the First Day of each and every Term, produce and bring every Duplicate Book of the Entry of Judgments required to be kept as hereinbefore mentioned, and every original Record, Roll or Book of any of the said other Entries, to some Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin; and every such Officer so bringing any such Record, Roll or Book, shall insert therein, immediately after the lad Entry therein, at the time of producing the fame, a Certificate duly signed by him, stating the Number of such Entries made thereon or therein in the Term and Vacation immediately preceding, as are subject by Law to any Stamp Duty or Duties, and every such Officer shall thereupon par the full Amount of all such Stamp Duties as shall be then by Law payable for or in respect of all such Entries therein respectively, and every such Record, Roll or Book shall thereupon be damped respectively 55 Geo. III. F f with

ai8

Officer neglecting, See,

Penally.

Stamp Duty placed on Entry of Judgments.

Officer not (taring in Entry Amount of Judgment.

[Penalty.]

Stamps on Pro-cesses to enforce Appearances.

[Penalty.]

Process of Attachment in Chancery, &c.

[Proviso.]

C. 79. 55° GEORGII III. AJ).i£»y.

with some Stamp or Stamps denoting the full Amount of the whole of the Stamp Duties which shall be then paid, in respect of the several Entries so made therein respectively, in such preceding Term and Vacation, which Stamp or Stamps shall be as few in Number as can conveniently be, to denote the full Payment of the Amount of the said Duties in Pounds, Shillings and Pence, and shall be placed in the fame Page or Place on which the Certificate of such Officer shall be written as aforesaid; and if any Officer of the said Courts shall neglect or omit to bring any such Record, Roll, Book, or to furnish such Certificate therein, or pay such Duties as aforesaid, or shall make any false Entry or Copy, or omit to make any tru* Entry or Copy, in any such Duplicate Book of Judgments, then and in every such case every such Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and in such case whenever such Record, Roll or Book shall be produced at the said Stamp Office, if such Certificate shall not appear therein, the proper Officer at the said Stamp Office shall himself make the said Certificate, and on Payment of the Duties thereby appearing to be due, the said Record, Roll or Book shall be duly stamped as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court shall mark any Judgment not interlocutory, whether for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or for the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, the Amount of the Sum, if any, to be recovered thereby, whether in respect of Debt, Damages or Cods, shall be dated in the said Entry thereof, so far as the same shall be then ascertained, in order that the Stamp Duty payable in respect thereof may be then calculated and paid, and be afterwards accounted for and paid over by such Officer as aforesaid 5 and if on any such Judgment, whether for Plaintiff or Defendant, Cods shall be recoverable, and the Amount of such Cods shall not be then ascertained, then a Blank shall be left for the Amount of such Cods, whether Single, Double or Treble; and as soon as the said Cods shall be ascertained and before any Record shall be made up or Execution issued on such Judgment, such Blank shall be filled up with the Amount of such Cods, and the Person requiring such Entry, if Cods only shall be recovered in such Judgment, shall pay the Stamp Duty in respect of such Amount 5 and if Debt and Damages, or Debt or Damages also be made recoverable therein, then such Person shall pay the Difference between the Stamp Duty, if any, theretofore paid as aforesaid, in respect of such Debt and Damages, or Debt or Damages, and the Duty payable in respect of the whole Amount adjudged; and if by any means such Stamp Duty shall not have been theretofore paid, then the Person requiring such Entry shall pay to such Officer the whole Stamp Duty payable in respect of the entire Sum adjudged, and such Officer shall in any of the said cases fill up the said Duplicate Book, and account for and pay over the Sums so received by him in manner aforesaid; and if any such Judgment shall have been so marked or entered on or previous to the last Day of the Term immediately preceding the filling up of such Blank, then such Officer when he shall be so required to fill up such Blank, and before he shall fill up the fame, shall enter a Memorandum thereof in his Book, in the same Place as if such Memorandum were a Judgment entered on that Day, and such Memorandum shall date the Amount of such Cods, and shall refer to the Judgment so previousy marked and then about to be filled up, so that the fame may immediately be found by such Reference, and a Reference to such Memorandum shall also be made in the Margin of such Judgment; and when such Officer shall afterwards certify, in the Duplicate of such Book, the Amount of the Stamp Duties for the Term and Vacation next preceding as aforesaid, he shall include therein the Duty so payable on the filling up of such Blank as aforesaid 5 and if any Officer shall mark or enter any such Judgment without dating therein the Amount of the Sum recoverable thereby, so far as the same shall be then ascertained, or shall issue or differ to be issued any Execution on any such Judgment, or shall suffer any Record thereof to be made up before full Entry shall have been made, of the Sum to be recovered by such Judgment as aforesaid, or shall omit to make such Memorandum as aforesaid, every such Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Process which shall be entered or obtained to enforce the Appearance or Appearances of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, or to enforce the Answer or Answers of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Equity in Ireland, shall be engrossed and made out upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped with the Duty which shall be then payable upon such Process; and in case the Officer or Officers who shall enter or cause such Process to be entered as aforesaid, shall neglect to have such Process made out as aforesaid, he and they shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Ten Pounds, which Sum shall be enforced in a summary way upon Motion by Order of the Court in which such Process shall be entered, together with the Cods of so recovering the Lme.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Writ of Attachment, Alias Pluries, Proclamation, Commission of Rebellion, Serjeant at Arms, or Sequestration, which shall issue in or from the Court of Chancexj in Ireland shall be entered in the Office of the Regidrar of the said Court, and that such Regidrar and also the proper Officer for entering such Writs in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, shall receive a Fee of Six pence and no more, for every such Writ which shall be so entered by him, and shall certify such Entry on the Back of such Writ, and that every such Writ shall be so entered and issued before the Return Day thereof, and not afterwards; and that none of the said Writs, after the said Writ of Attachment, shall be so entered or issued, unhfs all the preceding Writs in the Order aforesaid shall previousy have been actually and duly entered and iilucd as aforesaid; and that no Order, Decree or Proceeding shall be made or taken in or by either of the fad Courts grounded on any such Writ or Process, nor shall such Court take any Notice of ih? Exigence of any such Writ, until such Writ and the Certificate of the Entry thereof, shall have been produced and read to such Court v Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Officers respi ctively, to flue any such Writ or Writs at any time after the Return or Returns thereof nspectively, so as the lame shall be done under an Order specially made for that Purpose by the Court either on Consent of Parties or on the particular cireum(lances of the case, and that every such Order shall be liable to a Duty equal to the full Amount of the Stamp Duties payable'on each and every Writ

15 which

55° GEORGII

C. 79. 219

mined before Regillry or Enrolment.

Which shall or by Possibility may be issued under the Authority thereof, and that in stich case, any Writ which shall be afterwards issued under such Order shall have a Memorandum written on the Face of such Writ referring to such Order as the Authority for issuing the fame, and signed by the proper Officer for affixing such Writ, and thereupon such Writ shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty; and if any of the aforesaid Writs shall be issued without having been so entered, the same shall be void to all Intents and Purposes, and each and every Person concerned in so issuing the fame, and any Person who shall make any Charge for the fame, in any Bill of Costs or otherwise, and also the Officer from whose Office the same shall be so issued, shall forfeit and pay a Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling.'Penalty.

XXXIII. And be .it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court of Law or Equity or of Officers, &c.

any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court in Ireland, shall certify, subscribe, engross or write any attested Copy, using forged or any other Matter whatsoever in any wise relating to the Business of such Court in respect of which any un]efs

Stamp Duty shall be payable, and whenever any Six Clerk in Chancery, or any Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, office or o?* Agent, Procurator, Notary Public or Scrivener, shall cause any Pleading, Order or Proceeding whatsoever, some Distributor in respect whereof any Stamp Duties shall be payable, to be filed in any such Court, or shall by himself, his or Person duly Clerks, Agents or Servants prepare or cause to be prepared or written or engrossed, any Deed, Instrument licensed.

or Writing in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be payable; and in case it shall happen that the Vellum,

Parchment or Paper upon which such attested Copy or other Matter, Pleading, Order or Proceeding, Deed,

Instrument or Writing shall be written or engrossed, shall be stamped or marked with a false, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, every such Officer, Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Procurator, Proctor,

Notary Public or Scrivener respectively, shall, for every such false, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency, unless he shall prove that the Vellum, Parchment Penilty. or Paper so damped or marked was bought with the Stamps or Marks thereon at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or of some Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps, or of some Person licensed to fell Stamps.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Deed or other Instrument which shall be subject Stamps exa-to any Stamp Duty whatsoever shall be delivered for Registry to the Registrar or Deputy Registrar for registering Deeds in Ireland, or shall be delivered for Enrollment to any Officer of any of His Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin, or to any Clerk of the Peace or other Person entrusted to enroll Deeds in Ireland, such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Person shall, before the same shall be so registered or enrolled respectively, examine carefully such Deed and the Stamp thereon, for which Examination the Person actually making the same, whether Principal or Deputy, shall receive for his own proper Use from the Person so delivering such Deed or Instrument, a Sum or Fee of Six pence and no Fee. more, over and above all other lawful Fees, and if such Deed shall not be damped with a proper and legal Stamp, to denote the Payment of the Duty which shall appear to be payable thereon, such Registrar or such Person shall not suffer such Deed to be registered or enrolled respectively, until the same shall be duly damped 5 and if any such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Person, shall offend herein, h$ shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Memorial shall be received for Registry by any such Registrar, Officer not to or Deputy Registrar, in Ireland, unless he shall receive at the same time the Deed or other Instrument required rfce, ve Memo-to be registered thereby 5 and if any such Registrar or Deputy Registrar shall receive such Memorial without such Deed or other Instrument, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. ferred to?

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no attested Copy of any Final Judgment which shall have Penalty, been entered in Ireland before the Commencement of this Act, and which shall have required a Stamp, shall Certificate of be given or received in Evidence, unless the Officer attesting the same shall certify, not only that the fame is a Judgment being true Copy of such Judgment, but that such Judgment has been duly damped as aforesaid respectively; and stamped*

if any Officer shall certify the fame falsely, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds. Peilail/*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, if any Person or Persons shall be arrested by virtue of any StaP, ns Writ or Process of any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, at the Suit of any common Bai^after Person, and the Sheriff of other Officer shall take Bail from such Person against whom such Writ or Process Execution shall issue, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Request and Cost of the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, or of thereof.

[Proviso.]

his lawful Attorney, shall duly assign to the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, the Bail Bond or other Security taken from such Bail by Endorsement according to Law; and also when and so often as it shall become necessary for any Sheriff or other Officer in Ireland, naving Authority to grant Replevins, to assign any Bail Bond of any Plaintiff in Replevin to the Avowant or Defendant in such Action, then and in every of the said cases such Assignment may be made without any Stamp: Provided nevertheless, that no Action shall be brought under any Assignment until the same shall have been first duly damped with such Stamp as shall be then by Law required for such Assignment, and the said several Alignments shall, on Application at the Stamp Office in Dublin, at any time before any Action be brought thereupon, be duly stamped, in such manner as shall be then required by Law, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum, save only the Duty which shall be then payable thereon.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in all cases On Sale of Proof the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or Personal, or of any Right, peny, Purchase Title, Interest or Claim, in, to, out of or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property

where a Duty is or shall be from time to time imposed on the Conveyance thereof, in Proportion to the Amount trui e^t f0/th?n of the Purchase or Consideration Money therein or thereupon expressed, the full Purchase or Consideration Conveyance* Money, which shall be directly or indirectly paid or secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, shall be truly &c. expressed and set forth in Words at length in or upon the Principal or only Deed or Instrument, whereby the Land or other Thing fold shall be granted, assigned, transferred, released, renounced or otherwise conveyed to


[Penalty.]

220

Futchafert, «rc making Default. Penalty.

Debt to The King.

Parties liable to Penalties informing against others indemnified and rewarded.

Where Consideration not truly set forth, Purchaser may recover back so much of Confide ration Money as shall not be Hated.

Attornies, &c. not infer ting full and ti ue Consideration in Conveyance, &c.

[Penalty.]

Dut not to attach uni el's Duty paid less than Duty payable on full Consideration.

In case of Duplicates of Mortgages, &c. on Sole, One Part only charged with ad valorem Duty.

C. 79. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

or vetted in the Purchaser or Purchasers, or to or in any other Person or Persons by his, her or their Direction* and also where upon the Sale of any Annuity, Easement, Servitude or other Right, not before fa Existence, the same shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract or other Security, the full Purchase or Consideration Money which shall be directly or indirectly paid or secured or agreed to be paid for the same, shall be truly expressed and set forth in Words at length, in or upon the Bond or other Instrument or Instruments by which the same shall be secured; and if in any of the said cases the full Purchase or Consideration Money shall not be truly expressed and set forth in manner hereby directed, the Purchaser or Purchasers, Seller or Sellers shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be charged and chargeable with, and be holden liable to the Payment of Five times the Amount of the Excess of Duty, which would have been payable for such Deed, Bond or other Instrument as aforesaid, in respect of the full Purchase or Consideration Money, in case the fame had been truly expressed and set forth in or upon such Deed, Bond or Instrument, beyond the Amount of the Duty actually paid for the same, which Quintuple Duty shall be deemed and taken to be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Party or Parties respectively hereby made liable to pay the same, and may be recovered by a summary Application to the Court of Exchequer against such Party or Parties, or any one or more of them, in like manner as any unpaid Stamp Duty may be recovered under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament made or to be made in that behalf.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either of the Parties hereby made liable to the Payment of such Penalty and Quintuple Duty as aforesaid, shall give Information to the Commissioners of Stamps whereby such Penalty or Quintuple Duty, or any Part thereof, shall be recovered from any other Party or Parties liable thereto, the Party or Parties giving the Information shall not only be indemnified and discharged of and from such his, her or their Liability, but shall also be rewarded by the Commifi sioners of Stamps out of the Penalty or Quintuple Duty so recovered, to such Extent as the said Commissionert shall think proper, but not exceeding One Half of what shall be so recovered; and where any other Person shall give Information whereby such Penalty or Quintuple Duty shall be recovered, he or she shall be rewarded in the like manner. J 0

XL. And be it further enacted, That where the full Purchase or Consideration Money shall not be truly expressed or set forth in the manner hereby directed, it shall be lawful for the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any of them, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, to recover back from the Seller or Sellers, his, her or their Executors ojr Administrators, so much and such Part of such Purchase or Consideration Money as shall not be expressed and set forth as aforesaid, or the whole thereof, if no Part of the same shall be so expressed and set forth, either in an Action for Money had and received for the Use of the Party or Parties suing for the fame, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, together with Double the Costs of Suit; but such Purchase or Conveyance shall not therefore be affected or impeached for any Want or Inadequacy of Consideration, but the same shall be of the fame Force, Validity and Effect, as if the Sum so recovered had been expressed in the Deed or other Conveyance as the Consideration or Part of the Consideration thereof, and had been duly paid and retained accordingly.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney, Solicitor or other Person, who shall be employed in or about the preparing of any such Deed, Bond or other Instrument in or upon which the full Purchase or Consideration Money is hereby required to be truly expressed and set forth as aforesaid, or who shall be employed for any of the Parties thereto, in any wise about or relating to the Transaction therein mentioned, shall knowingly and wilfully insert or set forth, or cause to be inserted or set forth, in or upon any such Deedi Bond or other Instrument, any other than the full and true Purchase or Consideration Money (Jiredtly or indirectly paid or secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, or shall in any wise aid or assist in the doing thereof respectively, every such Attorney, Solicitor or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence^ forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and every Attorney and Solicitor so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall also be from thenceforth disabled to practise as au Attorney ov Solicitor; and any other Person being entitled, entrusted or instructed to prepare any such Deed or other Instrument in virtue of any Public Office or Employment, and being guilty of such Offence, in the Execution of his Office or Employment, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall also forfeit and lose his Office or Employment, hhd he from theuceforth incapable of holding the fame.,

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Party, Attorney, Solicitor or otheF Period whomsoever, shall be liable to any Penalty, Disability or Forfeiture whatsoever, by reason of the full Purchase or Consideration Money not being truly expressed and set forth in or upon any such Deed, B6nd or ot^rfiT Instrument as aforesaid, unless the Duty or Duties actually paid for the same, shall be less than would htive been payable for the fame, in case the full Purchase or Consideration Money had been truly expressed. and fei forth according to the Directions of this Act. <^, i

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be Duplicates or Triplicates, or piore fhaa One Part made of any Instrument which shall be then by Law charged with any ad valorem Duty, one of such Duplicates, Triplicates or Parts shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, and the other or others of them shall be exempted therefrom, but shall nevertheless be charged with the ordinary Duty on Deeds and Conveyances in general, and the said Commissioners of Stamps upon all the Parts of the said Instrumepts being produced to them, duly stamped as hereby required, shall cause the Duplicates, Triplicates, or all other Parts, except that on which the ad valorem Duty shall be stamped, to be also stamped with some particular Stamp; for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty, and thereupon, but not before or otherwise'.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 79-

other wise, such Duplicate or Triplicate, or other Part, shall or may be received as Evidence in any Court of Justice.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be several Deeds or Instruments for effecting the Conveyance of any Property upon the Sale thereof, and any Doubt shall arise which is the Principal Deed or Instrument chargeable with the ad valorem Duty, in respect of such Sale, it shall be lawful for the Parties concerned to determine for themselves which shall be the Principal Deed or Instrument, and upon all the said Deeds or Instruments being produced, and appearing to be duly stamped, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to cause those which shall not be stamped with the ad valorem Duty to be also stamped with some particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment thereof, and thereupon, but not otherwise, such Deeds which shall not be stamped with the ad valorem Duty shall and may be received as Evidence in any Court of Justice.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or for any other Public Purpose, shall be lodged with or received by the Secretary of any Grand Jury, nor shall be entered in any Schedule delivered to any Grand Jury, nor shall any such Affidavit be delivered by him to or laid by him before any Grand Jury, unless such Affidavit shall be written on Paper stamped with the Stamp which shall be then by Law required for the fame, nor (Jiall any Affidavit for accounting for any Money presented by any Grand Jury, be laid before any. Grand Jury by the Secretary, or be read m Court, or authorize the Court to discharge any Query, unless it mall be written on Paper duly stamped.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Collation, Presentation or Donation, to or of any Benefice, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion in Ireland, shall be good, valid or effectual, unless the same shall be in Writing under Hand and Seal, and shall be duly stamped, if a (lamp shall be neceflaty thereon; and that every such Waiting, ^s also all and every Presentation or Donation under the Great Seal of Ireland, shall be deposited with the Registrar of the Diocese, who shall forthwith cause the same to be filed in the Registry of the Diocese, and shall give to the Person so depositing the fame a Certificate that the fame has been so deposited, and such Certificate shall further state either that such Instrument is duly stamped or that the fame is not by Law subject to any Stamp, and shall also state the Date of such Instrument, and the Day of the Month and Year when such Instrument was so deposited or filed 5 and no Person shall be indu&ed into any Benefice or Promotion in Ireland, who shall not, previous to and at the time and Place of such Iuduction, produce such Certificate to the Person or Persons authorized to make such Induction; and if any Induction shall be made contrary to this Provision, the same shall be wholly void and of no Effect, and every Person making the same shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Registrar shall, for so receiving and filing such Instrument, and granting such Certificate thereof, be entitled to receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence and no more, and a Fee of One Shilling and Six pence for any new Certificate of the fame Matter that may be afterwards required; and if any such Registrar shall refuse, neglect or omit to receive and file such Instrument, or to grant any such new Certificate on reasonable Demand thereof, or shall certify therein any thing which shall not be true (of the Truth whereof the Proof shall lie on him), he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the Commencement of this Act, shall receive any Benefice, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion in Ireland, shall be bound to produce and prove, and shall produce and prove such Certificate as aforesaid, as Part of his Title to such Benefice or Promotion, upon any Trial or Hearing of any Action, Suit or Proceeding for the Recovery of any Tithe or Glebe, or other Purpose whatever, before any Court of Law or Equity, or any Ecclesiastical Court, or any sum-xnary Jqnfdi&ien whatsoever, wherein it shall be necessary for him to produce or prove such his Title; and that without the Production and Proof of such Certificate, such Court or Jurisdiction shall deem such Title to be impeffe& and not duly proved, f shall decide accordingly, notwithstanding any Consent or Admission of the Parties, or of any of them.

XLIX. And Whereas the Payment of Stamp Duties imposed on the Admission of Fellows into the College of Physicians or Surgeons, and of Freemen and others into other Corporations, Guilds or Companies in Ir*laneL^ha$ been and may be evaded* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said College of rnyficians or Surgeons, and for every Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation, Guild or Company ip Ireland, which shall admit any Person or Persons into any such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, by themselves, or by some Person or Persons employed by such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, and they are hereby required, previously to the Admission of any such Person into such College, Corporation or Company, to demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person lo admitted, the several and respective Stamp Duties which shall be then by Lhw payable on the Entry, Minute or Memorandum of Admission of such Person into such College, Corporation, Guild or Com-y, and the proper Officer of such College, or Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation1 or Company, shall Entry, Minute or Memorandum of such Admission, upon the proper Stamp, 5 inf some Booki Roll or __^jord of such College, Corporation or Company, within One Month after such fcerfoti shall be- so admitted into such Corporation or Company 5 and if such Officer shall n£gle& or refuse so to do, he shall, for efceryTuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such College, Corporation^ Guild ttt* Company shall be answerable for all such Duties, without any Proof of the feme having been fd received*16Y* Whether the feme respectively shall have been so received or not, and the feme shall be a Debt to His Majesty and lUc^verible with Cods, by a summary Application to the Court of Exchequer, as any othetf unpaid Stamp Dutymfcybe recovered under any Act of Parliament now made or hereafter to be made. 1

241

In cases of Deeds effecting Conveyance of Propelrty f<4d, and Doubts arising which is Principal Deed, 1 <Me to ad valorem Duty, Parties to de-t ermine. Affidavit* for grounding Pre-(enimenuto be stamped.

Presentatkms,

&c. to be in Writing on Stamps, and lodged with Re-giiter of Diocese.

Induction without Certificate.

Penalty

Fees on Certificate, ftc.

Refusing, &c. to file Instrument, ftc.

[Penalty.]

Certificate to J>e Part of Title.

t Si*.

Admission into

Corporations

damped.

[Penalty.]

Debt to The King.

222

Inspection of Corporate Books by Stamp Offictrs.

[Penalty.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Ante, c. 78. Sch. Part IV. One Copy of Pamphlets lodged at Stamp Office.

Duty not paid an Pamphlets.

[Penalty.]

Proof of Payment of Duty n Printer.

Selling un-stamped Almanacks, Sec.

[Penalty.]

Definition of Almanacks.

How stamped.

Hawking, Sec. Hand Bilk, Ice. unstamped.

C. 79, 80. 55 GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

L. And be it further etoafted, That any and every Officer of the College of Physicians or Surgeons, or of any Corporation, Guild or Fraternity in Ireland, who shall from time to time have in his Custody any Book, File, Record, Remembrance, Docket or Proceeding of or belonging to such College, Corporation, Guild or Fraternity, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend to the securing any of His Majesty's Stamp Duties which now are or shall at any time be by Law payable in Ireland, or to the Proof or Discovery of any Fraud or Omission in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall at all seasonable times permit any Person thereunto authorized by the Commissioners of Stamps, to try, search, inspect and view all such Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets and Proceedings as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward, and to take thereout such Notes and Memorandums as shall be necessary for the Purposes last mentioned, without Fee or Reward, and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect so to do upon Demand made by such Person so authorized as aforesaid, such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the several Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, Almanack

and Newspapers in Ireland.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that permanent Regulations should be made for the better and more

effectual Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, Almanacks and News-

papers in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, One printed Copy of every Pamphlet which shall be printed or published within the City of Dublin shall, within the Space of Six Days after the printing thereof, be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin, and the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and any Stamp Duty which shall be then by Law payable in respect thereof, shall be registered or entered in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose, which Duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper Officer or Officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their Deputy or Clerk, who shalltl lereupon give a Receipt for the fame on such printed Copy; and that One printed Copy of every such Patnphlet that mall be printed or published in any Place in Ireland, not being within the City of Dublin, shall, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the printing thereof, be brought to some Distributor of Stamps, or Person employed by the Commissioners of Stamps in Inland, or any of them, to execute the Office of Distributor for the time being, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and the Duty which shall be then payable in respect thereof as aforesaid, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose; which Duty shall be thereupon paid to such Distributor, who shall give a Receipt for the fame on such printed Copy.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such Pamphlet shall be printed or published as aforesaid, and the Duty which shall be then by Law payable in respect thereof as aforesaid shall not be duly paid as aforesaid, within the respective times aforesaid, then the Printer or Publisher, and all and every other Person or Persons concerned m and about the printing or publishing of such Pamphlet, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds 5 and all and every Author, Printer and Publisher of such Pamphlet, shall forfeit and lose all Copyright therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That on all Trials whatever of Actions, Informations, Complaints or Suits, for Recovery of the aforesaid Penalty for Nonpayment of the aforesaid Duty, within the respective times aforesaid, the Proof of the Payment of the said Dufy shall lie upon the Printer or Publisher of such Pamphlet.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall print, publish, fell, hawk, carry about, utter or expose to sale, any Almanack or Calendar, or Dublin Directory, or any Book, Pamphlet or Paper, deemed or construed to be, or serving the Purpose of an Almanack, Dublin Directory or Daily Account of Goods imported and exported, not being marxed or stamped with the Proper Stamp, if any Stamp Duty shall be then by Law payable thereon, every such Person shall, for every such Almanack, Calendar, Dublin Directory, Book, Pamphlet, or Paper so printed, published, fold, nawked, carried about, uttered or exposed to Sale, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; which Penalty shall be to the sole Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall without Fraud or Covin first sue for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Books and Pamphlets, serving chiefly for the Purpose of an Almanack or a Directory, by whatever Name or Names entitled or described, are and shall be considered as Almanacks and Directoriee, and not as Pamphlets or other printed Papers within the Meaning of this Act, or of any Act or Acts from time to time in force for the Imposing, Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty, unless the contrary shall be expressly provided; and where any Almanack shall contain more than One Sheet or Piece of Paper, it shall be sufficient to stamp one of the Pieces of Paper upon which such Almanack shall be printed.

VI. And, for the better securing the Payment of Stamp Duties on Hand Bills, Almanacks, Pamphlets and Newspapers in Ireland, be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall at any time or times after the Commencement of this Act, hawk, carry about, disperse, dispose of or distribute any Hand Bill, Almanack, Pamphlet or Newspaper, not stamped or marked with the Stamp Duty which shall be then by Law required,

every

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 8o. 22

every such Person being thereof duly convicted before any Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit the Sum of Five p^iy. Shillings to the Person who shall prosecute for the fame, together with all and every such undamped Hand Bill,

Almanack, Pamphlet or Newspaper, which shall and may be seized and delivered over to One of His Majesty's Justice of the Peace, and in Default of immediate Payment of the Sum of Five Shillings, such Offender shall and may be committed by such Justice to any Common Gaol within his Jurisdiction Tor One Imprisonment. Week, or until such Offender shall pay such Penalty; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person to seize, apprehend and carry before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, any such Person so offending as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer shall print or cause to be printed any un stamped Printers print-Hand Bill containing a single Advertisement whether mixed with other Matter or not, such Hand Bill being "8 undamped then fubie& to a Stamp Duty, and shall be duly convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, such Hand Bnb* Printer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person who shall prosecute for Penalty.

the fame.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Hand Bill or other printed Paper which shall contain more than Definition of One Advertisement shall be deemed and taken to be a Newspaper, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. Hand Bills.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in Ireland, any Pamphlet or printcr»s Njmc Newspaper without the true Name and Surname or Names and Surnames, and Place or Places of Abode on Newspaper* of some known Person or Persons by or for whom the same shall have been or shall be really and truly and Pamphlets, printed or published being written or printed thereon, upon Pain that every Person offending herein shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that on all Trials of Actions, Informations, Com- Penalty, plaints or Suits for Recovery of such Penalty, the Proof that the true Name and Surname, or true Names and Onus probandi. Surnames, and Place or Places of Abode of some known Person or Persons by or for whom such Pamphlet or.Newspaper shall have been really and truly printed or published, was or were written or printed thereon, .shall lie on the Defendant in such Action, Information, Complaint or Suit.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Printer, Publisher and Proprietor of any Newspaper in Ireland, Affidavits of whether for himself or in Trust for any Bankrupt, Lunatic, Infant, Feme Covert, or Person beyond the Seas, Proprietors of or for any Number of such Persons, shall before he shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published .Newipapen. such Newspaper, and as often afterwards as the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, shall by Notice

in Writing or otherwise require the fame, within Ten Days after being so required, give in to the said Commissioners at their Office in Dublin, or to the proper Officers in whose Districts such Newspaper shall be printed, at their respective Offices where stamped Paper shall be distributed, such Affidavit and of such Import as Printers, Publishers or Proprietors of Newspapers are or shall be by any Law or Laws directed to make, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall remain with such Commissioners of Stamps or Officers, to be produced in manner herein after mentioned, as often as Occasion may require; and every Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper in Ireland, whether for himself or in Trust for any Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Person or Persons, who shall print or publish or cause to be printed or published any Newspaper before he shall have given in to the Commissioners of Stamps such Affidavit as aforesaid, or when required thereto as aforesaid mall neglect or omit to give in such Affidavit within the time and at the Places aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, Neglect or Omission, pay a Penalty of Forty Pounds, and shall be disabled from receiving any Penalty. Stamps for printing such Newspapers upon, and shall be deemed and taken as if he, she or they never had been qualified to print or publish any Newspaper, until he, she or they, shall make and deliver in such Affidavit as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Commissioners of Before whom Stamps, or for such Officer or Officers by them appointed for the Distribution of stamped Paper as aforesaid, such Affidavit to take such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall be so made and taken made* without Fee or Reward; and if any such Affidavit shall contain a Falsehood, every Person swearing such Affidavit may be indicted for wilful and corrupt Perjury therein, and shall, upon due Conviction of such Perjury. Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of wilful and

corrupt Perjury, are or shall then be by Law liable and subject to, in Ireland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such and every such Affidavit shall be produced as Occasion may Affidavit Evi-require, at or before the Trial of all such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations or Indictments, as shall dence against be had or commenced, filed or found, touching such Newspapers, or any Publication therein contained, and such Printer. Affidavit or Affidavits shall on every such Trial be received and admitted against all and every the Person and Persons who shall have so signed and sworn the same as conclusive Evidence of all such Matters therein, as shall be by Law required to be therein contained, and also of the Continuance of all such Matters in the fame Plight and Condition to the time in question, on such Trial, unless it shall he proved that previous t^ such time such Person or Persons became lunatic, or served a Notice in Writing at the Office where such Affidavit shall have been sworn, of any of the said Matters therein being changed, or unless it shall appear that previous to such time a new Affidavit of the fame or a fi miliar nature respectively, was or were made concerning the same Newspaper in which the Person or Persons fought to be affected on such Trials did not join; and whensoever any such Affidavit shall be produced in Evidence on any such Trial, it shall be sufficient to prove that the Name of the Person or Persons then fought to be charged therewith, is of his, her or their Hand Writing, and it shall not be necessary to produce the Person who administered such Oath, or to prove the swearing of such Affidavit in any other manner.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Printer, Publisher and Proprietor of a Newspaper printed or Copies of News. published in the County or County of the City of Dublin* which is or from time to time shall be liable to any P^18 , n StampamP 0&ce'

to be Evidence against Proprietors.

[Penalty.]

Copy varient not i'ufficient in Favour of Printer, and sufficient against him.

Commissionen may allow Printer to lodge Paper with Distributor.

Days of Publication ascertained.

Affidavits.

f Sic.

C. 8o. 5j° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Stamp Duty, shall, on every Day of Publication thereof, or on such Day next following, which shall not be an Holiday, between the Hours of Ten and Three on each Day, cause to be delivered to the Person who shall be duly appointed for that Purpose in the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, one Copy of the Newspaper so printed or published, with the Name of some Printer, Publisher or Proprietor thereof, written thereon, after the same shall be printed, by his or her own proper Hand Writing in his or her accustomed manner of signing the fame; and every Printer, Publisher and Proprietor of a Newspaper printed or published in any other Place in Ireland, shall on each Day of the Publication of such Newspaper, or on such Day next following, which shall not be an Holiday, in like manner between the Hours of Ten and Three of the Clock cause to be delivered to the Distributor of Stamps in whose District such Newspaper shall be printed or published, Two Copies of every such Newspaper so printed or published, with the Name of some Printer, Publisher or Proprietor thereof, written thereon after the same shall be printed, by his or her proper Hand, in his or her accustomed manner of signing the fame, for which several Copies so delivered the respedivo Printers, Pub-liffiers and Proprietors thereof, or the Person or Persons so delivering the fame, shall be paid the usual and current Prices of such Copies; which said several Copies so delivered as aforesaid shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Evidence against the several Proprietors, Publishers and Printers of such Newspapers respectively, in all Complaints, Suits, Actions, Indictments, Informations, Prosecutions and Proceedings, to be commenced and carried on as well touching such Newspapers respectively, as every Matter and Thing therein contained, and touching any other Newspaper, and any or every Matter or Thing therein contained, which shall be of the fame Title, Purport or Effed, with such Impression or Copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the fame should vary in some Instances or Particulars either as to Title, Purport or Effect; and the Printers, Publishers and Proprietors of the Copies so delivered as aforesaid, shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemed Printers, Publishers or Proprietors respectively, of all Newspapers which shall be of the fame Title, Purport or Effect, with such Copies or Impressions so delivered as aforesaid, notwithstanding such Variance as aforesaid, unless such Printers, Publishers or Proprietors respectively shall prove that such Newspapers respectively were not printed or published by them respectively, or by or with their Knowledge, Privity or Direction; and every Printer, Proprietor or Publisher, of such Newspaper or Newspapers, who shall neglect or omit to deliver or cause to be delivered such Copies or Copy signed as aforesaid as hereinbefore directed, shall, for every such Omission, pay a Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Newspaper so delivered shall be deemed a sufficient Copy so as to protect any such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor from the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds, unless the Title thereof shall be the same as that for which such Person shall have been registered at the Stamp Office in Dublin, as the Printer, Publisher or Proprietor thereof; but if any such Newspaper so delivered shall have a Title sufficient to denote that such Newspaper is the fame for which such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor is so registered, of which the Court is in all cases to judge, every such Newspaper so delivered as aforesaid at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to any Distributor, as the case may be, shall be Evidence in all cases against all and every the Printers, Publishers and Proprietors so registered, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Newspapers so delivered bore the fame Title as that for which such Person shall have been so registered.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper, which shall not be printed and published in the County or County of the City of Dublin, shall find it more convenient to cause such Copies of such Newspaper to be delivered to any other Distributor of Stamps than to the Distributor in whose District such Newspaper shall be published, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, to state such Matter by Petition to the Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin, and to pray that he may have Liberty to cause such Copies to be delivered to such other Distributor as he shall so name at the Office of such Distributor, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps to order the fame accordingly, and from and after the Date of such Order, the Place of Publication of such Newspaper shall for that Purpose only be deemed and taken to be within the District of such other Distributor, until the same shall be otherwise ordered by the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being.

XVI. And Whereas Doubts may be entertained as to what shall be the Days of Publication of any such Newspaper; Be it enacted, That on whatever Day or Days of the Week any such Newspaper shall have been published in the Week next immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, such Day or Days shall, as against any registered Printer, Proprietor or Publisher thereof, be deemed the Days of Publication thereof; and every Printer, Publisher and Proprietor thereof, shall be deemed and taken to have published the fame on the said Days in any future Week, until Notice of a Change in that respect shall have been duly served at the Stamp Office in Dublin by some registered Printer, Proprietor or Publisher thereof, unless it shall be expressly proved that such Newspaper was not so published on the particular Day or Days in question; and that in all Affidavits which shall hereafter be made or given the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, by any Printer, Proprietor or Publisher of a Newspaper, under the Provisions of this Act, or of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for securing the Liberty of the Press, or for amending any such Ad, such Affidavit shall stateJ* only the Matters heretofore required by Law to be dated therein, but also on what Day or Days of the Week such Newspaper is intended to be published, and from thenceforth the said Day or Day* shall be deemed the Day or Days of Publication of such Newspaper; and every Printer, Proprietor and Puo-liffier thereof, shall be deemed and taken to have published the fame on the said Day or Days in every succeeding Week, until a new Affidavit shall be made according to Law, differing in that respect, or until Notice of a plunge in that respect shall have been duly served at the Stamp Office in Dublin by some registered Printer,

13 Proprietor

A.D. 1815: 55° GEORGII III. C. 8o. 225

Proprietor or Publisher of such Newspaper, or unless it shall be expressly proved tHat such Newspaper wa* not published on the particular Day or Days in question.

XVII. And whereas many Printers and Publishers of Newspapers print or strike off a Second Impression thereof, containing more Advertisements or other Matter than are contained in the Copy or Copies given

4 in at the Stamp Office in Dublin as aforesaid, or to the Distributor, if in the Country, by which Mean*

the Duty payable in respect of such Newspaper may be evaded and other Mischiefs and Inconveniences arise Be it therefore enacted, That every Printer, Publishcr or Proprietor of any Newspaper in Ireland, ^?i«of Sfcoond who shall vary any of such Publications, or publish such Second Impression without giving in, in manner afore- NeWfuInjer* said, One Copy of such Second or varied Impression or Publication at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or Two lodged in like Copies thereof to the Distributor of Stamps, signed as aforesaid, as the case may be, shall, for every such manner as first. OfFence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every such Second or varied Impression or Publication Penalty, shall be deemed to be unstamped; and every Proprietor, Printer and Publisher thereof, flia.ll be liable to all such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if the fame were unstamped.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon all Trials in any Suit, Action, Indictment, Information or Title of Paper

Prosecution, to be commenced or carried on touching any Newspaper, or any Matter or Thing therein con- lodged at Stamp tained, any Newspaper having the fame Title as that for which any Defendant in any such Action, Indidfc- printer*

ment, Information or vSuit, shall be registered at the Stamp Office as Printer, Proprietor or Publisher, or 5

having such Title as shall be sufficient to denote that such Newspaper is the fame for which such Printer,

Publisher or Proprietor, fluill have been so registered, of which the Court is to judge, shall be sufficient

Evidence that such Paper was printed and published by such Person or Persons so registered, unless the

Defendant in such Action, Indictment or Information or Suit, shall shew the contrary, by satisfadiory

Evidence; and that upon all such Trials, the Proof that the Defendant or Defendants therein did give Onus probandi.

in, or deliver in manner aforesaid, a Copy of such Impression, signed as aforesaid, if in Dublin, to the Stamp

Office as aforesaid, or if in the Country, Two Copies to the Distributor of Stamps, signed as aforesaid, shall

lie upon such Defendant or Defendants.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper in Ireland, Copy so lodged upon any Trial to be commenced, or carried on touching such Newspaper, or any Matter or Thing therein Evidence aganft contained, shall not admit that any Copy of the Paper left at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, or>r"lier*

with the Distributor of Stamps in the Country, was printed or published by him or her, then and in such case any such Copy or Impression which shall have been left at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, or with the Distributor of Stamps in the Country, at the times hereinbefore directed, shall be considered as printed and published by him or her, whether such Newspaper so delivered shall be of the fame Title for which such Person shall have been registered at the Stamp Office as Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, or of a Title sufficient to denote that such Newspaper is the fame for which such Printer, Publiflier or Proprietor, shall have been so registered, of which the Court shall judge; and such Newspaper shall be so considered, although the same shall not appear to be duly signed in his or her Hand Writing, and though it shall not appear by whom the fame was so left, unless he or she shall prove that he or she left, or cause to be left, at the time by this Act required, a printed Copy, or Two printed Copies, of the Paper published by him or her, with the Officer or Person with whom he or she is by this Act directed to leave the fame, with his or her Name written thereon in his or her own Hand Writing, in the manner directed by this Adh

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer or Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper in

Ireland, shall be, by due Course of Law, outlawed for any criminal Offence, or receive Judgment for printing have Sumps for or publishing a traitorous or seditious Libel, the said Commissions of Stamps in Ireland, and their Officers, for Papers, distributing Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell or deliver to or for the Use of any such Printer, Publiflier or Proprietor, so outlawed, or who shall have so received Judgment for such Libel, any Stamped Paper for printing any Newspaper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper, which shall be at any time published in Ireland, shall have become a Bankrupt, or non compos mentis, or shall be pt^&c. not cn-outlawed for any Crime, or shall receive Judgment for printing or publishing any traitorous or seditious Libel, thfed to print then and in every such case such Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietor* Newspapers. respectively, shall no longer be entitled to print or publish such Newspaper, but shall, as to any such Right* be considered from thenceforth as if he, she or they, never had made such Affidavit as aforesaid.

XXII. And Whereas it may happen that an Idiot, a Lunatic, an Infant, or a Feme Covert, or the Creditors or Assignees of a Bankrupt or Insolvent, may become or be entitled to the Profits, or to any Part,

Share or Proportion of the Profits of any Newspaper; Be it enacted, That in any such case it shall and may Affidavit ipade be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall think proper so to do, to join in any Affidavit required by inTrult fofrin-this or any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland, in respect of such Newspaper; and that such ^packed Per-Affidavit shall in such case state, besides all other Matters by Law required, that the Maker thereof is a r°D$*

Publisher of such Newspaper, in Truit for any such disabled or incapacitated or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or of any Number of such Persons, and shall also state which of the said Causes of Incapacity or Disability affects every such Person for whom he is Trustee as aforesaid; and thereupon such Affidavit shall be of the fame Force and Effect for the printing and publishing of such Newspaper, as if the Cejluiquc Trust so named was present, and had sworn an Affidavit in the usual Form; and from thenceforth every such*

Trustee shall be deemed and taken to be a Publiflier of such Newspaper, and responsible as such in all respects* and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no such Affidavit shall be deemed sufficient to authorize the Publication of such Newspaper, until such Trustee so swearing the same shall liatfr 55 Geo. III. G g performed

No other Affidavit in Trtift'received*

Sei vice of Process at Printing Office sufficient.

New Affidavit' made on changing Place of Publication.

Buying, \c. un-fbmped Newt-papers.

[Penalty.]

Printers not to supply others with Stamps.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Payment of Duty on Advertisements.

[Penalty.]

Printer, &c. ne-gletfing to pay Duties, Commissioners prohibited to fell Stamped Paper.

[Penalty.]

C. 8o. 55° GEORG3II III. AJ>.i8»5.

performed ill and etery Reonsfittt and Requite ordained by any Lawthen in force to be previously performed by all the Publishers thereof.

XXIII. And be it further erased, That no Person whatsoever shall in any wise be concerned in the printing or pohlishing of any Newspaper, or in receiving the Profits, or any Share or Proportion of the Profits thereof, in Trust for any other or others, under any Pretence whatsoever, unless such Person shall have previously made and lodged in the Stamp Office such Affidavit as aforesaid; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it furthef enacted, That the Leaving or Service of any legal Process in any Suit, Information or Indi&meat, Prosecution or Proceeding, to be brought, filed, found, inffituted or carried on against any Printer, Publiflier or Proprietor of any Newspaper or Pamphlet in Ireland, for the Purpose of recovering any Debt or Penalty under this A£, or any other A & from time to time in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Collection or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, or for any Matter or Thing contained in such Newspaper or Pamphlet, or in any wise rdating thereto, at the Printing Office or Place where such Newspaper or Pamphlet respectively shall be then usually printed and published, shall be deemed and considered to ah Intents and Purposes good Service of such Process.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any Newspaper in Ireland shall be deemed and taken to be usually printed and published at the Place mentioned in that behalf, in the laH or only Affidavit which shall have been made by the Printers, Publishers and Proprietors thereof, and deposited in the Stamp Office in Dublin according to Law; and that if it shall be at any time intended to change the Place of printing or pub-lifting any such Newspaper, a new Affidavit shall thereupon be made, Hating such new Place of Pi&lication* and Hating all other Matters required by Law to be contained in such Affidavit, as if such Newspaper had never before been published.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall buy or fell, or shall without lawful Excuse keep in his, her or their Possession in Ireland any unHamped Newspaper, shall be subject and liable to the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every unHamped Newspaper so bought or sold, or found in his, her or their Possession 5 and every Printer, Proprietor or Publisher, of any unHamped Newspaper shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Newspaper so unHamped, which he, she or they shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Person or Persons who is, are or shall be entitled to obtain from the said Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, or their Officers, Hamped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper of which he, she or they, is, are or shall be Printer or Printers, or Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall furnish or supply any other Person or Persons with any such Hamped Paper, every such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall make use of any Hamped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper which he, she or they shall receive or be furnished with, by or from any other Person or Pferfona than the said Commissioners of Stamps, or their Officers or DiHributors, every such Person shall, for every such Offence* forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Printer who shall print or publish in Ireland, any Advertisement or Advertisements in any Pamphlet, Newspaper or other Literary Performance, shall within the, £&ace of Thirty Days next after the laH Day of each Month, if. such Advertisement or Advertisements ftiafi be printed or published within the City of Dublin, pay or cause to be paid the Stamp Duty or Duties Which shall be then by Law charged in respect thereof to the respective Persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective Deputies or Clerks, and if printed or published in any Part of Ireland, out of the Limit* of the City of Dublin, then to the Diffributor of Stamps in whose DiffricH such Pamphlet, Newspaper or Literary Performance, shall be printed; and the said Commissioners of Stamps and their Officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required, upon Payment of the said Duties in respect of such Advertisements, to give a Receipt or Receipts for the Duty or Duties so paid, and upon Payment thereof in the manner and within the time hereinbefore for that Purpose limited, the said Commissioners, or their Officer* receiving the fame, shall make to the Person or Persons paying the fame oitt of the Sums so to be paid, such Allowance, if any, as shall be then warranted by Law, and m Default of such Payment within the time hereinbefore for that Purpose limited, the Printers, Publishers and Proprietors, of every such Pamphlet, Newspaper or other Literary Performance, and each and every of them, shall be liable to pay Treble the Amount of the Duties then by Law chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full CoHs of Suit by fumihary Application to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, in the same manner as any unpaid Stamp Duties; and if any Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of a Newspaper, shall within the time hereinbefore limited for the Payment of the said Duties in respect of Advertisements negledfc to pay the same, the said Commissioners and their Officers for diHributing Stamp Paper and Parchment respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell or deliver to or for the Use of such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, any Hamped Paper for printing any Newspaper tipon until such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor so in Arrear shall have paid and discharged aH Arrears of Advertisement Duty, to the Payment of which be was subject, up to and for the laH Day of the Mobth-ne»t preceding the Month in which such Payment shall be made; and if ahy Officer acting under the said Commissioners shall knowingly fell or deliver any Stamped Paper for printing a Newspaper, or Part of a NeWfpaper upeorcontrary to the aforesaid Prohibition, he shall upon Conviction thereof forfeit the Sum of Fdrty Pounds; and if Judgment shall be entered against any such Officer upon Information for such Offence, every such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled from holding any Office under the Commissioners of Stamps.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII IIf. C. 8o, ir*27

- XX.'tX? Aftd'be h farther ita'aftecf, That no Printer of other Ferfo* of Petfowflull puWife inlrrhgmd*y. Printer, Sec. to Newspaperj unless he, she or they, together with the Proprietor or Proprietors of fbchi Papdrv and togebhe*t enter into Bond with Two sufficient Sureties, shall previous thereto have entered into Sectfrity byBonti in a Surtbnolieteoei- J?* ing Three hundred Pounds, nor leis than Two hundred Pounds, to Hb Mftjofty, his Heirt and Successors, r .*>

conditioned for the Payment of thetDutie8 which shall or may from time to time be*payable on all Advertisements which shall be printed therein, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sam of portyi PetuUy* Pounds i and .no Officer appointed for distributing Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper in Ireland, shall fell or deliver any Stamped! Paper for printing any Newspaper to any Person, unless torch Perfba shall have pre-

viouftygiven torch Security for the Payment of the said Duties; and if any Officer shall fell or deliver any §Upnped paper for printing a Newspaper on to any Person who shall not have entered into torch Security, knowing that such Security was not entered feto, he shall upon Conviction thereof forfeit the Sum of Forty. Penalty. Pounds s and if Judgment shall be Altered against such Officer upon Information for such Offence, every such Person mall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled from holding any Office under the Commissioners of Stamps.

XKX^nd be it further enacted, That all Materials and Utensils for printing used in and kept at, or be- Prin!, 0|F Idnging to any Printing House iri Ireland, in which any Newspaper or any Paper serving the Purpose of m felxe J^ew&aper as aforesaid hath been or (Kail be printed, into whose Hands soever the same shall have come or (hill cpme-, pr by whatsoever Conveyance or Title the same shall be claimed, shall be in the first Place liable and fubM tb, and the same are hereby charged with all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have become'dud for the Duties which are or have been, or from time to time shall be by Law charged on the Ad* vertifemehVs which have been or shall be printed or published in such Newspaper, and as shall be due for Fines

or Penalties adjudged against the Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such N^wfpajpcrj under and by virtue of any Act or Acts, which shall be then of force in Ireland, relating m any wife bi the Collection or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, during such time as such Materials-or UtenaisVhaD have belonged to of been used in or kept at such Printing House as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful in all cases to levy such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Materials and Utensils in like manner as if the Printer or Printers of such Newspaper, or other Paper as aforesaid, were the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Materials and Utensils at the time of levying the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all and finguhur the several Provisions and Regul- Commencsoseat dtion8 herein contained and mentioned, shall commence and be in force from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to repeal the ferefal Acts for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to make more effectual Regulations for colieding and managing the said Duties in general.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled Z* €kia<h

V \ an Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland,

9 and to make more effectual Regulations for colieding and managing the said Duties; And Whereas another

4 Ad was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to grant to His Majesty certain 540.3. c. 118. 4 Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to explain and amend the said recited Act made in the Fifty second Year of9His lVfcyefty's Reign: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be repealed, and that9Regulations (houla be established for the Collection of all Duties which shall be from time to time here-

after under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, so far as the fame is pradkable; '

-May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by ai*d with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement repealed, of this Act, the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except so far as the E*cepu°n?» said Acts, or either of them, repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained y and save as to any Proceeding commenced or to be commenced in any Court, Civil or Criminal, or otherwise, against any Person or Persons for any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for or in respect of any Offence committed or to be committed against the said Acts, or any of them, or for the levying or colieding any Duty that may be due under the said Acts, or either of them, previous to the Commencement of this Act; and save that all Licences and Certificates granted, and all Affidavits of any Printers, Pablifhers or Proprietors of any Newspaper under the said Acts respectively, before the Commencement of this Act, shall have Continuance, Force, Virtue and Effect according to the Terms and Nature thereof, and to all the legal Coirfequencea thereof respectively, as if this Act had not been passed, except where it is herein otherwue jurovided. '

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Appointment .Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have Power from time to time and at all times to appoint in<* Oath of (iommissioners for the stamping and marking of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and that the said Commissioners shall be called 99 The Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland and that the said Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have Potter under their Hands qpd Seals to appoint such inferior Officers as they shall from time to time think proper, for the marking or

G g a damping

ai8 C. 81. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815

ft am ping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and for collecting and levying such Duties shall from time to time be under the Management of the said Commissioners; and that every Commissioner or other Officer, Sp appointed, before he shall proceed to the Execution of his Office under such Appointment, ftudl take and Cubscribe the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will, during my Continuance in the Office of,

faithfully execute the Trust committed to me therein, without Fraud or Concealment; and that I will, from time to time, true Account make of all such Acts as I shall do therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, hath or have appointed, or hereafter shall appoint, to

receive such Account; and that I will take no Fee, Reward or Profit, for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or Persons other than such as shall be

paid and allowed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by some Person or Persons for that Purpose

authorized by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Govcmor or

Governors of Ireland for the time being.«So help me GOD.*

fijr whom ad-muiiftertd.

Proviso for ai & 22 G. 3. 0)c. 33-

Three Corn-million er» a Quorum.

Office* to hold Emp!o\menra, till Death or Removal.

Reputation

sufficient Evidence of Appointment.

Salaries of Officers paid out of Stamp Duties.

Dtfiniton of Sump Docks.

And such Oath shall and may be administered to any such Commissioner or Commissioner* by the Chancellor, Treasurer, Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or in their Absence by any of the Justices of any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, and that they are hereby respectively required and empowered to administer such Oath; and any of the said Commissioners, or auy Juilitx of the Peace within Ireland, within his proper Jurisdiction, shall and may administer the like Oath to any of the inferior Officers aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect or be co&ftrned to - affect an Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Qualifications of Persons appointed to Offices in this Kingdom % therein Two or work*Grantees at? under One Grant, Commission or Appointment, but that the said Act and every Part thereof shall remain in full Force as if this Act had not been parted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it shall not be otherwise directed or provided by any Act or Acts of Parliament, all and every Right, Power and Authority which from time to time shall be vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may be used and exercised by any Three or more of the said Commissionera, as fpliy and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the fame could be used or exercised by all the said Commissioners for the time being; and that all and every Powers and Authorities veiled in any Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or in any Commissioners for damping Vellum, Parchment and Paper, under whatsoever Name or Title by any Ad not hereby repealed, shall be vested in the said Commissioners under this Act to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners and inferior Officers heretofore appointed

for the marking or damping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, and bow actually holding and exercising such Offices respectively, shall continue to ad in the several Offices to which they have been so appointed, in like manner, with the fame Powers and Authorities, and subject to such Restrictions and Limitations as if appointed and sworn under this Act; and that every such Commissioner now appointed or hereafter to be appointed, shall continue to hold and exercise his said Office until he shall die, resign or be removed therefrom by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, 'or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and that every such inferior Officer.now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, shall continue to hold and exercise his said Office until he shall die, ' reiign or be removed therefrpm by the said Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being. '

VI. And be it further enacted, That if in any Court whatsoever, on any Trial, Proceeding or Occasion whatsoever, and whoever shall be the Parties therein, any Question shall arise concerning the Right of the said Commissioners or Inferior Officers, or of any of them, or of any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of executing any Duty whatsoever under any Ad imposing any Stamp Duty, or regulating the Collection or Management of any such Duty, to hold, exercise or enjoy their said Offices, or to execute such Duty respectively, then and in every such case it shall be sufficient to prove that such Commissioner or Commissioners or inferior Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, were or was at the, time in question commonly reputed to be such Commissioners or Commissioner, or Officer or Officers, or wa % or were lo appointed or authorized respectively, without producing any Patent, Appointment or Commission, and without giving any Evidence of having performed the several Requisites prescribed by Law, to enable them to execute the said Offices or Duties respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, out of the Produce of the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable in Ireland, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from time to time for Salaries and incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting and levying or managing of the said Duties; any thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties which shall from time to time be under the Care or Management of the said Commissioners shall be deemed and denominated Stamp Duties, in whatever way* the same shall or may be payable.

15 IX. And

A.D. 18i'5*

55° GEORGII III.

C.Si.

229

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or other Officers heretofore appointed, or Officers to ob-hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Officers employed or to be employed or entrulled by or under erve Directions them as aforesaid, shall from time to time observe such Rules, Methods and Orders in the Execytion of their cf Majesty several Offices and Trusts, as they respectively have received, or shall receive from time to time from His an<* Treasury. Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or from the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, for the time being respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall keep their Stamp Stamp Office in Office in some convenient place within the City of Dublin, and that none of the Duties which shall or may Dublin.

be from time to time under their Management, shall be received or collected by or paid to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps Commissioner for the time being, or any One or more of them, to administer Oaths and Affirmations, and take Affidavits roaY

and Affirmations in all cases where he or they shall respectively think an Oath or Oaths or an Affirmation or 1 .'Affirmations necessary to be administered or taken for the Purpose of carrying into effect this Act or any Part thereof, or any Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to the Management of any of the Stamp Duties now payable or hereafter to be payable.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons appointed by the said Com- Stamp Distribu-missioners to be a Distributor or Distributors of Stamps shall verify by Affidavit, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) for* 10 verify by Affirmation, his, her or their respective Accounts, furnished by him, her or them, to the said Commissioners; such Affidavit or Affirmation, if made in Dublin, to be sworn or affirmed before One of the said #t SelEons?

C >mmissioners, and if in the Country, before a Justice of the Peace of the County in which the said Difir.butor or Distributors respectively shall have his Office, and which Affidavit or Affirmation such Commissioners and Justices respectively are hereby required and authorized to receive and take as aforesaid, or if the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, shall by Notice in Writing, require the fame, then before the Justices of the Peace, at a Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County in which such Distributor shall have his Office, and which Affidavit or Affirmation such Justices are hereby required and authorized to receive and take; and if any Distributor shall neglect or refuse to verify any of such Accounts in manner aforesaid, within such reasonable time as he or ffie shall be called upon by the said Commissioners of Stamps or any One or more of them so to do, he or ffie shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds. Penalty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions or Suits, commenced or to be commenced against Distributor'*

any Distributor of Stamps or Person in charge as a Distributor of Stamps, or against the Heirs, Executors Account* tvi-or Administrators of such Distributor or Person in charge, or against both or either of the Sureties of any dence of Receipt such Distributor or Person in charge, or their or either of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, every Ac- at

knowledgement in Writing of the Receipt of any Stamps given or sent to such Distributor or Person in charge

by or from the Stamp Office in Dublin, signed by such Distributor or Person in Charge as a Distributor, or by any Person duly authorized by any such Distributor or Person in charge respectively, shall be accepted, taken and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of the Receipt of the several Pieces and Skins of damped Paper, Parchment and Vellum in such Acknowledgement stated to have been received by or for such Distributor or Person in charge as a Distributor, and of the Value thereof, and of the Stamps thereon respectively; and that all and every Account or Accounts, furnished and verified by Oath or Affirmation by such Distributor or Person in charge according to the Directions of this Act) shall be accepted, taken and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence against such Distributor or Person in charge as a Distributor, or against the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Distributor or Person in charge, or against both or either of the Sureties of such Distributor or Person in charge, or their or either of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators of the several Debits in any such Account severally contained; but any such Account, by whomsoever produced, shall not be Evidence of the Credits therein claimed or stated by such Distributor or Person in charge as Distributor.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distributor or Distributors of Appointment of Stamps, with the Consent of the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One of them, to appoint by Warrant Su|| DiiWbutor under Hand and Seal, any Person or Persons to be his, her or their Deputy or Deputies or Sub Distributor Sump^utv

or Distributors within his, her or their District, or any Part or Parts that may be specified in such Warrant; P

and every such Distributor or Distributors shall be answerable for the Conduct of every such Deputy or Sub

Distributor in all Matters relating to the said Office of Distributor; and every such Deputy or Sub Distributor

shall have full Power to fell Stamps for the said Distributor or Distributors, according to the Terms of such

Warrant, in the same manner as the said Distributor or Distributors might personally do, but not to exer-

ciifc any other Part of the Business or Office of such Distributor or Distributors; and no such Warrant for

appointing any such Sub Distributor shall be subji 61 to any Stamp Duty whatsoever. i

XV. And be it further enacted, That it (halt and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps Commissioner* in Ireland, or any One or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do, by Warrant empowered to under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals to authorize any Person or Persons, with the Assistance Sra"

of a'Magi ft rate or any Peace Officer in the Day-time to enter into the House or Habitation of any in ffonfr of* Distributor of Stamps, or «f any Deputy or Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons acting for or under Distribato*. such Distributor, or having Charge of the Office or Business of such Distributor for any particular time; and if on.Demand, and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then to break open the fame respectively, and to seize or

take

Commissioners may fine Distri-bntors neglecting Duty.

Officers to keep Accounts.

Time of Payment of Sump Duties by Distributors.

Receiver General to pay into the Exchequer.

Notice 9/ Payment.

Receiver General n'egUding to pay; fee. dismissed.

Inter eft

Diflnhutors netWtlingto pay, &c.

First Offence.

Second Often?*.

Interest.

forfeitures how (Ufpoled of.

OfiOItCIl ' HI.

C. 8l.

tike into hit, her or their Possessicm ill stamped Vellum, Parchment or Phper % bifch shaft he &e

' House, Custody or Possession of such Distributor or Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons acting for or"

1 under such Distributor, or having Charge of the Office or Business of such Distributor for any particular time $ and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons so authorized as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to enter accordingly into the House or Habitation of any such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor, or other Person as aforesaid; and if on Demand, and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor or other" Person as aforesaid shall dwell* or any inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then with the.Assistance and in the Presence of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to break open the feme respectively, and and

take into his or their Possession all stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be found in dm'House, Custody or Possession of such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons aflBfcgr under such Distributor, or hating charge of the Office or Business of such Distributor for any partfAHune as aforesaid; and all Magistrates and Peace Officers are hereby required, upon the Request of JIny^fttfonor Persons acting under such Warrant, to aid and assist him and them in the Execution thereof.'u' c r l-tr

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three of Th&ki' have Power from time to time, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to fine any Distributot or DBbnbutors of Stamps for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, or of the Orders of the said Commissioners, or oTUM'^One o^ more of them, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for any one Offence 5 the Amount of tbdhRne to be paid by such Distributor or Distributors to the Receiver General, for the Use of Hi* Maj^yVRevenue, together with his, her or their next Payment, and as Part thereof; and it shall be lawfi&fof ftfdk Receiver General, and he is hereby required to apply the next Money that he shall receive frotri fufch Distributor, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to the Payment of such Fine, whatever may be .fir

which the fame may be sent. siioui. 1

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers who shall be cone^tiieff i ing, collecting or receiving any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, shall keep separate and distinct Accounts thereof 5 and that the several Distributors of Stamps in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, shall pay all Monies received by them for or by reason or on account of any of the said Stamp Doty or Duties, or of any Penalties imposed by this Act or by any other Act in any wile relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of such Distributors respectively, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, on every Day or on such and so many Days in each Week as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners; and the Distributors of Stamps employed in atry other Parts of Ireland shall, on Wednesday in every Week, unless the same shall be an Holiday, and then on the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holiday, or as speedily after such Wednesday or other Day as the Distance of such Diuributors respectively shall permit, or as much oftener and at all such times as the said Distributors shall be required by the said Commissioners, or any of them, pay or cause to be paid all Sums received by them in like manner, and then in their Hands respectively, to the said Receiver General of Stamp Duties and the said Receiver General shall, on each and every Day or on such Day or Days in every Week as shall be directed for the Purpose by the said Commissioners, pay all Monies so received by him, and then in his Hands, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland; and the said Receiver General shall on each Day after his making any such Payment into the said Exchequer, and every Distributor of Stamps on each Day after his or her making any such Payment to the said Receiver General, or on the first Opportunity after the said times respectively, give Notice of such Payment and of the Amount thereof to the said Commissioners of Stamps 5 and if such Receiver General shall at any time neglect or omit to pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer the Sums so by him payable as aforesaid, at the time and in the manner aforesaid, ot shall detain any Part of the Monies (o by him payable, then and for every such Offence he shall be difmHTed from his said Employment and shall be incapable to serve His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his Hands after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by the Year, the same to be recovered withCofts of Suit, by Action, Still or Information, or by any other of the Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majesty, hb Hdrc and Successors, from Public Accountants or Debtors; and if any such Distributor or Distributors shall negie6l or omit to pay or cause to be paid to such Receiver General as aforesaid, the Sums so by him, her or them payable as aforesaid, or shall detain the Monies by him, her or them so payable as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, then for the first of such Offences he, she or they shall forfeit all and every the Discount, Per Outage or other Fee, Profit or Reward to which such Person or Persons so offending would or might othtfrwife be entitled, for or by reason of the Sums so detained, or so neglected or omitted to be paid to such Recetvrir General; and for the Second of such Offences every such Distributor or Distributors shall forfeit the said Discount, PerCentage, Fee, Profit or Reward, and shall be dismissed from his or her said Office, and shall, fnmn the time of such Dilmiffal, be incapable of serving His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall also be charged with Interest for the Money so detained after the Rate of Six Pounds by the Year for every Hundred Pounds; the same to be recovered in the same manner and with like Cefts, as the Interest is recoverable froih the said Receiver General as aforesaid; and the said Discount, PerOeatage, Fee, Profit or Reward so forfeited by such Distributor or Distributors, shall, in every of the said cafet, be paid to such Officer or Officers of the Stamp3 as shall first discover and inform the said Commissionerc of Stamp Duties of such Neglect, Omission or Detention, if the said Commissioners of Stamps of the UMLfdr Part of them fhpH think proper so to order the fame, and if they shall make no Order thereupon, it shall he carried to the Account of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland.

11 'XVIIL'Pi*

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII in C. 81.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Average of the Monthly Sales of any such Distributor, or of his Predecessor or Predecessors for Twelve Months next preceding, shall not have exceeded the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Month, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps from time to time as often as they shall see just and necessary Occasion, by Order under their Hands, to enlarge and extend for any time not exceeding One Month, the time hereby allowed to such Distributors respectively, for paying unto such Receiver General the several Sums by them respectively from time to time received as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, One Book in which all Monies that shall be paid into the said Treasury in Ireland by virtue of this Act, or of any Act or Acts for imposing of Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from any Account whatsoever; and that neither the Six penceper Pound, nor any other Fee, shall be payable to, or be deduced or received by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Treasury, for or on Account of the issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of any Stamp Duties, or of any Payment to be made by the Receiver General of Stamp Duties in manner aforesaid, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all the Money paid into the said Treasury, on the account of such Duties, shall be carried to, and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland*

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have been or who shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting or paying any Stamp Duties, shall exhibit their respective Accounts of such Duties to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Ireland for the time being or the major Part of them, when called on by them, or any One or more of them for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time to examine upon Oath the said Persons who shall be so employed in raising, receiving or collecting the said Duties, as to their said Accounts, and as to the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been by them or any of them respectively raised, collected or received within the time of such their Accounts, and likewise what Part thereof shall have been by them or any of them paid to the Receiver General, or into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, and at what times respectively; and in accounting before the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, the said Persons shall produce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sums of Money by them received and paid; and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to adjust and settle such Accounts; which said Accounts when so audited and settled shall be signed by the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, and shall be at all times to the Officers therein concerned a full and sufficient Warrant and Discharge to all Intents and Purposes, according to the true Intent, Meaning and Import thereof respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Types, Marks and Stamps, which are already kept or used for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards, or on Dice, the several and respective Duties heretofore granted, or any of them, or which shall hereafter be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards, or on Dice, the several and respective Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable thereon respectively by Law in Ireland, shall be the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps, for the stamping and impressing of all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, on which any of the several Things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall from time to time be payable, have been or shall be engrossed or written, and for stamping Playing Cards or Dice according to Law; and that if at any time there shall not be any such Type, Mark or Stamp, denoting the precise Amount of any of the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, to direCi that Two or more of such Types, Marks or Stamps, the Duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the Stamp Duties so payable respectively, shall be used on the fame Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, for denoting such Duties, or at their Discretion to cause to be provided new Types, Marks or Stamps for denoting such Duties or any of them, and to cause all Vellum, Parchment and Paper chargeable with such Duties to be stamped or marked with the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Devices or Marks used or to be used for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards or on Dice, the Stamp Duties which shall be payable from time to time, or any of them, may be changed, varied or altered from time to time, as His Majesty, his HeirB and Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, or any Three of them, shall think fit; provided, that whensoever such Devices or Marks shall be changed, varied or altered, then and in every such case Public Notice of every such Change, Variation or Alteration shall be given by Advertiscment in the Dublin Gazette, and in some other Public Newspaper, a convenient time befofe the Types, Marks or Stamps on which such new Devices or Marks shall be made, be used.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland shall cause separate and particular Stamps or Marks to be provided and used to denote the Duties which shall from time to time be payable, not only on any Article or Articles for which separate or particular Stamps or Marks shall be required from time to time by any Law or Laws, but also on such other Articles, Matters and Tilings, as to the said Commissioners of Stamps from time to time shall seem requisite and necessary, or as the said Commissioners of Stamps shall be required by His Majesty, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being \ and all such Articles, Matters and Things

respectively,

*31

Further time'll-lowed to Distributors by Commisstoatn.

Account.

No Feet at

Treasury for receiving Stamp Duties.

Consolidated

Fund.

Accounts of Stamp Officers audited.

Oath*

Voucher*

Type*, &c. for Stamps to be provided*

Directions as to stattping.

Devices, See. may be changed^ &c.

Notice in O.irettt.

Particular Stamps for certain Duties.

C. 8-I.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181£.

Using improper Sump*.

[Penalty.]

Within what time old Stamps changed for new.

Officer taking Money, fcc. Penalty.

Neglecting to bring Stamps within time limited.

Engrafting, &c. on such Stamps.

Penalty. Porging, kc. Dies;

Having unlawfully in possession;

Marking Paper, lie. unlawfully;

Uttering, kc. or having for Sale forged Sumps;

Officers or others (tamping

respectively, which shall be issued or granted, made or written after One Month from the Day on which Public Notice shall have been or shall be given in the Dublin Gazette by the said Commissioners of Stamps, that such separate or new or particular Stamps or Marks for the fame have been or are respectively provided, and which shall be engrossed, written or printed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, without such Stamps or Marks, or having any other Stamps or Marks than those so provided or used for the Purposes aforesaid respectively, although such Stamps may be of the Amount by Law required, or of any greater Amount, shall be of no other Effect than if they had been written or printed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not marked or damped; and all Persons who shall write or print any such Article, Matter or Thing on any Paper, Vellum or Parchment, having any other Stamps than those so provided for the Purpose aforesaid, shall incur and suffer such Penalty as they would be liable to in case such Article, Matter or Thing respectively had been written, or printed on Paper, Vellum or Parchment not marked or stamped.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often as the Devices or Marks aforesaid, or any of them, shall be changed, varied or altered, it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall at the times respectively of such Alteration or Change have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked with the Impression of the Type, Mark or Stamp which shall have been so changed, varied or altered, and upon which none of the Matters or Things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be payable, shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any time within the Space of Four Months after the Publication of such Advertisement as aforesaid, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the said Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to any Distributor of Stamps, or to any Person appointed to act as a Distributor of Stamps; and thereupon the proper Officer at such Stamp Office and such Distributor or Person appointed to act as such respectively, shall, and he, (he and they 13 and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered in lieu thereof, the like Quantity of .Vellum, Parchment or Paper, as shall have been so brought or sent as aforesaid, with the Impression of such new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the fame, any Money or other Consideration whatsoever, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the said Stamps or Marks which have been so given or sent m shall, in every such case, be immediately cancelled: And in case any Person shall neglect or omit, within the time aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said Commissioners or Officers as aforesaid, any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so marked with the Type, Mark or Stamp, which shall have been so changed, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other Effect than if such Vellum, Parchment or Paper had never been damped; and that all Matters and Things which shall be engrossed or written thereon after such time as shall be appointed by such Advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such changed or altered Types, Marks or Stamps as aforesaid, shall be of no other Effect than if they had been engrossed or written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not marked or stamped; and all Persons who shall engross or write any Matter or Thing, chargeable with any of the Duties aforesaid, on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, after the said time, shall incur and suffer such Penalty as is herein directed to be inflicted on Persons writing or engrossing on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any of the Dominions thereto belonging, shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp to resemble any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp at any time heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dublin> for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped any of the Duties charged thereon by any Act or Acts which has been or shall be at any time in force in Ireland, although such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, may not be kept or used at the said Stamp Office at the time of such forging or counterfeiting; or if any Person or Persons save and except such Person or Persons as shall be lawfully entitled to have and to*use the Same for the Purpose of damping Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed to be damped by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being) shall have in his, her or their Possession any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp to resemble any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or used or hereafter to be kept or used at the said Stamp Office for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed to be damped, any of the Duties 10 charged or to be charged thereon as aforesaid, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp shall not be then kept or used at the Said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby Audi not be then payable in Ireland; or shall mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper or other Matter which heretofore was or hereafter shall be directed to be stamped, any Device, Mark or Impression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office in Dublin for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter or Thing so directed to be damped, any of the Duties charged thereon by any Act of Parliament which shall be or shall have been in force in Ireland at or before the time when such Mark or Device dull hare been so used or kept at the said Office though such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Device, Mark or Impression, may not be used or kept at the said Office at the time of such Offence committed 5 of if any Person shall use, utter, vend, or sell, or cause to be used, uttered, vended or sold, or shall have in hi# or her Possession, with Intent to use, utter, vend or sell the same, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter, with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereupon, to resemble any Device, Mark or Impression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid for the Purposea aforesaid, or any of them, though not then used or kept for the said Purposes, or any of them, or though the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, knowing such Device, Mark or Impression ta be counterfeited; or if any Officer or Officers in the Employment of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any other Person or Persons whatever, shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, hi# Heirs or Successorv

nark

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 81. 433

mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, or be aiding, abetting or assisting in marking fame, fec.with or impressing, or in causing or procuring to be marked or impressed, any Stamp, Mark or Impremon denoting kwful Die* with any of the Duties aforesaid, on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped, n^fficmers^ not delivered to him or them, or by the Athority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the Purpose of oinnH °nerS* being stamped with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid for the denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the Duties charged or to be charged thereon by any Act of Parliament, though such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp shall not be then kept at the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby should not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowingly have in his, her or their Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter required to be stamped, so fraudulently stamped, or marked with any Mark or Stamp to denote any of the aforesaid Duties, then and in every of said cases every such Person so offending, and being thereof fully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall, for the First Offence aforesaid whereof he or she shall be convicted, be transported for the Term of Seven Years; and for any of the Offences aforesaid which he or she shall commit after such Con-vision, shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper intended to be charged with any Stamp Duty, shall, before any of the Matters or Things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, shall be thereupon engrossed or written be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid, to be stamped and marked; and the said Commissioners and Officers are hereby required, upon Demand of the Person or Persons so bringing the same, forthwith without any Fee or Reward to stamp or mark any Quantity or Parcel of Vellum, Parchment or Paper so brought, such Person or Persons paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that behalf the respective Duties which they shall require to have so stamped or marked on the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner, or other Officer appointed or to be Officers stamp-appointed as aforesaid, shall fix or impress any such Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment or ing before Duty Paper, which shall be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid to be stamped or marked, before the Duty or

Duties denoted thereby shall be duly answered or secured to be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in such cases where such Security may by Law be taken, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where under or by the Provisions of this or any Additional

Other Act or Acts of Parliament, any Stamps shall at any time be made or become inapplicable to the Purpose* pot 00

for which the fame were intended, then and whenever it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any of them, upon request of any Person or Persons producing any Vellum, Parchment or

Paper, stamped withlfuch Stamp or Stamps to order, if they shall think proper so to do, that such Vellum,

Parchment or Paper be stamped with Stamps denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requesting the same shall require 5 the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given, paying the Difference in Amount (if any) between the Stamps which shall have been first impressed or marked on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and such Stamps as shall be so required to be impressed or marked on the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof on Oath or solemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker)

made before the said Commissioners or any of them, or before any Inferior Officer by them in that behalf ap- foc

pointed (and which Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hereby empowered to administer) to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner or Officer, that any stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, printed, engrossed or written

upon, and inadvertently and undesignedly spoiled or obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the

Purpose intended, hath not been executed or signed by any Party or Parties, or used for any of the Purposes

for which the fame was or were intended; and that the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation hath not,

nor hath any other Person on his Account received, and that such Person will not receive any Money or

other Consideration for the Stamp thereupon, and that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly

the Property of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath been paid for by such Person to the

full Amount of the Duty thereon; and that such Person will be a Loser to such Amount, unless such Person

shall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof, and upon the Person or Persons who shall produce such Proof,

delivering such stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, rendered unfit for use as aforesaid, and delivering also

at the same time a like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be stamped, then and in every such

case, the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be stamped or marked with the several and respective

J)utie8 stamped, marked or impressed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so rendered unfit for use, or with any other Duties which may be required, the Person so requiring the fame first paying the Difference of

Amount if any: Provided always, that such spoiled Stamps shall be brought to the Commissioners of Application for

Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin, within Six Calendar Months next after the same shall have been

spoiled, or rendered unfit for use, if the same shall belong to the Persons resident in Dublin, or within ma<je within

Ten Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within Twelve Calendar Months after the same shall have been spoiled, limited time.

if such Stamps shall belong to Persons resident elsewhere.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to Powers of allow as spoiled, and to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of any such Stamps as shall have been used for Commissioners or upon any Presentations to Ecclesiastical Benefices, which shall not be followed by Institution, or for or upon aoy Instruments which shall have been signed by any Party or Parties, but which shall be afterwards change spoiled found to be absolutely void in Law from the beginning, or which, by reason of any Error or Mistake therein. Stamps extend-shall be afterwards found unfit for the Purpose originally intended, or which, by reason of the Death of any ed to a variety Person whose Signature shall be necessary thereto, without having signed the fame, or by reason of the Refusal of case* ofln-55 Geo. III. H h of

Having in Pof* feition Paper, fcc. fraudulently stamped.

First Offence. Second Offence.

Paper stamped before written upon.

234 C. 8l.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

struments ligned by Parties.

Limitation of time.

Previso.

Allowance for spoiled Stamps on Bills of Exchange, fcc.

Limitation of time.

Commissioners of Stamps may make Regulations and require Affidavits respecting spoiled Stamps.

Deeds, Sec. written on undamped Paper may be damped.

Fine.

Fine.

Deeds, Icc. written on Paper having forged Stamps thereon may be damped.

of any such Person to sign the fame, cannot be completed so as to effect the Transaction in the Form proposed, or which, for want of the Signature of some material and necessary Party, shall in fadi be incomplete and insufficient for the Purpose intended, or which, by reason of the Refusal of any Person to act under the fame, or by the Refusal or Nonacceptance of any Office or Trust thereby granted, shall fail of their intended Purpose, or which, for want of Inrollment within the time required by Law, shall become null and void, or which shall become useless in consequence of the Transaction therein mentioned being effected by some other Instrument or Instruments duly stamped, so that the Instruments for which an Allowance of Stamps shall be claimed in the several cases aforesaid shall be delivered up to the said Commissioners to be cancelled; and provided the Application for the Relief which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give shall be made within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or within Six Calendar Months after the Date of the Instrument in question, except where the same shall become void for want of Inrollment within Six Calendar Months from the Date, and in those cases within Six Calendar Months next after the same shall so become void, and except where the same shall have been sent abroad, and in those cases within Six Calendar Months after the same shall be received back; and provided no Action shall have been brought or Suit commenced, in which such Instrument could or would have been given or offered in Evidence, and provided all the Facts upon which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give Relief shall be duly proved by Oath (or solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers) to their Satisfaction.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to allow as spoiled, and to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of all such Stamps as shall have been used for any Bills of Exchange or Promissory Notes, which shall have been signed by or on the Behalf of the Drawers thereof, but which shall not have been delivered out of their Hands to the Payees therein named, or any Person on their Behalf, or deposited with any Person as a Security for the Payment of Money, or any way negociated, issued or put m Circulation, or made use of in any other manner whatsoever, and which Bills of Exchange shall not have been accepted by the Drawees, or tendered for such Acceptance 5 provided that such Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes shall be brought for Allowance, and be delivered up to the said Commissioners at their Stamp Office in Dublin, to be cancelled within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or within Six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bills and Notes, or after the signing of the fame, if they shall not bear Date; and provided all the Fa&s upon which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give Relief, shall be fully proved by Oath or solemn Affirmation to their Satisfuction.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to make such Rules and Regulations, and to require Affidavits or solemn Affirmations in the case of Quakers, of all such Fads and Circumstances in regard to the Allowance of spoiled or useless Stamps, in all or any of the cases aforesaid, as they shall in their Discretion judge necessary or expedient for the Purpose of preventing Frauds and Evasions, such Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before the said Commissioners or any One or more of them, or before any Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners, who are hereby respectively authorized to take the fame, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath engrossed or written at any time since the Commencement of any Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which such vAum, Parchment or Paper at the time of such Writing or Engro Ament was or shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty save and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons) before such time as the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath been or shall be marked or stamped with such Mark or Stamp as was or shall be by Law required for the fame, or hath or have engrossed or written the fame, or caused the same to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write the fame, or cause the same to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper not stamped with any Duty, or stamped or marked for any lower Duty than the Duty payable at the time, in respect of what hath been or shall be so engrossed or written thereon, then and in every such case there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Remainder or the whole of the Amount of the Duty, as the case may be, so payable by Law for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing; and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of such Deed, Instrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five YearB the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above such Duty or Remainder of Duty payable as aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty or Remainder of Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and (lamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp that ffidll be proper for such Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath engrossed or written at any time since the Commencement of any Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper any of the Matters or Things for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper at the time of such Writing or Engrossment was or shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty, and such Vellum, Parchment or Paper shall have been or shall be marked or stamped with one or more forged Mark or Stamp or Marks or Stamps impressed thereon, or if any Person or Persons hath or have engrossed or written, or shall engross or write any such Matter or Thing, or hath or have caused, or shall cause any such Matter or Thing to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped with any forged or counterfeit Stamp or Mark, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons (other than such Person or Persons who shall have engrossed or Written or caused to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written

any

235

A.D. 18rj. 55° GEORGII III. C. 8l.

any such Matter or Thing upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped with any forged or counterfeit Stamp, knowing such Stamp to be forged or counterfeited, or who shall have impressed any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or shall have caused the same to be impressed with any such counterfeit Stamp or Mark) to bring such Veil urn. Parchment or Paper to the Stamp Office in Dublin, to be stamped with the Stamp or Mark denoting the Duty payable by Law thereon; and there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Amount of such Duty so payable by Law for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing; and also the Sum Fine, of Ten Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the Space of Five Years from the passing of this Act, or from the Execution of such Deed, Instrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above such Duty so payable Fine, as aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and (lamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Instrument, save and except a Bill or Note of any In what case

Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons shall be engrossed or written on Parchment, Vellum or Paper within 6oDayt not duly stamped, and it shall satisfactorily appear to the said Commissioners of Stamps upon Oath or Affirma- Infauments tion or otherwise, that the fame hath happened either by Accident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity W

or unavoidable circumstances, and without any Intention in any Party to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument, then and in any of the said cases, if such Instrument shall within Sixty Days from the first Execution thereof be brought to the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin to be stamped, and the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument shall be paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, if they shall think proper so to do, to remit the Penalty payable as aforesaid, on stamping such Instrument or any Part thereof so executed without being stamped, and to cause such Instrument to be stamped with the proper Stamp, and every Person concerned in engrossing any such Instrument, or executing the fame, shall be thereupon exempt from all Penalties on account thereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, Deeds executed and they are hereby authorized to damp any Instrument executed out of Ireland, upon Payment of the Stamp out of Ireland Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time when such Deed shall be required to be stamped, without ay Payment of any additional Duty or Penalty, within the Space of Six Calendar Months from the First Execution thereof respectively, in case of the fame being executed in any Part of the United Kingdom, or within the Space of Two Years from the Execution thereof, in case of the fame being executed in any Place out of the United Kingdom, Proof being first made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Instrument was executed out of Ireland, and in the United Kingdom, or out of the United Kingdom, as the case may be, and within the times aforesaid respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Things in respect whereof any of the said Stamp Part of the Duties shall be payable shall be written or printed, or written and printed in such manner (and if printed or Writing to be written in Part, or entirely, before being stamped, shall be so stamped) that some Part of the Writing or on Printing thereof shall be on the Stamps or Marks which shall in pursuance of any Act or Acts then in force

be placed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper thereof; and such writing or printing shall from thence be so continued in the usual Form of writing, printing or engrossing Deeds or Writings, so that no Blank Space shall be left whereby such Stamps might be made applicable to any other Deed or Instrument whatever, upon Pain that the Person who shall write, engross or print, or (lamp, or cause to be written, engrossed or printed or stamped, any such Writing, Matter or Thing contrary to the true Meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall engross or write, or print, or cause to be en- Persons and grossed, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any Instru- 0cer# of.ment, Writing, Matter or Thing for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper ought, according to the Laws which DeedTro^Paper shall be then in force, to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty; or shall utter, issue, not juiy accept, receive or knowingly have in his or her Possession, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having such Instru- damped, ment, Writing, Matter or Thing engrossed, written or printed, or partly printed and partly written thereon,

such Vellum, Parchment or Paper being then not duly marked or stamped with such Mark or Stamp as shall be by Law required for such Instrument, Writing, Matter or Thing, at the time of so engrossing, writing or printing the fame; or marked or stamped for any low er Duty or Duties than the Duty or Duties which shall be then by Law payable thereon, in respect of the Matter or Thing so engrossed, written or printed thereon, or marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp which shall have been previously used for any other Purpose; such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in Penalty, case any Person or Persons shall, at any time file or cause to be filed in any Court of Law or Equity any Pleading,

Affidavit or other Proceeding, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, and there shall not be any time expressly allowed by Lawr for damping the fame after the filing thereof, and that such Pleading, Affidavit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing, shall not, at the time of filing thereof, be duly stamped, then and in every such case every Person who shall so file the fame or cause the same to be filed, and also every Officer of such Court who shall receive the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case any Clerk, Officer or other Person who, in respect of any Penalty.

Office or Employment, is or shall be entitled or entrusted to make, engross or write any Record, Entry,

Deed, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, wrhich shall be then chargeable with a Stamp Duty under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which shall be then existing or in force in Ireland, or to issue any Process, or to file any Proceedings, or to do any Act in the Execution of his Office with respect to any Article, Matter or


[Penalty.]

Officers answerable for Acts in Offices.

Cards and Dice sealed and JUmped. Penalty.

Penalty*

Ante-dating

Deeds.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

C. 81. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 181s.

Thing chargeable with any such Duty, shall be guilty of any Fraud, Practice or Neglect, by means whereof His Majesty* his Heirs or Successors, may be defrauded of any such Duty, by making, engrossing or writing any such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrumentor Writing, or by causing the lame to be made, engrossed or written upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not duly marked or stamped according to such Laws as shall be then existing and m force, or upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked or stamped with any Mark, Stamp or Impression which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by engrossing or writing any such Record, Deed, Instrument or other Writing upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, which shall be marked or stamped for a lower Duty than the Duty which shall be then by Law payable for the fame, or by neglecting to do any thing required byr him to be done in the Execution of his Office, or by doing any thing contrary to the Duty of his Office iu relation to any Stamp Duty or Duties, that then and in every such case such Clerk, Officer or Person so guilty of any such Fraud, Practice or Neglect, shall, for every tuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall also upon Conviction for such Offence forfeit his Office, Place or Employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future; and if any Attorney belonging to any Court whatsoever shall be guilty of any such Fraud as aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to pra&ifo as an Attorney; and if any Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, on which any such Stamp is or shall be by Law charged and made payable by any Act or Acts in force h& Ireland, shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be written or engrossed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, not being a known Clerk or Officer, who in respect of any Office or Employment is or shall be entitled to the making, writing or engrossing the fame upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped according to Law, or shall be written or engrossed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or stamped for a lower Duty than is by Law payable thereon (except under the Rules, Regulations and Directions in this Act contained), then and in every such case there shall be due and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing, over and above the Stamp Duty charged and payable thereon by Law, the Sum of Ten Pounds, and no such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court, or by any Person, to be good, useful or available in Law or in Equity, until as well such Stamp Duty as the said Sum of Ten Pounds shall be first paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the fame under the Hand or Hands of some Officer appointed to receive the Duties of Stamps, nor until the Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which such Records, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with the proper Mark or Stamp to denote the Duty payable thereon; and the proper Officer or Officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds, unto him or them to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark or (lamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp proper for such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Court in Ireland, who shall usually act in Person in such Matters, and the known Deputy of any Officer who shall not usually so act, in whose Office any Pleading, Affidavit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing mall have been received, shall, as to the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to have received the fame; and that every Clerk, Officer or other Person as aforesaid, who shall make, engross or write, or cause to be made, engrossed or written any such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Wnting upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or stamped with any Mark, Stamp or Impression which shall be counterfeited, shall, in any Proceeding for the Recovery of the Penalty in that respect aforesaid, be deemed and taken to have known such Mark, Stamp or Impression to be countefeited, unless he shall prove that the fame was bought at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or at the Office of some Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps, or in the Office or Shop of a Person duly licensed to fell Stamps.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Playing Cards or Dice shall be uttered, vended, fold, or exposed to Sale, or played with, or shall be kept by any Person with Intent to utter, vend, sell, expose to Sale, or play with the lame, which shall not be duly lealed, marked and stamped respectively, according to Law, upon Pain that every Person who shall utter, vend, sell or expose to Sale, or knowingly play with, or have in his or her Possession, with Intent to utter, vend, sell or play with the fame, any such Cards or Dice which shall not be so sealed, marked or stamped, shall forfeit for every such Pack of Cards and for every such Die so uttered, vended, fold or exposed to Sale, or played with, or' so in his or her Possession with Intent to utter, vend, sell or play with the fame, the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, for the Purpose of evading any of the Stamp Duties, which shall at any time be payable under any Act or Acts then in force in Ireland, execute any stamped Instrument without a Date, or which shall bear Date prior to such Execution thereof, or shall fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Date, Sum or Thing engrossed or written in such Instrument, Matter or Thing as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently cut, tear or take off any Mark or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Mark or Stamp for any other Writing, Matter or Thing, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, then and in every such case, every Person so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and any Deed, Instrument or Writing, wherein any of the said Frauds shall have been committed, shall be deemed not to have been duly stamped; Provided nevertheless, that if any Deed or Instrument shall have been duly executed by any of the Parties thereto, on the Day when the fame bears Date, such Deed or Instrument may be lawfully executed at any time afterwards by the other Parties thereto, or any of them, notwithstanding any intervening Change in the Stamp Duty or Duties payable on such Deed or Instrument, if the same shall have been duly stamped at the time of such prior Execution thereof, and such Deed or Instrument shall in such case be deemed to be duly stamped.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 81. 237

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties charged and to be charged by Law in Ireland Duty piyable upon any Probates or Letters of Administration, or Receipts for Legacies, or Shares or Proportions of any only for Estatet Estate or Effects, shall be deemed and taken to be charged and payable only in respect of the Amount or situate devalue of such Estate and Effects as shall be situated in Ireland, and of such Legacies as shall be payable out lan<* of Estates and Effects in Ireland.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Probate of Probates of the Will of any Person deceased, or the Letters of Administration of the Effects of any Person deceased, here- draftees tofote granted or to be hereafter granted in Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be valid and available by the ees* Executors or Administrators of the Deceased, for recovering, transferring or assigning any Debt or Debts or other Personal Estate or Effects, whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled, either wholly or partially as a Trustee, notwithstanding that the Amount or Value of such Debt or Debts, or other Personal Estate or Effects, or the Amount or Value of so much thereof or such Interest therein as was Trust Property in the Deceased, as the case may be, shall not be included in the Amount or Value of the Estate, in respect of which the Stamp Duty was paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased Transfer of shall be desirous of transferring or of receiving the Dividends of any Share standing in the Name of the De- Stock, under ceased, of and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds transferrable at the Bank of Ire- Xrustees ° land, or of and in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of and in the Stock and Funds of any other Company, Corporation or Society whatsoever, patting by Transfer in the Books of such Company, Corporation or Society, under and by virtue of any such Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, and shall allege that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ and for any such other Company, Corporation or Society as aforesaid, or their respective Officers, fdr their Indemnity and Protection, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fa A as herein after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and thereupon to permit such Executors or Administrators to transfer the Stock or Fund in question, or receive the Dividends thereof, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or Letters' of Administration of his or her Effects j and where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have Occasion to recover any Debt or Debts or other Personal Effects due or apparently belonging to the Deceased, and shall allege that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons liable to pay or deliver such Debt or Debts or other Effects, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as herein after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and thereupon to pay, deliver or make over the Debt or Debts or other Effects in question to such Executors or Administrators, or as they shall direct, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects; and where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have Occasion to assign or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceased, or any Chattels Real or other Personal Effects whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled) and shall allege that the fame respectively was or were due or vested in the Deceased either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use such Debt or Debts, Chattels Real or other Personal Effects shall be purposed to be assigned or transferred, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as herein after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and thereupon to accept the proposed Alignment or Transfer, without regard to the amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Requisition as aforesaid, the Executor or Executors* Affidavit made Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, or some other Person or Persons to whom the Fads shall by Executors, be known, shall make a special Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and circumstances of the case, stating the "to Tru(l Property in question 5 and that the Deceased had not any beneficial Interest whatever in the fame, or no other roPerly* beneficial Interest therein than shall be particularly mentioned and set forth, as the case may be, but was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or in Part, as the case may be, in trust for some other Person or Persons whose Name or Names or other sufficient Description shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation, or for such Purposes as shall be specified therein; and that the beneficial Interest of the Deceased, if any, in the Property in question doth not exceed a certain Value to be therein also specified according to the best Estimate that can be made thereof, if reversionary or contingent, and that the Amount or Value of the Estate for which the Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or on the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects, is sufficient to include and cover such beneficial Interest of the, Deceased, as well as the rest of the Personal Estate, whereof or where to the Deceased was beneficially possessed or entitled, and for which such Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted, as far as the fame have come to the Knowledge of such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators 5 and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circumstances of the Trusts shall be made by any other Person than the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators shall make Affidavit or Affirmation that the same are true to the best of his, her or their Knowledge, and that the Property in question is intended to be applied and disposed of accordingly 5 which Affidavits or Affirmations shall be sworn or made before a Matter in Chancery, Ordinary, or Extraordinary (who is hereby authorized to take the fame, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose), and shall be delivered to the Party or Parties requiring the fame, and shall be sufficient to indemnify and proteA the Party or Parties acting upon the Faith thereof; and if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oath or Affirmation of or concerning

Perjury.

Unpaid Stamp Duty, Debt to The Crown.

Neglecting to pay Duties complained of to Court of Exchequer.

Stamps judicially noticed.

Deeds on higher Stamps than required, valid; unless in case of appropriated Sumps.

Inspectors of Stamps in Courts, and Orders to Courts thereon.

Prices of Stamped Paper ascertained, and Distribution of fame through Ireland.

1.imitation of Actions.

C. 8l. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

cerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and set forth, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Perfect* convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who hath written, printed, engrossed or executed, or who shall write, print, engross or execute any Record, Deed, Instrument, Copy, Matter or Thing, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty is or shall be payable, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, which hath not been or shall not be duly damped to denote the Payment of such Duty, and also every Person who in any other manner whatsoever is or shall be liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty, and who by any Contrivance, Neglect or Omission, shall have omitted or neglected to pay any Stamp Duty, which, in respect of any Ad, Matter or Thing heretofore done or caused to be done by him, or hereafter to be done or caused to be done by him, shall have been by Law payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for such Duty, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt from such Person to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Baron* of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, upon Application to be made for that Purpose on behalf of the said Commissioners of Stamps, upon such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the said Court may appear to be sufficient, to grant a Rule requiring such Person or Persons to shew Cause why he, she or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamps an Account, upon Oath, of all such Duties so due, and why the fame should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every case in which the fame may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties, together with such Coils of such Proceedings as the said Court shall think proper to award and direct.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Justice and Judges in Ireland shall, without Allegation or Proof in that behalf, take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks and Stamps heretofore or now kept or used, or to be hereafter kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable in Ireland, and that no Record, Deed, Instrument, Writing or Printing whatever (for which the Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the fame is or shall be written or printed, is or shall be or at the time of writing or printing the fame was or shall have been by Law chargeable with any Stamp Duty, though such Law has been or shall Lave been repealed), shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, be pleaded or given or received in Evidence in any Court in Ireland, or admitted in any Court in Ireland to be good or available in Law or Equity, unless the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the fame hath been or shall be so written or printed, shall be duly marked or stamped with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Record, Deed, Instrument or Printing respectively: Provided always, that if any Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall happen to be executed or written on any Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for such respective Deed, Instrument or Writing, at the time of the Execution thereof, the same shall be considered as duly stamped, to all Intents and Purposes: Provided nevertheless, that if such Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be of a Kind for which separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided as aforesaid, then and in such case the same shall not be considered as duly stamped, for or in respect of having thereon any Stamp to any Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unless such greater Stamp so impressed thereon shall be One of the Stamps or Marks so appropriated to such Kind of Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being shall and may, from time to time as they shall see Occasion, appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ireland, which Person or Persons shall have full Power and Authority to inspect and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper upon which any of the Matters or Tilings in respect of which any Stamp Duty shall at any time be payable shall have been engrossed or w ritten or put; and also the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and also all other Matters and Things tending to secure the Duties which have been or shall from time to time be payable upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and that the Judges in the several Courts in Ireland, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the Request of the said Commissioners, or of any of them, shall make such Orders in their respective Courts, and do such other Matters and Things for the better securing of the said Duties as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf.

XLIX. And, for the better Distribution of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and in order that all Persons may have the fame with Convenience, and at an easy Rate, be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall, as often as he or they shall think proper, set the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall be sold; and the said Commissioners of Stamps shall damp the Prices so set upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and on every Piece and Sheet of Paper so by them to be sold, and that the said Commissioners shall take special Care that the several Parts of Ireland shall be from time to time sufficiently furnished with such Vellum, Parchment and Paper stamped or marked as aforesaid, so that all Persons may have it in their Election to buy the fame of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners at the usual Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be stamped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall be legally entitled to utter or sell the same.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done under the Authority of or in pursuance of this Act or of any Act. which shall be then in force in Ireland relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties save wdiere otherwise particularly directed, then and in every such case the said Action or Suit shall be coro-

13 menced

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 81.

menced within Six Calendar Months after the Fa& committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought may plead the General Issue and give the Special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act or such other Acts as aforesaid; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing - the fame, or shall be brought in any County, City or Place other than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Plaintiff in such Action shall be nonsuited; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be so or otherwise nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

LL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which is, are or shall be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British Currency, unless otherwise expressly directed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed, or to be imposed, by or under this Act, or any other Act or Acts which is or are or shall be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating to the Payment or Regulations of any Stamp Duty, may be recovered with Costs of Suit, by any Person who shall sue for the fame, save where the contrary is particularly directed, }by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, in which no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Recorder, Chairman or Assistant Barrister, within whose Local Jurisdiction such Offence shall have been committed; and that every such Penalty, not particularly directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid and distributed, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person suing for the fame; and that the like Appeal shall and may be lawful from the Decision on any such Civil Bill, and under the fame Terms, Regulations and Conditions as in the case of any Civil Bill, for any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds in an Action of Debt on a Bond, Bill or Specialty for Payment of Money only.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which by or under the Provisions of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Ireland^ relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, any Seizure is directed or permitted to be made, the Person or Persons making such Seizure shall within Ten Days from the time of making such Seizure leave at the Office of the Distributor of the District wherein such Seizure shall have been made, a Note in Writing signed by such Person or Persons dating the Time and Place of such Seizure, and the reason for making the same, which Note shall be immediately filed at the said Office; and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or any of the Owners of such Goods so seized, or of any Part thereof at any time after the filing of such Note, and within Twenty one Days from the Day of such Seizure to require and obtain at such Office a Copy of such Note, paying for the same One Shilling and no more, and to leave at such Office a Claim in Writing, signed by such Person or Persons, dating his or her Place of Abode, and claiming such Goods so seized, or any Part thereof that may be specified therein, as or on behalf of the Owner or Owners, or One of the Owners thereof; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons making such Seizure, at any time not exceeding Thirty Days from the making of such Seizure, to require a Copy of such Claim, paying for the same One Shilling and no more, and to make Application to any Justice of the Peace in and for the County, County of a City or County of a Town, wherein such Seizure shall have been f6 made, for a Summons, to the Person or Persons so making such Claim, and such Justice of the Peace shall issue such Summons accordingly, thereby requiring every such Claimant to appear before him at a Time and Place to be therein named, for the Decision of such Claim; and such Summons, being duly served on such Claimant or Claimants either personally or at his, her or their Places of Abode mentioned in such Claim, and Copies of such Seizing Note and Claim attested by the Distributor of such District, or Person or Persons acting as such, being produced before such Justice of the Peace, he shall and may proceed to hear the Merits thereof, and such Evidence or Admissions, if any, as may be produced or made applicable thereto, and shall thereupon dr upon the Nonappearance of either Party decide on the Merits of such Seizure, and make his Adjudication thereon accordingly: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for either Party against whom such Adjudication shall be made, at any time within Ten Days from the making thereof, to appeal thereupon in manner herein after mentioned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from such Adjudication, who shall in a summary way hear and decide on the fame, and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices at Sessions as aforesaid to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to him or them shall seem meet.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons so making such Seizure shall not leave such Notice in Writing at such Distributor's Office as aforesaid, or in case of such Claim being put in as aforesaid, shall not cause such Summons to be issued and served as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to have been unlawfully made; and if after the filing of such Seizing Noteas aforesaid, such Claim shall not be made as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to have been lawful and just; and if such Summons shall have been issued, then the Adjudication of such Justice, if not effectually appealed from, and in case of such Appeal, the Decision of the Court of Quarter Sessions, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

*39

[General Issue.]

Treble Cod*.

Penalties in British Currency.

Penalties, Sec. how sued for. See.

Appeal.

Condemnation of Goods feiaed before one Justice, who may determine Claims to such Goods.

Appeal.

Seizure unlawful for want of Notice, See.

540 G.8l.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Recognizance and Appeal

Penalties not exceeding 40I recovered before Just ice of Peace.

Warrant.

Imprisonment,

Recognizance.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Party desirous of making such Appeal shall, within Ten Days from the making such Adjudication, enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties, before the Justice making such Adjudication, or in his Absence before any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City, in such Sum as such Justice shall think proper to pay, the Costs, if any, which may be adjudged against him, her or them thereon, and if he, she or they shall not do so, such Appeal shall be null and void.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland within whose Jurisdiction any Offence, for which the Penalty shall not exceed Forty Pounds, shall be committed against this Act, or against any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Ireland relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty in which it is not exprefdy directed to the contrary; and every such Justice is hereby authorized, empowered and required, ilpdn any Information or Complaint in Writing, in such case to summons the Party accused of such Offence, and also the Witnesses, if any, 011 cither Side, and to examine into the Fast, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the Confession of the Party or Person accused of such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for such Penalty and Costs to be assessed by such Justice, and thereupon to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying such Penalty and Colts, on the Goods of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any), and where Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty and Costs, such Justice of the Peace or any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City or Town, in which such Conviction shall be, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison for such time as he shall judge to be proper, not less than One Calendar Month nor more than Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Costs shall be sooner paid; and if any Person, whether Prosecutor or Party convicted, shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Peace, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Person, upon giving sufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties before such Justice, in case such Appeal shall be by the Prosecutor, to pay such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed; and in case such Appeal shall be by the Party convicted, then upon giving such Security to pay tlje Amount of the Penalty imposed and the Costs awarded by such Con vision, together with such further Costs as aforesaid, to appeal to the Justice or Justices at the next General Sessions of the County which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from the Day in which such Conviction shall have been made, in the District in which such Offence shall have been committed, if such County shall be divided into Districts, or if not so divided, then at the General Sessions of the County, or County of a Town or City, which shall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days previous to the First Day of such Quarter Sessions respectively, and such Justices at such Sessions shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally hear and determine such Appeal; and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices as aforesaid to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occhfioned by such Appeal as to him or them shall seem meet; and such Justice or Justices of the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall and may thereupon proceed in the same manner in all respects as the Justice making such Conviction mi^ht or could have done if such Appeal had not taken place, and no Certiorari shall in any Place be granted to examine or remove any such Conviction whether before or after any such Appeal.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act, or under any Act or Acts in force from time to time, for tht Abode or Office. J*ayment of any Stamp Duties or Duty, or for regulating any such Duties or Duty, or the Collection thereof, whether the same shall be Bill, Plaint of Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or by Civil Bill, or by any Proceeding before a Magistrate or Magistrates, or on any Writ of Error or Appeal from any Decision that the Original or any other Process or Summons, or any Notice of Order whatsoever, should be personally served on the Defendant or Defendants or any of them, but it shall in all such cases be sufficient that the fame be served at his, her or their then Place or Places of Abode; and if any such Defendant shall be an Officer of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland\ and if such Proceeding shall in any wise relate to the Business of his Office, or any Offence, Act or Neglect therein, then it shall be sufficient to serve such Original or other Process, or Summons, or Notice, or Order, in manner aforesaid, at his Office, on some Person acting or employed in the Business thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to be convicted before any Justice of the Peace for any Offence committed against this Act or any other Act, composing or in any wise relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Doty or Duties, unless Complaint shall be made within Twelve Months from the time of committing such Offence.

&IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in any of the said cases, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear (the Expence of such Witness or Witnesses, if he, she or they shall be required to go to a greater Distance than Five Miles from Home, being first paid or tendered, without a reasonable Excuse to be Slowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices of Sessions respectively), or, upon appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, and shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, then such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

16 LX. And

Appeal.

Notice.

Costs.

Certiorari

Process served at Place of

Limitation of Complaint.

Witnesse* refuting to attend, &c.

Peudty.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 8t. 241

LX. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty informer com-under this Act or under any Act, imposing or in any wise relating to the Collection or Management of any petent Witness. Stamp Duty or Duties, whether in any Suit to be instituted in any of the said Superior Courts, or by Civil Bill, or before a Justice or Justices, or at Sessions, any Informer or other Person who, in the Event of

Conviction, would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, shall nevertheless be received and admitted as a witness on such Trial or other Proceeding, and such Testimony shall, if believed, be sufficient thereon, to all Intents and Purposes, as far the fame Testimony could be if given by any indifferent Person,

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be con- porm of Convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, or of any Offence against any Act in any wise relating to the Payment viction. or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis, which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without setting forth the Evidence, or flaring the case in any more particular manner; that is to say,

TQE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A B. of in the County of

(or, County of the City or Town of at the case may be) was convicted before

me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of (or, County of the City, &c.) for that the said A.B. on the Day of

now last pail at in the said County of did {herefate the Offence), contrary

to the Statute in that case made and provided 5 and I do therefore adjudge the said A.B. to have forfeited a Sum of British Currency; and for the Costs,

which amounted together to the Sum of Given under my Hand and Seal the

Day of I

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Parchment and returned within Ten Conviction re-Days from the Day of such Conviction to the Clerk of the Peace for the County or County of a City or turned to Clerk County of a Town (as the case may be), or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, of Peace/ and to remain and to be kept among the Records of the same County or Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Ten Pounds. Penalty.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant so to be issued by any such Justice of the Peace for Form of levying any Sum under any such Conviction from the Goods of any such Offender shall be tn the Form Warrant, following, or in some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, which Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; that is to (ay,

County9« To M. and N. and each of them, and their and each of their Assistants.

now last post £. F. of

Day of then last

(or, County of the City or Town of J'ence) and thereupon the said E. F. hath British Currency, and to , I do therefore by these PreCents authorize

and command you, and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F. or a Suf-€ ficiency thereof, for levying the Sum last mentioned thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods

in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not he redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum*within Six Dfevs from the Day of taking the fame, you are by Public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum,

rendering to the said E> F. the Overplus (if any) and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to ms without delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal this

Day of One thousand .'

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, a Warrant shall be thereupon iffned for Form of Wjr-

- c. — t a/t — a — — _ r in j -- rant of Com-

tO wit.

WHEREAS on the Day of

was duly convicted, for that he (nr, (he) on the«pad at in the said County of

4 at thmeafe may be) did {here Jet out the

become liable to a Fine or Penalty of -

Costs, making together the Sum of

committing such Offender or Offenders in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned, to the Words 4 I do therefore by these Presentswhich Words, and all from thence to the Words. c disposed of according to Law, ' inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit, — < And Whereas on the t Day of a Warrant was issued to levy the last mentioned

Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum; I do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said E.F. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the said C.D. or any other Magistrate of the said County.'

And the Form of Committal, for committing any such Offender to Prison, shall follow the Form of such Warrant, fare only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words 4 I do therefore hereby authorize and command you, ' there shall follow these Words, to receive into tout Custody the Body of the said E. F. and him (or, her) safely to heep for from the Dote

neceof, unless the find Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under my Hand and Seal this ' Day of One thousand

55 Geo. III. I i And

mitt.iL

Faria wf Commiwl.

ie

Form of Warrant.

Form of Warrant of Committal.

Fbrm of Committal

Clerk of the

Peace to fend Copies of Convict ion to Stamp Dicti ibutors and they to Commit tionen.

[Penalty.]

The King's Share of Penalties, ^. paid to Receiver General, &c.

[Penalty.]

Only one Penalty recoverable for one Offence.

C. 81.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18f5.

WHEREAS on

(Z

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXIII. And be it farther enacted, That if any such Conviction as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the fame into Execution, shall be granted by the Justice or Justices so affirming the fame, or any of them; and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or some other Form of Words of the fame Import respectively;

County of

'*To M. and N. and each of them* their and each of their Assistants*

the Day of in the Year E. F» of

was duly convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, for that he or, (he), on the Day of last pad, at in the said County

d (here fit out the Offence), and thereupon the said E. F. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of

Ifritish Currency, and to Costs, making together the Sum of:

And Whereas the said E. F. appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions which hath affirmed the fame with Costs, making together with the said former Adjudication the Sum of

These are therefore to authorize and command you and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F. or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said last mentioned Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Six Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are by Public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said E, F. the Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to us, (or, to One of us, or, to me, as the case may be) without Delay, to bedisposed of according to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals (or, under my Hand and Seal) this Day of

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Sum, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender or Offenders in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned to the Words These are therefore to authorize and command youwhich Words, and all from thence to the Words disposed of according to Law, inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect shall be inserted in their Place; to wit, — 4 And Whereas on the Day of a Warrant was issued to levy the said last mentioned Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, We, (or, I) do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you, to take the Body of the said E. Em wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before us (or, me.)*

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words, We (or, I) do therefore hereby authorize and command you, ' then shall follow these Words, to*take into your Custody the Body of the said E. F. and him or her safely to keep for

from the Date hereof, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals (or, my«Hand and Seal) this Day of

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall, within One Calendar Month after any such Conviction shall have been returned to his Office, furnish to the next Distributor of Stamps in and for the County in which such Con vision shall have been made, a Copy of such Con vision, signed by himself, for which he shall receive from such Distributor the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and every such Distributor shall forthwith transmit such Copy, so signed, to the said Commissioners of Stamps at their Head Office in Dublin; and if any such Clerk of the Peace or Distributor shall neglect or omit so to do respectively, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That such Part, Share and Proportion as shall be payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of, from or out of any Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine, payable or recoverable under this Act, or any Amendment thereof, or under any Act or Acts which shall in any wise relate to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty in Ireland, shall, unless otherwise particularly directed, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by the Justice of the Peace or other Person by whom the same shall have been so levied or received, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, if the same shall have been so levied in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin; and if in any other Part of Ireland, then to the Distributor of Stamps in whose District the Offence was committed; and if any such Justice of the Peace, or other Person, shall neglect or omit so to pay over the fame, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if different Proceedings shall be had or taken against the same Person for the fame Offence, such Person shall nevertheless be liable only to One Penalty, the Right to which shall depend on the Priority of the Proceedings for Recovery of the fame; and if any Question shall arise concerning the Priority of such Proceedings, then and in such case the Proceeding under which the Party complained of shall have been first duly served with Summons or other Process, which shall be afterwards proceeded on without Delay by the Party informing or prosecuting, shall be considered as entitled to and shall have the Priority over any other Proceeding for the fame Offence, and shall accordingly vest the Right to the

14 Penalty

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 81, 82. 243

Penalty fought thereby 5 provided nevertheless, that if the Person against whom any such Proceeding shall be Prarifo. taken shall be an Attorney of any of the Superior Courts in Dublin, then the Service of Notice of a Declaration filed shall, for the Purposes aforesaid, be of the fame Effect as the Service of Summons or Process J as aforesaid.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer in Ireland, shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry into execution this Act, or any Act or Acts which is r«hiOng to act. or shall be in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, or any of the Provisions thereof, upon proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Peace,

Magistrate or Peace Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal. Penalty.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Commissioners Duties by Order and under the Directions of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trea- maX "\higate surer of Ireland to mitigate any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be incurred by any Distributor of Order of Tre^ Stamps as aforesaid, or which shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of any Justice of the Peace fu under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, so far as concerns the Proportion of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by such Justice of Peace, payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several Clauses, Provisions and Regulations Commencement therein contained, shall commence and take effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight of Act. hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

as to the Stamp Duties, ante, c. 78.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to grant Duties of Customs, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods,

Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties,

Drawbacks and Bounties; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland.

[14th June 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Majesty's Government, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred Duties in^ch. and fifteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs (A.) on In&port-and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided) without any Discount whatever upon the Good*

Importation into Ireland of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in the Schedule cv, c*to this Act annexed, marked (A.) the several increased Duties of Customs inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule, according to the respective Amounts of the said Duties, and for and during, and from and after the several Periods and Times in the said Schedule mentioned, specified and set forth; and that on the Exportation of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize from Ireland (except to Great Drawbacks on Britain), there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties of Im- Exportation (pe-portation, as the same are also respectively inserted, specified and set forth in the said Schedule marked (A.), and that upon the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of the Silk Manufactures of Ireland -5^ described in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed, there shall be paid and allowed the several allowed. Bounties and Allowances as the same are set forth and described in the Words and Figures therein mentioned, and that the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties payable in Ireland upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to Provisofor extend to repeal or alter any of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and 39 u 4° G. 3, Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the C, Q6£*

Reign of His present Majesty, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign 3

of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the said Twelfth Day of with respect to May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Duties of Cuf-Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any Goods, Wares toms or Excise. or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, exported from Ireland to Great Britain, '

are respectively made, to remain liable to, or are charged with, or exempted from any Duties of Customs or Excise, whether countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, save and except as to the Countervailing or other Duties and Drawbacks granted by the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ and which are or may,

be altered by this Act, or have been or - may be altered by any other Act x>r Acts made or to be made in pursuance of the Provisions in the said Acts of Union for that Purpose.

I i 2*III. And

144 C. 8a. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

39 & 40 G.3,

C. 67.

40 G.3. (L) c. 38.

Countervailing Duties on Silk Manufactures specified ill Sch. (B.)

54 G. 3. c. 129. $ 3. Sch. (C.) repealed.

Duties, &c. in British Curw rrency.

<Consolidated

'Fund.

Duties according to Tale, It c.

Duties on Silk tow charged.

Duties paid on Goods secured m Warehouses.

[Proviso.]

Duties secured by Bond.

Drawl acks and Bounties how paid.

III. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of the several increased Duties of Customs imposed by this Act, and the ' Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed, on Organzined and Raw Silks imported into Ireland, increased

Countervailing Dikies should be charged on all Silk Manufactures of Great Britain, imported from thence

into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said several increased Duties of Custoros in Ireland Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be charged on the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain imported directly from thence into Ireland, mentioned, set forth and described in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed, the several Countervailing Duties therein in Figures respectively inserted, specified and set forth according to the respective Amounts of the said Duties, and for and during and from and after the several Periods and Times in the said Schedule mentioned, specified and set forth, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such Silk Manufactures, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; and that upon the Exportation of any Article of like Denomination, being of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty on the like Article in the said Schedule, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties in this Act, and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency, and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties in the said Schedules specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in this Act and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, Weight, Gauge, Measure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in Proportion upon any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act granted on the Importation. into Ireland, of the several Sorts of Silk mentioned and set forth in this Act, and the Schedules nfafked (A.) and (B.) thereto annexed, payable from the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be charged and payable on all such Silk as shall not have been entered on or before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and that in like manner the several Duties payable on such Silk from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be charged and payable on all such Silk as shall not have been entered, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that in like manner the several Duties payable on such Silk from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be charged and payable on all such Silk as shall not have been entered, or on which the Duties due and payable On the Importation thereof fhatt not have been paid on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, although such Silk may have been imported into Ireland at any time before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or before the said Fifth Day of January One thouiaid eight hundred and twenty respectively.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties granted, mentioned and set forth in this Act, and the said Schedule marked (A) thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned, as, having been imported into Ireland, shall have been or shall be Warehoused, or shall have been secured, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first paid, and shall remain or shall have remained so warehoused or secured on or after the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in pursuance or by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament m force for that Purpose, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize until the time when the Duties which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been subject to before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, would have been payable by Law.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation into Ireland of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize specified in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act and the said Schedule granted or imposed on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, may in like manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks and Bounties granted, allowed and made payable upon or in respect of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes mentioned and specified in the Schedules to this Act annexed, or any of them, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall have paid the Duties imposed on the Importation thereof under the said recited Acts or any of their, or under any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, and as shall

15 be

A.D. 1815.

5j° GEORGII III.

C. 82#

*45

be exported from Ireland, at any time after the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the several and respective Drawbacks and Bounties, granted, allowed and made payable by or under this Act, or the Schedules thereto annexed, or any of them, mall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Articles as shall have paid the several and respective Duties imposed thereon by this Act, and the Schedules (A.) and (B.) thereto annexed.

IX. And be it further enadea, That whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Customs or Excise ^utle* repealed in Great Britain granted or made payable by any Ad in force in Great Britain at the time of the paiEng of or g^caled this Act upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by this Act, or the Schedules marked (A.) and or reduced in <B.) hereto annexed, or any Part of such Duties in Great Britain, shall cease or determine or be repealed, or Ireland in like toe or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall be made that so much of the Duties of manner. Customs granted by this Act and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed as aforesaid in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine' or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs or Excise or any Part thereof, shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, and the Duties of Customs made payable by this Act shall be reduced accordingly.

X. And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant to His 54^«3» c.x Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, it Hf 4 among other things, enacted, that whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Customs or ExcHe §32.

4 in Great Britain, granted or made payable by any Ad in force in Great Britain upon any Articles oa which any Duty is imposed by the said recited Act or the Schedule thereto annexed, or any Part of such Duties, in Great Britain, shall cease or determine or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall be made that so much of the Duty of Customs granted by the said recited Act and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine or be repealed and shall not be payable in Ireland: And Whereas under and by virtue of the Exception contained in an Act made in tn« present Ante, c. 33.

Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of Goodsf Wares and Merchandize, a certain Proportion of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain on the Import*

ation of Cotton Wool in certain Ships will cease and determine from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and it is therefore just and necessary that a certain Proportion of the Duties on Cotton Wool imported into Ireland in certain Ships should in like manner cease and determine pursuant to the recited Provision in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Sum of Duty on Cotton EightShilIings and Four pence British Currency, Part of the several and respective Duties payable upon Wool imported every One hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool imported into Ireland, under the said recited Act of the last iMoJfrdand to Session of Parliament, shall cease and determine, and shall no longer be payable in Ireland upon any Cottas c Wool which shall be imported into Ireland in British or Irish*built Ships, navigated and registered according to Law, or which shall be imported into Ireland from any of the Dominions of the Crown of Portugal in any Portuguese Ship: Provided always, that the several and respective Duties granted and made payable under Piwife*. the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or the Schedule thereto annexed, on Cotton Wool imported into Ireland in any other Ships or Vessels, shall continue and remain payable as if this Act had not been made.

XI. And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importalton thereof being first paid, it is, among other things, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Ptoprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize enumerated and deferibedin the Schedule to the said Act annexed marked (B.) which shall be legally imported or brought into the Port of Dublin, or into any Port in Ireland to which Tobacco may by Law be imported, to land any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize without Payment, at the time of the first Entry thereof, of the Duty on the Importation thereof: And Whereas it is expedient to permit and suffer such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be entered, landed and imported in any Port in Ireland, although the same shall not be a Port aft which Tobacco may by Law be imported* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of Goodi deferibod this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or !, ^ort^th*Consignees of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize mentioned or described in the said Table marked (B.) to ©in Payment of the said Act annexed, which shall be legally imported or brought into any Port in Ireland whatever, to land Dmy, an/fe-any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize at such Ports without Payment at the time of the first Entry thereof cured under of the Duties due on the Importation thereof, and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may be lodged or fe- such Regulations cured in any Port at or in such Places, and under such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Four or more of them, shall from time to time order, appoint and direct; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and all and every the Provisions, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act contained shall extend and be construed to extend to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize in every respect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been entered, landed and secured in any of the Ports in the said Act mentioned, under the Provisions and Authority of the said recked Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

48 0.3. c. 32.

246 C. 8*.

55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Goods deficient of actual Quantity to pay Duty.

Goods entered for Exportation fraudulently un shipped forfeited.

Unmanufactured Tobacco imported from any Foreign State, or from Malta, Sec. and exported, ftc. for Home Trade, on Payment of like Duties as Tobacco of United States.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in Warehouses, or secured without Payment of Duty, shall at any time or by any means fall short or be deficient of the actual Quantity which ought to be or remain warehoused or Secured, after allowing for so much and such Part of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall have been delivered for Exportation or Home Consumption, if any such shall have been so delivered, the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be subject and liable to the full Duties due and payable upon such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, at the time when such Deficiency shall be ascertained, for or in respect of the Quantity so deficient as aforesaid, and shall pay and satisfy the* lame before the Bond given or entered into on the warehousing or securing of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be delivered up or cancelled, and before any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so warehoused or secured, then remaining, shall be permitted to be taken out, either for Exportation or for Home Consumption; and all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so remaining, shall be subject to the Duties so deficient, and shall and may be sold for Payment of the fame, and of Warehouse Rent, and other Charges, upon the Expiration of the time for exporting the fame, or paying the Duties thereon.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall have been warehoused or otherwise secured in Ireland, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for that Purpose, shall, after having been entered for Exportation, be fraudulently unfiiipped or relanded, except by Necessity or Distress, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in Ireland.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to import directly or through Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever within any Foreign State, or from Malta or Gibraltar, any Sort of unmanufactured Tobacco in British or /rebuilt Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Country or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated in any manner whatever, into any of the Ports of Ireland into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, and to enter, land, and lodge or secure such Tobacco in any Warehouse or Warehouses provided according to Law for the Reception of Tobacco in Ireland, and that such Tobacco may he exported from Ireland in like manner, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the United States of America may be exported from Ireland or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland respectively at the time; and that the Exporter of any such Tobacco which shall be so imported shall, upon the said Tobacco being manufactured in Ireland, and exported according to Law, be entitled to and shall be allowed such and the like Drawbacks as are severally and respectively allowed upon the several Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the United States of America, legally exported from Ireland.

Mahogany, See. imported, entered within One Month after Report made of Invoice of VefleL Penalty.

4SG.3. c. 3*.

Goods imported from Levant subject to Duty payable to Levant Company.

On Exportation of Beef, &c. t salted in Ireland, Allowance of Puty on Salt made.

Certificates given at Tobacco Ports for Coffee, ftp. fold there.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who at any time after the passing of this Act! shall import into Ireland any Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals, shall make Entry of such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals respectively, within One Calendar Month next after Report shall be made of the Invoice of the Vessel in which such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals shall be imported; and if any Importer of such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals shall neglect so to make such Entry within such time as aforesaid, such Importer shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds British Currency; and in case any such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals, shall be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, all such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals, shall be cleared and taken out of and from the Warehouses or Places in which the same shall have been lodged and secured within Fifteen Calendar Months, to be computed from the Expiration of such Calendar Month next after such Report as aforesaid; and in case of Failure or Neglect in clearing and taking out such Timber within such Term of Fifteen Calendar Months, to be computed as aforesaid, such Mahogany, Timber, Wood and Deals shall be sold, and the Produce thereof applied in such manner as is directed with respect to all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Produce of Countries within the Levant Seas, imported into Ireland under the Authority of any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable in Ireland to the Levant Company, in like manner as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize had been imported into Ireland directly from Turkey.

XVII. And be it declared and enacted, That upon the Exportation from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain of any Beef, Pork, Tongues, Hams or Bacon, salted in Ireland, with Salt the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed to the Exporter of such Beef, Pork, Tongues, Hams or Bacon, the like Allowance or Bounty in the way of Drawback, for or in respect of the Duties charged upon such Salt used in the faking of such Beef, Pork, Tongues, Hams or Bacon, as is by Law allowed, and made payable on Beef, Pork, Tongues, Hams or Bacon, salted in Ireland, with Salt the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for Importing Merchants, in Ports in Ireland where Tobacco may by Law be imported, to give Certificates for all such Coffee, Sugar and Tea as they shall fell to Persons redding within the fhrae Port or Place where

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 82.

they shall have imported the same, of the several Parcels or Quantities of such Coffee, Sugar or Tea which they shall have fold; which Certificate shall have the fame Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes to protest such Coffee, Sugar and Tea within such Port or Place as Permits have in respect to Goods conveying or conveyed from one Place to another; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall, within any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek in Ireland be put on board any Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge or Boat, in order to be shipped or put on board any other Vessel, Ship or Boat for the Purpose of being exported from Ireland, and also whenever any Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall, within any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek in Ireland be unshipped, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel in order to be put into or on board of any Lighter, Wherry, Barge or Boat, for the Purpose of being entered and landed in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the Collector or Surveyor of the Port, or Tide Surveyor, or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any of them, in each and every of the respective cases aforesaid, to place an Officer or Officers of the Customs, not exceeding Two in Number, on board such Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge or Boat, from the time that any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be begun to be put into or on board such Lighter, Gabbard, Barge or Boat, there to remain for such time as to the said Commissioners, Collector, Surveyor or other Officer aforesaid in their Discretion shall seem fit; and every Owner, Mailer or other Person or Persons having charge of any such Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge or Boat, in the respective cases aforesaid, shall provide such Officer or Officers with a Bed or Hammock to rest or deep in under the Deck, or in some other Covered Birth or Place of such Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge or Boat, as shall be deemed good and sufficient by the superior Officer or Officers of such Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek, to protest such Officer or Officers so placed on board from the Inclemency of the Weather, and shall also provide such Officer or Officers with good and sufficient Food during the time of his or her being placed on board, and shall land such Officer or Officers at such Place within such Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek, as such superior Officer or Officers aforesaid shall direct 5 and for any Neglect or Refusal in any of the cases aforesaid, such Owner, Mailer or other Person having charge as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties, and Drawbacks and Bounties, by this Act granted or allowed, and made payable, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Rules and Direct ions as are appointed, directed and expressed, for the raising, collecting, levying, and paying and managing of.Duties, Drawbacks or Bounties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penuries or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late MajHly King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Imfojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein' inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management

of the Commissioners of Cuflims and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland j or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Extife, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party Or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any ther Act or Acts* as aforesaid is provided.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

INCREASED DUTIES of Customs to be paid and DRAWBACKS to be allowed upon the following Goods, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

DUTY. DRAWBACK.

British Currency. BrhHh Currency.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops, the Growth and £. /. d» £ s d*

Produce of Great Britain, imported directly from thence into Ireland - For and upon every Hundred Weight of solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark and other Vegetable Substances imported into Ireland, to be used for the Purpose of Tanning Leather, and for no other Purpose whatever, 0 0 2 0 0 2

not being the Manufacture of Great Britain [Sec Duties in Great Britain, c. 95. § I.post*] O u* O

247

On shipping, he. Goods, Officers of Customs shall be put on board Lighters, he, and be provided for*

[Penalty.]

Duties and Drawbacks ho*r levied and paid.

14 & 15 Car. ft.

(I.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 0.3. c. 106. he,

Appeal.

C. 8a.

55° GEORGII III.

i

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued*

A.D. 1815.

From 12th Day of May 18 r5, untiljtn Day of January 1817, inclusive. J C From 5th Day of January 1817, until 5 th Day of January iSlo. from and after [ yth Day of January 1820.

Duty. Drawback. Duty. Drawback. Duty. Drawback.

British Currency. British Currency. British Currency.

£. x. d. £. x. d* £. /. d. £. X. d. £. d. £. X. d.

O 2 7 — O 3* — O 39 — 4

O 2 7 — O 3* — 0 39 —

0 3 8 O 4 8 - — O -5 '7t —

0 2 7 O 3* O 39 1

0 2 8 O I I O 3 4 O i 4 O 3 tii 0 i j 8

0 3 8 O I IO O 4 7 0*3 O 5 6 0 2 9

1 10 4 O 12 8 I 17 11 0 15 XI 2 S 6 0 19 2

099 O 4*O 12 2 O 5 1 O 14 7i 0 6 "2

1 10 4 O 12 8 I 17 11 O 15 " 2 5 6 0 2

0 19 6 O 8 2 I 4 4 O 10 2 X94 0 -12 4

0 2 7 0 1 8 O 3 3 O 1 8 O 3 0 X 8

Silk* the-Growth or Produce f.of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to tho United Company of 'Merchftnt&of England trading to the East Indies,

For every lb. containing 16 Ounces Avoirdupois Weight of Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb.

Raw Silk; videlicet,

- Bengal Raw

Silk, the lb*

- of any other

--Sort, the lb.

Waste Silk, the lb. - — , the Growth or Produce of wy other Place,

For every lb. containing 16 Ounces Avoirdupois Weight of Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb.

Raw Silk, the lb.

Thrown Silk, organzmed, dyed, the lb.

- not dyed, the lb.

- not organzined,

dyed, the lb.

- uadyed, the lb. Waste Silk not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

SCHEDULE (B.) COUNTERVAILING DUTIES.

From the nth Day of May 1815, until 5th Day of January 1817 inchifive. From 5 th Day of January 1817, until 5th Day of January 1820. from and after the 5th Day a£ January 2820.

British Currency. British Currency. British CuumWfMt 1

£. X. d. £. X. d. £ X. dm i

O 4 10 O 6 1 0 7 4

O 4 O 7 11 096

O 2 10 O 3 7 0 4 4

O 39O 4 8 0 5 8

O 1 1 O 1 4 © 1

O 1 8 O 2 1 0 2 6

O 090 0 11 O 1 2

O 1 2 O 1 6 0 1 10

Upon Silk Manufactures of Great Britain imported

into Ireland,

- Upon every lb* containing 16 Ounces Avoirdupois, 01

All Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, the lb.

All Silks and Ribbons of Silk mixed with Gold and Silver, the lb.

All Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing Silk, the lb.

All Manufactures of Silk not other wise enumerated or described, the lb.

All Stuffs of Silk and Grogtam Yam, the lb.

All Stuffs mixed with Incle or Cotton, the lb.

All Stuffs of Silk and Worsted mixed, the lb.

All Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material* the lb.

A.D. 1815.

S9 GEORGII III.

*49

SCHEDULE (C.)

BOUNTIES on EXPORTATION of the SILK MANUFACTURES of Ireland to Foreign Conn.

tries; videlicet,

Mairafactures of Ireland made of or mixed with Silk, exported under the Regulations required by Law; videlicet,

Upon every lb. containing 16 Ounces Avoirdupois Weight of Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, the lb. Gauze or Crapes, the lb.

N.B. Two Thirds on Gauze, One Third on Crapes, to be deducted for Gum or Dress.

Silk Stockings, Gloves, Fringes, Laces, Stitching or Sewing Silk, the lb

- and Ribbons of Silk, mixed with Gold and Silver, the lb.

- Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn, the lb.

- Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton, the lb.

- Stuffs of Silk and Worsted, the lb*

British Cornacy.'

£ x. d*

650

050

OJO

068 0 12 Ol8

o o 10

CAP. LXXXin.

An Act to regulate the Payment of the Duties of Customs on Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, or into Ireland from Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Goods the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, haring been imported into either Country from the other.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by the A 6b paired in the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for the 39* 40 GLf«

Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is, among other things, enacted, that His Majesty's Subject c-67- Art*.

4 of Great Britain and Ireland shall be entitled to the fame Privileges, and be on the fame Footing generally 40 I1*)

4 in respect to Trade and Navigation in all Ports and Places in the United Kingdom and its Dependencies,

and that all Duty charged on the Import of Foreign or Colonial Goods into eiflier Country shall, on their

Export to the other, be either drawn back, or the Amount (if any be retained) shall be placed to the Credit of the Country to which they shall be so exported s And Whereas Duties of Customs are imposed in Great Britain and Ireland respectively on certain Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported in British*

built Ships, and higher Duties of Customs are imposed on the like Goods, Wares and Merchandize, if lm

ported in Foreign Ships; and Doubts may arise what Duties Foreign Goods are liable to, which, having been imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, are afterwards imported into either Country from the other Be it therefore enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That on the Importation of any Foreign or Colonial Goods, Wares and What Import Merchandize, into Ireland from Great Britain, or into Great Britain from Ireland respectively, which shall 1

have been previously imported from Foreign Parts into the Country from which the same shall be exported to

the other, such Import Duty of Customs shall be paid and payable as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Goods

had been imported from Foreign Parts either in a Foreign Ship or in a British Ship, according as they were in intodthor fa& first imported from Foreign Parts into the Country from whence they mall be exported to the other. Coaotryfircm II. And, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether any such Goods, Wares-or Merchandize were first dw ocher, "imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in a British or Foreign Ship, be it enacted, That in every Clsemawte Cocket or Clearance of any Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall be exported from Great Bn* tain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain respectively, it shall be fjpecified and set forth whether fuefi Goods, Wares or Merchandize, were first imported in a British-huHt Ship, or in a Foreign Ship into the oTltars^ Country from whence they shall be so exported to the other, and the Import Duty of Customs on such Goods, Vsflet.

Wares and Merchandize, shall be payable in the Country into which they shall be imported from the other accordingly; and if it shall not be expressed and set forth in such Cocket or Clearance of such Goods, Wares end Merchandize, whether the fame were so first imported in a British Ship or in a Foreign Ship, then and in such case such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be and be deemed liable to such Import Duties of Customs in the Country into which they shall be imported from the other, as if the fame had been imported into such Country in a Foreign Ship \ any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ it is, among other 39*

things enacted, that certain Articles the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of either Country, imported into.nt 4 each Country from the other, shall be subject to certain specific Duties in the said Acts mentioned, and that c jg/ 3* '

any Articles of the Growth, Produce or Mauufacture of either Country, which are or may be subject to Internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made iubje& on thek Importation into each Country respectively from the other, to Countervailing Duties in manner in the said Act* mentioned, and certain Articles specified in a Schedule in the said Acts contained are fubie&ed to the 55 Geo. III. K k ' Couu-

*5° 0: 83, 84.

Sf GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

When Goods imported into either Country from the other shall be exported. Exporter allowed Drawback equal to Duty, fee,

Proviso for Drawback payable by Law.

Duties and Drawbacks how levied and paid.

Apped.

Foreign Wines in Bottles, &c. containing Six Dozen Quart Bottles, or Fldks imported into either Country from the other.

Act amended,

Stfm

V Countervailing Duties therein set forth, liable to be taken off* dinvfoiffied or increased, in manner in the said Acts speciffed; and it is provided that upon the Export of the said Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback shall bd given equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty, which shall be payable' on such Article* on the Import thereof into the fame Country from the Other: And Whereas Doubts have

arisen with respect to the Drawbacks payable under the Intent and Meaning of the said Acts for the Union ' of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Exportation of any of the said Articles to Foreign Parts, or to the

Country from whence the fame were imported; Be it therefore declared and enacted, That whenever any:

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, which shall have been imported into either Country from the ot, b^ shall be exposed from either Country to the other, or to Foreign Parts, the Exporter of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be entitled to and shall be allowed and shall receive a Drawback*equal to the full Amount of the Duty, whether, countervailing or other, which shall have been actually paidpii such Goods, Wares u^d Merchandize, when thtf fame were imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively from each other, according, to the; Intent and Meaning of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.; . 7

iy. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, increase or diminish anj Drawback payable by Law on any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Article, Matter or Thing exported directly from Great Britain or Ireland respectivlv to Fore*gu Farts, ia any case where the specific Amount of such Drawback is or may be afoerfcained by any Act 01 Acts in three or to be in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively. {

V. And be it further enacted, That the sevend Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted or ajlowsd and>

made payable shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied in the same manner, and under fin!* Powers* and Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures, a »& by such Ways and Methods, and under such It idea and Di rest ions, as are appointed, directed and expressed, for the raising, collecting, levying, paying pud applying of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Great Britain or Ireland respectively, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, relating to the Revemies of Customs or Excise, or either of them, as fully -agd -effectually to>att Intents and Purposes as if the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as is provided in and by the said Acts or any of them in Great Britain or Ireland respectively.; ,

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful jto import into Great Britain from Ireland and into Ireland from Great Britain respectively, aa well for Sale ax for Private Use, Foreign Wines of any Sort in Bottles or Flalks, in Packages, each of which shall cpntafoat the least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flaiks, upon Payment of the several and respective Duties, : at well of Customs as Excise due and payable on the Importation of such Wines into Great Britain or Inland respectively, provided that such Wines shall be imported in British or Irish-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and in such Manner, and under and according tp such and tie like Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, and subject to such and the, like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided and enacted in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, relating to the Duties of Customs and Excise, so far as the same are applicable thereto; rand in case any Foreign Wines in Bottles or Flalks shall be imported in any less Quantity or othcpwifeiUiao ip such Packages, and in such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, the same shall be and are hereby declared to be forfeited* and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise in Great Britain or Ireland respectively. t

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by ai^y Act or Act*

to be made in this present Session of Parliament..,

CAP. LXXXIV., V; ,

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present 38 Relates ta

: fixing the Limits of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay; and also so muich of Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to granting Letters of .Administration to the Effects of Persons dying intestate within the several Presidenciea in the -£g/f Indies, to the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Courts 5 and to enable the Governor iff Council of the said Presidencies to remove Persons not being British Subjects; and to make Provision for the Judges in the East Indies in certain Cases. [i4th June

33 3- c. St.*\\J WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, made and passed in the Thirty tlprij Yeast

4 of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India jCampanj, for at further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their ckcIuJIvc Traae, under cer*s

tain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Adminifirafton of Justice within the same»for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of tf>4 4 said Company; and for making Provjion for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta

§ 159* 4 Madras and Bombay; it was, amongst other things, enacted, that if any Question should arise touching or.

concerning the true Limits and Extent of the Towns and Factories of Cahutia, Madras and Bombay\ 4 respectively, or any of them, the fame should be enquired into by the Governor General in Council at Bor/ '* William % in respect to the Limits and Extent of Calcutta, and by the Governor in Council at. Fort Saini,

George so jr*spect to the Limits and Extent of Madras, and the Governor so Council at Bombay i$} rpfpeft*

J '

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 84. 251

to the Town of Bombay; and that such Limits as the said respective Governments by Order in Council should declare and prescribe to be the Limits of the said Towns and Fadtorics respectively, should be held,

deemed and taken in Law as the true Limits of the fame; any Cullom or Usage to the contrary notwith-

Handing: And Whereas by reason of the Increase of the Population of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras

and Bombay, it is expedient that the several Governments of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay in

the East Indies, should be further empowered, in manner herein after mentioned, to extend from time to time

the Limits of the said several Towns May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General in Council at Fort William in Bengal, Limits of

from time to time, as circumstances shall in their Judgment require, to extend the Limits of the Town of Towns of Cm- b

Calcutta; and to and for the Governor in Council at Fort Saint George, from time to time, as circumstances cu" '

shall in their Judgment require, to extend the Limits of the Town of Madras; and to and for the Governor

in Council at Bombay, from time to time, as circumstances shall in their Judgment require, to extend the

Limits of the Town of Bombay; and that such extended Limits as the said respective Governments shall from

time to time, in and by their respective Orders in Council, or by their Regulations, declare and prescribe as '

aforesaid to be the Limits of the said Towns respectively, shall, from the time of publishing such Orders in,

Council, or Regulations by Proclamation, at the respective Presidcucies, be held, deemed and taken, as and for the true Limits of the fame; and from time to time, as any Extension shall be made thereof, all Jurisdictions,

Powers and Authorities which by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Charter or Charters,

or any Law or Usage, shall or may be bounded or regulated by the Limits of the said Towns respectively,

shall thenceforth be bounded and regulated by the Limits of the said Towns respectively, as they shall be L /

declared and prescribed from time to time in manner hereinbefore mentioned; any Cullom, Law or Usage to

the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Order in Council or Regulation hereafter to be made, Provtfow.

and declaring or preferring the Limits of any of the said Towns, shall be valid or effectual, until it shall have been sanctioned, or shall have been authorized to be made and paised by the Court of Directors of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the AfFairs of India.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present tfkqo&P Majesty, intituled an Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in c*79*

India, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same, it was enacted, among other things, that §, % to -j

whenever any British Subject should die intcllate, within either of the Presidencies of Fort William^ Fort*

Saint George or Bombay, or the Territories subordinate or to become subordinate thereto, and on Return of the Citation to be issued from the proper Ecclesiastical Court, no next of Kin or Creditor should appear and make out their Claim to the Administration of the Effects of the Intestate to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it should and might be lawful for the Registrar of such Court, and he was thereby required to apply

for, and such Court was thereby directed to grant Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, to such Re- .i.-. 1

giftrar, in manner as the said Act set forth: And Whereas the said Act doth not expressly provide for the

cases of Executors or Administrators, or Persons entitled to Administration, as herein after mentioned, not resident within the Jurisdiction of such Courts, who may have appointed Attornies resident or being therein 5 4 and it hath been doubted whether the said Courts were not required under the said Act, to grant Letters ad colligenda or of Administration to their Registrars, in preference to Attornies so appointed; and it is tit that such Doubts be removed; Be it therefore enacted and declared, That when the Executor or Admi- Letters of Adrift rat or lawfully appointed, or the Person entitled to Administration as next of Kin or residuary Legatee miuttbaikm*-with the Will annexed, of any Person deceased, whose Effects shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of any of the Attornies of .v said Courts in respect to the granting of Administration, not being resident within the Jurisdiction of such 6611 Court, shall have appointed or shall hereafter appoint, either by Power of Attorney under Seal, or by any other fu, fficient Authority, to be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court, any Person or Persons resident or being within such Jurisdiction to act for such Executor or Administrator, or Person entitled to Administration as aforesaid, in collecting or administering in any manner the Effects of the Deceased, the Person or Persons so appointed shall be entitled to obtain Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, either General or Special, as the Tenor of such Authority and the nature of the case may require, preferably to the Registrar of such Court, and all other Persons to whom such Executor or Administrator, or Persons entitled as aforesaid would have had a preferable Claim, if personally resident within the Jurisdiction of the said Court.

III. And be it further enacted, That where any such Letters ad colligenda or of Administration shall have Letters of i*d. been granted to the Registrar of such Court, and Application shall be afterwards made by any Person or miniftntlon to Persons so appointed as aforesaid for the Revocation thereof, in order to grant other Letters to such Person .*

or Persons, the Letters so granted to such Registrar shall be revoked, unless it shall appear to the said Court that there has been unreasonable Delay, either in the TransmifTion of the Authority under which such Application is made, or in making such Application: Provided always, that when any Letters ad colligenda or of Provifg. Admimftl*ation shall have been a6lually granted to the Registrar of any such Court by virtue of the Act hereinbefore recited, and shall be revoked on the Application of such Attorney or Attornies as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Court, if they shall think fit, to direct that the whole or Part of any Commission, in respect

to the Administration of Assets which may arise or become due by virtue of any reasonable Cullom, obtaining within the jurisdiction of such Court, shall be allowed to such Registrar out of any Assets which may have come Ur his Hands, regard being had to the Trouble and Responsibility actually incurred, and to the Service rendered by the said Registrar in the Collection of such Assets: Provided also, that nothing in this Proviso*

*1- K k 2 Act

2^2 C. 84.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Not to affect Rights of Periods entitled to Probates of Wills or Admi-nidration of Effects of Persons deceased before passing of Act, &c.

RegHtrar.when appointed Ad-tnmiftrttor, to enter in Book separate Accounts.

Regift ran to exhibit Schedule of Money, &c. received on Account of Estates under their Charge, &c.

Removal of persons not being Britishi Subjects.

Act contained findlbe coirftrued to render necessary the takings out of Letters ad cofligenda ot* of Admiaiftra* tion from any of the Courts aforesaid, by any such Attorney or Attornies, otherwise than it would have been if this Act had not been made; and that no Claim or Right to any such Commission in respect of Administration of Effects as aforesaid, shall be deemed to accrue to any such Attorney or Attornies by reason of Letters ad colligenda Or Administration, taken ont by him or them in virtue of such Authority as aforesaid, nor any other or further Commission than would have been payable to him or them as Agents, either according to the usual and reasonable Rates of such an Agency, or by special Agreement.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not, nor shall any thing herein confined,

in any wise prejudice or affect the Rights, Claims, Actions, Suits or Appeals of any Person or Persons being entitled or claiming to be entitled, either as Principal or Principals, Attorney or Attornies, to the Probate or Probates of any Will or Wills, Codicil or Codicils, or Letters adcolligenda or of Administration of the Goods, Chattels and Effects of any Person or Persons who shall have died before the passing of this Act; nor the Rights, Claims, Actions, Suits or Appeals of any Person or Persons claiming or fixing, or to claim or foe for the Recall or Repeal of any Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, granted of the Goods, Chattels or Effects of any Person or Persons who shall have died before the passing of this Act, which may have been or shall be grab ted to any such Registrar as hereinbefore mentioned; nor to the Rights, Claims, Actions, Suits or Appeals of any Person or Persons claiming or to claim as Executors, Legatees, or next of Kin of any Person or Persons who shall have died before the passing of this Act, in any way relating to the Goods, Chattels^ Property, Estate or Effects of such deceased Person or Persons, or to the Transactions, Acts, Deeds, Neglects, Defaults, Intermeddling* or Accounts of any such Registrar relating to any such Goods, Chattels, Property, Estate or Effects, or under or by Pretence of any Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, which may have been granted to him; nor in any way to entitle any such Registrar to any Commission, Compenla-tion or Allowance in respect of any thing done or to be done by him in relation to the Goods, Chattels, Debts, Credits, Estate or Effects of any Person or Persons who shall have died before the passing of this Act, which he would not have been entitled to if this Act had not been passed; but every Person being entitled to or claiming any such Probate or Probates, Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, or to have any such Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, recalled or repealed, or having or being entitled to or claiming or to claim any such Cause or Causes of Action, Suit or Appeal, shall be entitled thereto, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and to prosecute and carry on the fame, in the same manner as he, she or they would have been entitled if this Act had not been passed.

V. And be it farther enacted, That in all cases in which the Registrar of any of the said Courts shall be

appointed Administrator under the aforesaid Act, besides filing an Inventory and Account Current according1 to the Tenor of the Administration Bond and the usual course of the Ecclesiastical Court, he shall enter into a Book to be kept by him for that purpose, separate and distinct Accounts of each Estate, and of all such Sums of Money, Bonds and other Securities for Money, Goods, Effects and Things, as shall come to his Hands, or to the Hands of any Persons employed by him, or in trust for him by virtue of any Letters ai rftkgenda or of Administration granted to him under the Authority of the said Act, and likewise of all Pay merits'made by him for or on account of the said Estates, and of all Debts due by or to the fame, specifVing the Dates of such Receipts and Payments respectively 5 which said Book shall be kept in the Registrar* Office, and shall be open for the Inspection of all such Persons, Practitioners in the said Courts or others, as may have Occasion to inspect the fame, at Office Hours, paying such reasonable Fee as may be fixed therefore by the said Courts, and no more; and the said Registrars shall twice in every Year; thatjs, on the First Day of March and the Twenty second Day of October, or on the First Day after those Days on which their respective Courts shall be fitting, exhibit and deliver in open Court, a true and perfect Schedule of all SumB of Money, Bonds or other Securities, received on account of each Estate remaining under their Charge, together with the Payments made thereout, and the Balances; and also of aH Administrattons whereof the Balances shall have been paid over to the Persons entitled to the fame, since the Period of exhibiting the last Schedule, specifying the Amount of such Balances, and the Persons to whom paid; which Schedule shall be filed of Record in the said Courts, and shall within Fourteen Days afterwards be published in the Gazettes of the Presidencies within which such Courts are respectively situated, by the said Registrar, who shall likewise cause Copies thereof, in triplicate, to be delivered to the Chief Secretary at such Presidency, and the same shall be transmitted by the respective Governments at such Presidencies to die Court of Directors of the Bast India Company, who, upon the Receipt thereof, shall cause the same to be published in the London Gazette. a,

VI. And Whereas it is expedient that the several Governments in the East Indies should be enabled to c prevent Subjects of Foreign States from residing or sojourning within the British Territories there, against the Consent of such Governments respectively; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General in Council, and to and for the Governor in Council or Chief Officer for the time being of any Presidency, or of any Place not being subordinate to any Presidency under the Government of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to cause Notice in Writing to be given to any Person, not being a Native of any Part of the British Territories in India, or within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, other than such natural born Subjects of His Majesty as may from time to time lawfully resort to or reside in the East Indies, to remove himself or herself from such Presidency, or from all or any Part of the British Territories in the East Indies, as may be deemed expedient, within a time to be limited by such Notice: And in case any such Person shall not obey such Notice, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General in Council or Governor in Council or other Chief Officer, as the case may be, of the Place where such Person shall be found, to cause -such Person to be

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII m. C. 84.53

apprehended and brought before the Court of Civil or Criminal Judicature, to the Jurisdiction whereof such Place may be fubied; and upon Proof being made upon Oath to the Satisfaction of such Court, by any credible Witness swearing to his Knowledge or Belief, Hating the Ground of such Belief, that such Person is an Alien and the Subject of a Foreign State, and that such Notice as aforesaid has been served on such Person, either personally or by leaving the fame at his Dwelling-house, unless such Person shall prove that he is a natural born Subject of His Majesty authorized to reside in India, or a Native of the British Territories in India, or within the Limits of the Charter of the Company, for the making which Proof reasonable time and Opportunity shall be allowed by the said Court, such Person shall be remanded by the said Court into the Custody of the Govenor General, Governor or Chuff Officer, who shall, as soon as may be, cause such Person to be removed in such manner as his or her Rank, State and Condition in Life shall require, by the first convenient Opportunity, to the Country or Place to which he or she shall belong, if he or she shall be willing to go thereto, or otherwise to such Country or Place as the Governor General, Governor or Officer by whose Authority he or ffie shall have been apprehended or shall be detained, shall be of opinion shall be most proper, regard being had to the Convenience of the Person to be removed, and the Peace and Security of the British Territories in the East Indies, and of the Allies of His Majesty and the East India Company, and of any neighbouring Princes or States; and in the mean time and until such Person can be conveniently and properly removed, it shall and may be lawful to detain him or her in such Custody or under such Guard as the Person by whose Authority he or she shall have been apprehended or shall be detained shall see fit and necessary, so as that the Person detained may be put to as little Inconvenience as shall be, confident with the Object of his or her Detention: And in case any such Person, having removed him or herself in pursuance of any such Notice, or, having been so removed, shall again wilfully return to any Country or Place from which he or she shall have had Notice to remove, without the Consent of the Government or Chief Officer of the Place to which he or she shall so return, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council, or Chief Officer of the Place where such Person shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended and detained in safe Custody, until he or she shall be discharged out of Custody, upon such Terms and Conditions as the Governor General in Council, Governor in Council or other Chief Officer at the Place where he or she shall be detained, shall deem sufficient for the Peace and Security of the British Territories, and of the Allies of His Majesty and of the East India Company, and of the neighbouring Princes and States.

[Proviso.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to carry into Execution any Warrant or Authority Warrant or Ao-for the Apprehension, Detention or Removal of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, notwithstanding he, thority for Ap-she or they may be in Custody, or delivered to Bail, or in Execution on any Civil Process, and notwithstanding any Licence, Privilege or Protection whatsoever; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no British Subject, nor any Native of the British Territories in India, or within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, shall be apprehended, detained or removed, by virtue of any of the Provisions herein contained, nor shall any thing herein contained in any wise alter or affect any Law or Statute under or by virtue of which any British Subject may resort to or is restrained from resorting to the East Indies: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful to apprehend, detain or remove any Provifa Person being the Subject of any Foreign State, under or by virtue of this Act, in any way inconsistent with any Treaty made or to be made by His Majesty or the East India Company, and to the Benefit of which such Person shall be entitled.

VIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An 37 0*3*

Act for the better Adminilration of Justice at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, and for preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India, it was enacted, among other things,

that it should be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under certain Limitations in the said Act expressed, to direct the Payment of a Yearly Sum out of the Territorial Revenues in India to any Chief Justice or other Judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, who should have redded in India as Judge of the said Supreme Court for Seven Years; and to any Recorder of the Court of §

Judicature at Bombay, who should have redded in India as such Recorder for Five Years, and who, from

Age, Infirmity or other Cause, to be approved by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, should return to Europe, not exceeding to any such Chief Justice Two thousand Pounds per Annum, to any such Judge Fifteen hundred Pounds per Annum, or to any Recorder of Bombay Twelve hundred Pounds per Annum:

And Whereas also by the Ad hereinbefore mentioned of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His 39 & 4oG»3-.4 Majesty*! Reign, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under c 79* §

certain Limitations therein also expressed, to direct an Allowance from the said Revenues to any Chief Justice or Judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, who should have resided in India for Seven Years, either as Chief Justice or Puisne Judge of the said Court at Fort William, or of the said Court at Madras, and should return to Europe, for any such Cause, and with such Approbation as aforesaid, not

exc eding, to such Chief Justice Sixteen hundred Pounds per Annum, nor to such Puisne Judge Twelve hundred Pounds per Annum: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made respecting the said Allowances, in case of the Promotion or Removal of any Person from any of the said Courts to any other thereof, and also in case of the Resignation of any Chief Justice, Judge or Recorder of any of the said Courts, with the Approbation of His Majesty, although the Person so resigning should not return to Europe Be it therefore enacted, That where any Person shall have resided in India Seven Years, either as,

Chief Justice or Judge of His Majesty's Supreme Courts of Fort William or Madras, or Recorder of Bombay, judgeof and shall, from Age, Infirmity or other Cause, to be approved of by His said Majesty, resign such Office, it William, ftc. shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct the Payment out of the Territoral Revenues, to such Person, of a resigning*

yearly

*54

Allowance.

Prorifo.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

44 G. J. c, IS*

46 O. j. c. 43.

continued.

Foreigner* not to hold Commissiona in any other Regiment' than those specified.

Act not to extend to Sixtieth Regiment, &c.

Ad amended, JcC*

0.84, 85. 550 GEORGtl Itt A.D. 1815.

yearly Sum not exceeding the htgheft Rate of Allowance limited by the said A At to such one of the £bid Offices of Chief Justice or Judge at Fort Willi<$m* Chief Just ice or Judge at Madras* or Recorder at Bombay, as the said Person shall have filled, provided he shall have filled the fame for Four Years at the lead 5 and that such Allowance shall be payable to such Person, although he shall not return to Europe: Provided, that if such Pferson be thereafter re-appointed to any of the said Offices, such Payment shall from thenceforward cease. ... <A

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against the said United Company, pr any of their Servants* or any Person pr Pej/ont ^hpmfoeyer, for any thing done in porfuai^c^or under colour of this Act, until Twenty Days* Notice shall have been given to the said Company, or tc/the Person, or Persons respectively agaii\ft whom the fame is to, be brought, or after a sufficient Satiafeftion or Tender thereof shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Years next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there-upon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and it it shall appear to be fa done, or that a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made before the Commencement of such A&op.or Sukj or that such A&fon or Suit hath beep commenced after the time limited for bringing the same, or in any other manner than as directed by this Act, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited; and in such case, or in any other cases wherein the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or wherein Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, or Obieftioojn nature of a Demurrer, or where a Ver&ft, or Judgment in feature of a Verdict, shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, he of they shall have Treble Costs awarded, to be paid by the respective Plaintiff or PJairftiffs in such Action <* Suit*

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to amend and continue for One Year, and until Twelve Months after the Terminatidn of the present War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Two Acts of His present Majesty, -for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlifEand serve as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, under certain Restrictions. ! [14th June. 1815.]

4 \X7^A.S an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iifttfoled An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign Stales to cntijl as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant CommUfions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers,

under certain ReJlriSions; and to indemnify alt Persons who mdy have advised His majesty to enljjP <*ny fuels Soldiers, or want any such Commissions as aforesaid: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Prov'tfions of an Act, passed in the 1 Forty fourth Year of the Reign of - His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enitfi as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom; And Whereas it is expedient and necessary, under the present circumstances, that the said Acts should be amended and continued for a further Period* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions and Clauses therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby continued for One Year, from the Period of the Expiration of the said Acts respectively, and until Twelve Months* after the Termination of the present War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person born out of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the* Dominions thereunto belonging, to hold a Commission in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps in His Majesty's Service than the Regiments, Battalions or Corps in the said Acts specified, unless such Person shall by the Laws of the Realm be entitled to the Rights and Privileges of natural born Subjects of His Majesty.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be

construed to extend to His Majesty's Sixtieth Regiment of Foot, or to the holding of Commissions in thfc said Regiment, nor to any Officer not being a natural born Subject of His Majesty, or entitled to the Rights' and Privileges of a natural bora Subject of His Majesty, who shall at the time of the passing of this Act hold any Commission in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps in His Majesty's Service, or to prevent any frich* Officer from continuing to hold such Commission, or to accept and receive any higher Regimental Cormtiiffiori*in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Forces. -; T

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act whith may1 be passed in this Session of Parliament.

[See pojt. c. 126.]

j.1

1, 1 >.. '! l*' '-miK'

a.d.iSi$, 554 oi&aen hi 155

CAP. LXXXVIv - -: --

An to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act made , in the Forty fixtly Year of His present Majesty, fqr permitting the Importation of Malls, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America. >' [14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mbhtibftedfiai by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the farrie'dibuld be further contintied; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the faihe. That an Act, made in the 46 0.3. c. 117. Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit, until the First Day of January cominued'

One thousand sight hundred and nine, the Importation of Mafti, Tards and Bowsprits, or of limber fit for

Naval Purposes, from the British Colo met in North America, Duty free; which said Act was, by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Iaft continued until the End of the present Session of [54O.3.C. iaj-I

Parliament, shirll be, and the fame h hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand right hundred and twenty.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to relieve certain Foreign Vessels resorting to the Port of London^ in respect; of Pilotage j. and to regulate the Mode of rtyjpent of Pilotage on Foreign Vessels in the said Port,

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made and pafTeddn the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* 4 W, intituled An Act for the more effectual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels on the Coaf of England, certain Rates of Pilotage, in the Schedules to the said Act mentioned, are made

payable for and in respect of Ships and Vessels of all Descriptions according to their Draught of Water; r And Whereas it is expedient that further Provisions (houkl be made for Relief of such Foreign Vessels at 4 eoUie to the Fort: of London with FHfc, Corn ok* other Provisions; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the I«ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tbif present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the pa fling, of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Cqrporauon of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time.to time to make all such Regulations in relation to the piloting of Ship? not having a British Register, bringing Fish, Corn or other Provisions into the Port of London, for the Ease and Relief of such Ships and Vessels, in respect of the Rates or Amount of Pilotage now payable or demandable for such Ships and Vessels, or for the Exemption of such Ships or Vessels from any such Rates, or Amount, or from any Rules or Regulations at to the Pilotage of such Ships or Vessels, under the Prov vilions of the said Act or of any other Act of Parliament relating to Pilotage, or under any Rules, Restric-tious or Regulations made in pursuance of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, to be piloted by Pilota licenced by the said Corporation, at the said Corporation of Trinity House shall from time to time deem just, proper and expedient, in relation to such Ships 'and Vessels respectively; any thing in the said Act or Acts, or in any Rules or Regulations made under or in pursuance thereof contained to the contrary notwithstanding*.

IL And, in order to prevent Impositions and Disputes respecting the Charges for and the Payment of the Pilotage of Foreign Ships and Vessels trading to and from the Port of London, be it further enacted, That, from and after the paJSng of this Act, the Master or Commander or other Person having the Charge of every Ship or Vessel, not having a British Register, required by Law to be piloted by a Pilot licensed by the feud Corporation, which shall enter into or fail from the said Port of London, or the Consignees of or Agents, for such Ships and Vessels respectively, shall pay or caofe to be paid at the Trinity House in London, to such Person or Persons as shall from time to time be in that behalf appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House9 all such Sums of Money as are or shall be or become due and payable for the Pilotage of every such Ship or Vessel; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Corporation shall (on the Production of a Certificate in Writing under the Hand of the Master or other Person or Persons having the Charge of every such Ship or Vessel or of the Consignee of or Agent for such Ship or Vessel, or in case of any Refusal, to grant Certificate upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Corporation, that such Pilotage Service was duly performed) pay over to the Pilot duly licensed, who shall have had charge of every Ship or Vessel, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to such Pilot, for or in respect of such Pilotage Service so by him performed; any thing in the said Act or Acts, or any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wile not with (lauding..j r, \ ,

III. And, in order the better to facilitate the ascertaining and settling the Amount of the PilotageOuU ward of Foreign Ships and Vessels. in the Port of London under the Authority of this Act, be it further enacted, That the Rates or Amount of Pilotage Outward to be payable and paid in respect of all such Ships and Vessels, shall from time to time be calculated and made out according to the Scale or Amount of the Tonnage of every such Ship and Vessel, upon or according to which such Ships and Vessels shall be rated'in the said Port of London, to the Payment of the Light and Port Dues of such Ships and Vessels respectively, Or according to the Draft of Water thereof, as the said Corporation of Trinity House shall in their Discretion tkipk, .mqft psoper j any thing in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. Auk

J*G. J. c. 39.

Trinity House to make Regulations, with respect to Pilot* age of small Foreign Ship*

Payment off Pilotage.

Amount of Pilotage Out*, ward of Foreigm Vessels afee*.

S56

Certificite of Payment of Pilotage given.

54 G.'3. c. 181. I 5*

<trand Jury at Assizes may make Prefee t-tnfema for Cods adjudged at Stfliont.

J30.3. c. 131.

*8.

Court Houses built within County of City, See. deemed Part of County at Urge;

but only while Court House is used as such for such County.

Fuel provided for Court Houses, and Salary for Keepers.

Mouey how provided.

0.87, 88, 89. 55° GEORGII in A.D. 1815.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Person ar Person* to be appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House to receive the Pilotage in respect of Foreign Ships and Vessels under the Authority of this Act shall, upon his or their receiving such Pilotage, give to - the Person paying the fame a Certificate in Writing thereof under his or their Hand or Hands; and that no Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be cleared at the Office of His Majesty* 3 Customs in the said Port of London on her Outward-bound Voyage, without the Production of such Certificate as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for rendering more easy and efeftual

Redress for Assaults in Ireland.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to render mure easy and effectual Redrest for AJfaults in Ireland, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that when it shall appear that any Defendant against whom any Sum for Costs and Expences shall have been awarded on a < Trial and Conviction, in manner therein mentioned, has not any Goods or Chattels on which such Son can be levied, as therein provided, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at the Affixes at which such

Trial shall be Had, to make a Preferment for levying such Sum, in manner in the said Act mentioned:

And Whereas the Trials in those cases in which Costs are by the said Act authorized to be given, usually

take place at Sessions of the Peace, and not at the Assizes 5 and it is reasonable that the fame Provision should be extended to such cases j' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at every Assize and Presenting Term in Ireland, to make one or more Preferment or Preferments for levying, in like manner as in the said Act is mentioned, all and every such Sum and Sums as at any time subsequent to the First Day of the then immediate preceding Assizes for such County (had or may, at any Session of the Peace held in and for such County, or in and for any Distoft or Place within such County, have been ordered or adjudged to be paid for Costs, Expences and Lofo of tune, ia manner in the said recited Act provided, by any Defendant who shall appear not to have any Goods or Chattels on which such Sum can be levied as aforesaid; and that every such Presentment shall be made in the same manner, and shall be of the fame Force and Effect in all respects, as by the said Act is provided in case at Preferments made for Costs and Expences under the Provisions of the said Act as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXIX.

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in-f tituled An Act to mate further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland, it is, among other things, enacted, that whenever any such Court House shall have been erected for any County in Ireland according to the Provisions of the said Act, if it shall so happen that the f feme shall be built within a County of a City or County of a Town wherein the Assizes or Presenting Term f for such Coury have been usually held, the said Court House with its Appurtenances shall be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the County at large for which the fame mall have been built as aforesaid;

And Whereas it is expedient to amend and extend the said Provision; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Court House in Ireland, whether erected according to the Provisions of the said Act or not, which is or shall be built for any County at large within a County of a City or County of a Town within which the Assizes or the Commission of Oyer and Terminer of or for such County at large shall have been usually held, shall, with their Appurtenances thereof, be and be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the County at large for which the same shall have been built*

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever such Tenement shall cease to be a Court House of such County, whether by reason of the building of a New Court House or otherwise, then and from thenceforward such House and the Scite and Appurtenances thereof shall be and be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the County of a City or County of a Town within which the feme shall be so situated.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury at any Affixes or Presenting Term in Ireland', to present such reasonable Sum or Sums as they shall think proper for providing Fuel for each and every or any Court House or Court Houses in or belonging to their respecthra Counties, and also such Sum or Sums as a Salary or Payment for the Keeper of any such Court House, not exceeding Twenty Pounds in any one Year for any such Court Keeper; which Sum or Sums so presented shall be levied off the County at large in the usual Mode of County Presentments.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Sum so presented shall be paid by the Treasurer of such County until some one Person, to whom such Sum so to be presented for Fuel shall be payable under such Present-tpent, shall produce to such Treasurer an Affidavit sworn by him before a Justice of the Peace for such County (which Oath every such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) dating that the Sum required to be paid hath b en duly expended in the Purchase of Fuel for the Use of such Court House purfimnt to such Prefect. tineoW and that the whole of such Fuel had been contained in the said Court Houset and for the Ofe and Benefit

thereof;

A.D. 1fii* 35° GEORGII III. C. 89>9^>9*

thereof; or if any Pnrt of such Fuel shall not have been consumed, dating how much thereof has been consumed, and that the Rehdue then remains in safe keeping to be applied to the Use of the said Court House in like manner.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XC.

An Act to explain an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of His MajestyV Reign, relative to Inland Navigations there, so far as relates to the Limitation of Actions \igamft Canal Companies and others.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend certain Laws relating to the Inland Navigations of this Kingdom, it is, among other things, enacted, that if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against the Companies or persons in the said Act mentioned, who have respectively , undertaken the making and fmiftiing of Canals and Inland Navigations in Ireland, or any Person or Persons xfting under them or any of them, for or in respect of any Matter or, Thing by them or any of them done ^or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of other Acts relative to Inland A Navigation, or the making Canals in Ireland, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months after the alleged Cause of such Action or Suit shall have commenced, and not afterwards: And Doubts have arisen whether such Limitation of Actions extends to all Actions that may be brought against such Companies or Persons; and it will tend greatly to the Promotion and Advantage of Inland '4 Navigation* in Ireland, that the said Limitation as to Actions (hguld be extended generally in favour of the aforesaid Qompanies and Persons in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King't-'Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, asd Coauunic, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Action or Suit whatsoever shall be brought or commenced against any Companies or Persons who have ref£eftiveiv undertaken the making of Canals and Inland Navigations in Ireland, or against any Person or Persons acting under such Companies or Persons, or any of -them, for and in respect of any Matter of Thing whatsoever, by them or any of them done or executed, by virtue of or in pursuance of any Acts passed in Ireland; or in force in Ireland, relating to Inland Navigation or the making Canals there, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the alleged Cause of such Action shall have accrued and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action may plead the {general IiTue, and give this Act and the recited Act of the Thirty second Year and any other such Act or .Acts and, the Special Matter in Evidence on every Trial to he had thereon 5 and that such Matter or Thing was dope or executed in pursuance of and by Authority of some or any of the aforesaid Acts relating to Inlaud Navigation and the making Canals in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall hinder or prevent any Person or Persons who may have been affected or injured by any Act, Matter or Thing heretofore done or executed by any of the aforesaid Companies or Persons, or by any Person or Persons acting under them, and who npw hath or have any Cause of Action against any of the aforesaid Companies or Persons for or by .reason of such Matter or Thing, from commencing any Suit at Law or in Equity for Relief against the fame, within Three Calendar Months after the pading of this Act; any thing in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for the Payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses, in Cases of Felony in Ireland.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS many Persons are deterred from prosecuting or attending to give Evidence against Persons

guilty of Felony in Ireland, upon Account of the Expence attending such Prosecutions and At-« tendance: And Whereas it is just and reasonable, and may tend in future to the Prevention of Crimes, and to the due Prosecution of all Offenders against the Laws in Ireland, that every Prosecutor and every Person appearing on Recognizance or Subpoena to give Evidence, should be allowed his reasonable Expences;

and also in case he be poor, a reasonable Satisfaction for his Trouble and Loss of time; and that such Allowaoce should be made, even though the Person accused be acquitted, provided it shall appear to the Court before whom the Prisoner shall have been tried, that there was a reasonable Ground of Prosecution, and that the 'Prosecutor had bona fide prosecuted; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be in the Power of the Court before whom any Person shall have been tried and convicted of any Felony whatsoever in Ireland, or before whom any Person shall have been tried and acquitted of any Felony whatsoever in Ireland, in case it shall appear to the said Court that there was a reasonable Ground of Ftofecution, and that the said Prosecutor hath bona fide prosecuted, to order, upon Prayer of the said Prosecutor, the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town in which the Offence shall have been committed, or shall have been alleged to have been committed, to pay unto such Prosecutor such Sum of Money as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Expences which it shall appear to the Court the Prosecutor was bona

side put unto in carrying on such Prosecution; making, in case the said Prosecutor shall appear to the Court 5j Geo. III. LI td

257

Act altered, &c.

3*G.S. HI'c. 15. §6.

Limitation of Actions ag.iinft Canal Companies in Ireland.

[General Issue.]

Limitation of A&ioas.

Court before which Prisoner tiied for Felony may allow Prosecutor his Expences; and if poor, a Recom- r pence for Lois of time.

1158 C. g i, g2.

55 GEORGII III.

Fee.

Court may allow Expeocet of Witnessfe* and 1 Recompense in like manner.

*0*. Fit* '

Grand Joriet to, make Preferir-menu far Ex-pescts, fcc.

400*3. C.Z03.

*4 '*>

Security given ky Contractor! by ^of KUaTJ^e King with Two Sureties.

Bond attested by Clerk of Peace, &c. Copies made and Original rfepofited at Exchequer.

Treafuofet of Ceunty may advance Money to Co^UuCiox/iofn time to rime, on Affidavits of Contractor.

tQ fee in poor drcumstances, a reasonable Allowance to such Prosecutor for Trouble and Loss of t^ne^ which Order the Clerk of The Crown, or Clerfc of the Peace respectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver unto such Prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the Sum of One Shilling and no more5 and the Treasurer of the iiud County, County of CtiJ or County of a Town, is hereby authorized and required, out of any Public Money then m his Hand* upon fight of such Order, forthwith to par to such. Prosecutor, or other Person authorised to receive the same, such Sum of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the fame in his Accounts.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be in the Power of the Court where my Person UT

appear on Recognizance or Subpoena to give Evidence as lib any Felony whatsoever in Ireland, whether any Bln of Indictment be preferred or not to any Grand Jury, provided the said Person shall, in the Opinion of the said Court bona fide have attended the said Court in Obedience to such Recognizance or Subpoena, to order the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which the Offence shall have been committed, or shall have been supposed to hare been committed, to pay unto such Person such Sum of Money as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Expences which it shall appear to tk^ fcudCourf the said Person was bona fide put unto by reason of the said Recognizance and Subpoena; making. in ojle the said Person shall appear to the said Court to be in poor circumstances, a reasonable AllowaBoT>o cftdi Person for Trbuble and Loss of time; which Order the Clerk of The Crown, or the Clerk of the Po^p e-ispectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to such Person, upon being paid for the same the Sam of Six pence and no more; and the Treasurer of the said County, County of a Cot or County of a Town, is hereby authorized and required, Out of any Public Money in his Hands, upon fight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Person, or to any other Person authorized to receive the same, such Sum of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the fame in his Accounts.T> tfforr v

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury at each and every Assizes and Prefendng Term in Ireland and they are hereby required, to present all lucn Sums as shall have been so paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a jown, under any such Order, and which shall not have been previously presented; such Sums to be so presented either on the County, County of a City or County of a Town, or on any Barony, Half Barony or Partth, which shall or may appear to such Grand Jury to be justly and peculiarly liable thereto. jkj, f*

CAP. XCII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Prisons in Ireland, so far as concerns Contrafts for building or repairing such Prisons.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for re-cnacting fitch of the Prnvi-ifions thereof as have been found useful, with Amendments, the Grand Junes at the feverml Assizes and Pre-f fenting Terms in Ireland are empowered respectively, after Preferments duly made as therein mentioned,

t6 contract with any Person or Persons for building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing, altering or enlarging^any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, as in the said Act is mentioned, or any Build-

ings or Conveniencies belonging thereto, at a certain Sum, Payment or Allowance for the lame, such Con-

traftor or Contractors giving sufficient Security by Recognizance in Double the Sum to be contrafted for,

and to be approved of by such Grand Jury, for the due Performance thereof, to the respective Clerks of 1 the Peace: And Whereas it is expedient to amend and alter the find Provisiona in manner herein after fol-

lowing; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Security to be fq given^by any such Contraftor shall be in Manner and Form here following, and no ptbpr.; that is to say, thq lame (ntQ.Deby 3t>nd to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be made and executed by such Contractorjjy Cpu-traftors, and Two other Persons, to be approved of aa sufficient Spjpetie* hyTi*: l\ Grand Junes ip

Half the Sum to be contrafted for; which Bond shall be cqaditioned.foi; the due and ^auhful Perfo^nance and Fulfilment of such Contract, and for the due and fajithfljl Expfe^dkure and Appyputlori JP apd.jjp* or towards the Fulfilment of such Contract, of all and evepy such Swp and Sums of Money ptf fjjan bo ajdyanpe*!

*to fuefe Contraftor or Contractors for that Purpose from time to time, by jfie

County of a City or County of a Town; and evtiry ftfch Bead shall by t % CWk of mi; jPcpce,

and by the Secretary to the Grand Jury; and such Secretary shall m#jte Twq

One of the said Copies in his Office for the Use of the/utme Grand!Juries, ap^fhfijl d^ivjr the.qlt^r of such Copies to the Treasurer of such County, to he kept in hp Office; and faph^lerk f)t the cause such original Bond to be forthwith dtpo&ted in the Court Ewicqper-jp 'JfSPSE

Officer for keeping Bonds to His Majesty, who (hottiprtbwith.file, tfee f^me in fiffi

Court. \ i 4 v .t*, j f - j ', «*r.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Treasurer shall have gi hiaHands auv^Money applicable to the Purposes t>f such Preferment, whether such Money shall have, been advanced to^such^reaiurer from His Majesty's Treasury, or by any individual or Individuals pursuant in the Provisions of the said Act, or shall have been levied pursuant to such Presentment thejfc, and in every such case ft (tall and may be lawful for such Treasurer, and Jie is hereby required So radrance thereout to such Contraftof or pontraftprs, for the Purposes of such Preferment, any Sum which such Cotfr&ft^r. oir Contractors may require, by Ap-

f lication in Writing tto<fcr4ilk Hand, with the Approbation of Thrgf of the Commissioners tjp be appointed y the Grand Jury under the said recited Act, for catifirig such Presentment to be carried intd Execution and

22 Effect,

Effect, to be testified by the Signature of the said Commissioners to the said Application, not exceeding'at any one time One Fourth Part of the Amount of the Sum for which Security shall have been given as aforesaid; and that when and as soon as any Sum so advanced shall have been fully and faithfully expended, in, upon and towards the Execution and Fulfilment of such Contract, and that the same shall be made to appear by the Affidavit of such Contrador or Contradors, which Affidavit any Justice of the Peace for such County,

County of a City or County of a Town, is hereby authorized and required to take, it shall be lawful fof such Treasurer to make a further Advance in like manner, and with the like Consent of such Three Commissioners, to be testified as aforesaid, and so on from time to time, as long as he shall have any such Money in his Hands, rtot

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Advance shall be made out of any Money in the interfere*witfc

Hands of any such Treasurer, which shall he applicable by Law to the Payment of any Instalment, on any Payment of In-Sum previousy advanced to such Treasurer as aforesaid from His Majesty's Treasury, or by any Individual or italmentiby Individuals. Treasurer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit, so made by such Contractor or Contractors, Treasurer to shall be kept by such Treasurer in his Office, to be produced when necessary; and that if any such Contractor preserve Affi-shall (wear falsely therein, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of

wilful and corrupt Pequry, and shall be punished accordingly.^Perjury.

V. And be it further enacted, That whensoever and so often as any Plan and Estimate for the building or Trea(-urers to rebuilding any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, shall have been submitted to the Lord ma^e Compen-Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, according to the Directions of the said recited Cation for Plain Act of the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and such Plan and Estimate shall have been approved, and Estimate* it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in whi<; h

[Proviso.]

such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or Prison shall be situate, and he is hereby required to pay to the Commissioners appointed by the Grand Jury for superintending such Work, or to the Order of such Commissioners, such Sum as may be required by such Commissioners for the Payment of the Expences incurred in procuring Plans and Estimates for such Work, and in advertising for Contractors to execute the fame: Provided always, that a Certificate, signed by such Commissioners, or Three of them at the lead, shall be previously lodged with such Treasurer, dating that the Sum so required by them has been fairly and honedly expended in obtaining such Plans and Edimates, and in advertising as aforesaid, which Certificate shall be kept by such Treasurer in his Office, to be produced when necessary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, during the present Act amended,

Session of Parliament. Ac*

' - nn CAP. XCIIL

An Act to repeal the, Duties payable on, and the PeqqifiiQJi to enter for Home Confutnption, Silk Handfeetchrefc imported by the.Ea/l India Company.

[14th June 1&/5.]

WHEREAS "by an Act made in the1'Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King

V v' George thtf Third, intituled An Act Ho repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other-Duties in IteO thereof; it ia enacted, that, from, and after the Ratification of the Definitive ' Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and the Republic of France, it should and might be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indiet to expose to Sale, either for the Purpose of bqng worn or used in Great Britain, or for Exportation, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Persia, China or the East Indies, that should have been or might thereafter be secured in the WareKoufri of the said United Company, subject nevertheless to the Duties by that Ad impeded / thereon, and that all such Silk Handkerchiefs on which such Duties should have been pud, should and might be worn and used in Ghat Britain, or sold or exposed to Sale therein, and should not be fubied to Seizure ' or Forflrituri; and that the Person Or Persons who should wear or use the fame, or who should (ell or expose

43 G. 3. t.6S. il&

bufioms fabtieable la'Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lien thereof, a Permanent Duty of Customs id Twenty fiSre Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and also a Temporary Duty of Cudoxns of .Eight Pbiirid* Ten Shillings and Ten pence is imposed rar every One hundred Pounds of the Value of ' Handkerchiefs1 df Silk, printed, fbuned, painted or dyed, imported into Great Britain by the United f Cotnjtyoy 6f Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses: And Whereas c* It is elpWifent to repeal so much of the fold first recited Act aa is herein recited, and also the said Duties of / Twenty five Pounds Twelve Shillings and1 Six pence and Eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten pence ^refoeSrvely f Bff it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ^fconfint of the Lords Spiritual and TeihpOlul, and Commas, in this present Parliament assembled, and by me Authority of the same, That; from and aftier the passing of this Act, the said recited Provision contained in the said Act of the Forty third (a) Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and also the said Duties (i) of Twenty five Pounds Twelve SHtluhgs'inamx pence, Utid Eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten pence respectively, shall be and the fame respectively ate hereby repealed* (*) [See similar Provision, 49 G. 3. c. 98. $ 23, 24.]

lb) TThefe Duties mite repealed, 54 G\ c. 36. §1.]

il. And Whereas it is also expedient aa repeal an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for empofing an Esecife Doty on Silk Hand* f Aerchiefs. Ibid.by the East India Company for Home GonfmoMion f Be it therefore enacted, That, from and itfter the passing of this Act, the laidlaft mentioned Act shall be and the lame is hereby repealed.

; LI 2

4»0.j.e.*

340.3. C. 14K repeal*.

i6o

48 G. 3. c. 110, 51 G. 3. c. ior.

5*0.3. €.153*

[54 G. 3. c. 102.]

made perpetual.

Letters Patent, See. in force*

Advocate and Solicitor Goner*! of Scotland dded to Commis-Coners.

Commissioner*

sworn.

04*.

Reporto made of Proceedings,

43 G. 3. c. 69. Si h. (C.) tit. Bounties.

repealed.

48 G 3. c. xxo.

*3-

to ceafo.

New Bounty.

Crews of Deep

df*fiuffes may ftdtUodor Ling,

C. 94. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 18J.

CAP. XCtV.

An Act to continue and amend several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

1 [14th June 1815.X

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, forr 1 tV the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery; and another

Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the said Act; and

'another Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to rectify a MHbikc,

and to carry into more effectual Execution the Purposes of the last recited Act; which several Acts were*

by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, continued in force until the end of the present Session of

Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be amended and made perpetual $' Be

it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent erf the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts shall, subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, be and the same are hereby made, perpetual, and from the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen all Letters Patent, Appointments, Rules, Regulations, Orders and Directions granted, "made or given under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, arid in force at the time of passing this Act, shall be good and effectual, arid remain and continue in force, unless or until any of them shall tfe altered, varied or annulled, under any of the Powers of Authorities of the said Acts or of this Act.* -

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, tb appoint

the Advocate and Solicitor General for Scotland, or either of them for the time being, to be Com^mifflctaerv in addition to the Number authorized by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of Hhrpftfefit Majesty, so; the Herring Fiftiery. 1

III.'And be it further enacted, That every Person hereafter to be appointed One of the CortubitDoners for the Herring Fishery, by virtue of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of HH present' Majesty, or of this Act, shall before he proceeds in Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities vested in the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act save only in the administering the Oath herein after mentioned), take and subscribe the fbiibwkrg Oath 5 that is to say, '

1 T A* B* do swear. That I will faithfully and honestly, according to the best of my*Skill and Judgment,

A'execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me by an? Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Kjqg George the Third, 'intituled An Act [her$ \nfert the Title of the said Act\ as the

feme is amended by Two Acts passed in the Fifty first and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and further amended and continued by Two Acts passed in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years

of.His said MujXly'a Rtigo, : according to the /true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts 5 and that I. am I mU> 4<reftly or iodireftly, concerned as .an Adventurer in the White Herring Fishery, or as a.Curer of.

Herrings; nor. will I, so loqgaa Iftiall Continue to act as a Commissioner under the said Acts, be concerned*«either directly Or iodireftly, as an .Adventurer in the said Fiftiery, or as a Curer of Herrings*

t. _*So help me GOD.j

Which Oath any one of the said Commissioner* may administer to the other or others of them. a

r IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Herring Fiftiery shall, and they are hereby acquired to deliver in annually, on or before the First Day of November in evqry Ypar, to the Board of Trustees or Commissioners for Fisheries and Manufactures xn Scotland, appointed under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, a.full and accurate Report of their Proceedings for the Ye^r preceding^. and shall also cause to be laid before. each House of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of cvecy Session, a Copy of the said Report, signed by the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery..4

V. And Whereas.by an Act passed in die Forty third Year of - the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeat the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lips

thereof "it is, among Other things, enacted, that on every Barrel of White Herrings, containing Thirty

two Gallons, and which (halt be exported to Foreign Parts, there shall be paid a Bounty of Two Shillings.

and Eight pence Be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so puichiQf the.feid Act as is above recited be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

it is, among other things, .enacted, that these shall be paid for every Barrel of White Herrings caught in the British Fisheries and landedJiv Great^Britaftt* and which shall be curedand packed according to the Direc-

tions of the said Act, a-Bourity of Two Shillings* Be it further enacted, That, from ana after the First Day of June. One thomlnd eight hbk)dr4d{and fifteen, the said Bounty of Two Shillings shall cease and determine, and in lieu. thereof a Bounty of Four, Shillings a Barrel shall be granted; which Bounty of Four Shillings (h&U be paid for every BartreLof Herrings which shall be caught, landed, cured and packed according to the Directiops of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefen£ Majesty, and of this Act, and which shall be produced to and inspected by the proper Officer of the Fishery after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

VII. And be it further enacted, That' it shall be lawful for the Master and Crew of any Bute or Vessel fitted out for the British White. Herring Fishery in the Deep Sea, under the Regulations of the said Acts, to tafce Cod or Ling, and to cure the fame with Sait to be taken on board for that Purpose; such Cod or Ling tq

.. 5 be

55° GEORG! HI, C. 94. i6r

be flowed in Bulk; and .that in evdry Instance where Cod or Lffig flihlLbe fb taken, cured and flowed on board any such Buss or Vessel as aforesaid, the famerfbaft be fared >and excepted out of that Part of the Oath

prescribed to be taken by the Maftejc of every such Buss or Vessel, on his Return from the said Fifljerv, 48 G. 3. c. % ixks wherein such Master is required to swear that no Fish other than Herrings were taken by the Crew of txie.$ said Buss or Vessel. ...w

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officer who shall be appointed by the

Superintendant

Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to superitrtend the White Herring Fishery in the Deep Sea, to proceed, of Deep 6ee

after the Deep Sea Fishery shall be ended, to such Place or Places on the Coast of Great Britain as the Com-^el7 10

missioners for the Herring Fishery shall direct, there to preserve Order among the Persons employed in the

Herring Fishery carried on on the Coasts and in the Bays of Great Britain; and the said Officer shall have and.^ boaas!*

exeroife the like Powers as are hereby given to any Superintendant to be specially appointed for the Loch and

Coast Fishery pursuant to this Act; and any Person or Persons who shall impede or obstruct such Officer, or,

any Person employed by him in the Exercise of the Powers hereby given him, shall be liable to the like r.

Penalty a3 is hereby imposed on any Person or Persons obstructing such Superintendant as aforesaid. Penalty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, upon Soperintendm the Application of the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, from time to time to appoint a Commissioned of Doch and Officer of His Majesty's Navy, as Superintendant of the British Herring Fishery carried on in the Lochs and upon the Coast of Great Britain, not in the Deep Sea, for the Purpose of preserving Order among the Fishermen/PP01 and other Persons engaged in the said Fuhery as aforesaid; which Person so to be appointed Superintend1*!* shall take an Oath in such Terms and before such Persons as by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year oP the 48 O.J. c. 110. Reign of His present Majesty is required to be taken by the Superintendant of the British Herring Fishery § % '

carried on in the Deep Sea; and it shall be lawful for such Commander and Superintendant of the Loch and! His Doty. '

Coast Fishery, or any Person acting by his Order, at all times whenever he shall think fit to go on board any of the Vessels or Boats employed in the Fishery under his Superintendance, and to inspect the Certificate of Registry, Excise Permit, Licence, Certificate of Fishery Officers, and the Account kept by the Master, or other.

Document, which is or are respectively required by Law to be on board such Vessel or Boat; all which the

Master of every such Vessel or Boat shall produce and deliver to the said- Superintendant or other Perfop afore-'*

laid upon Demand, for his Inspection and Examination; and the said Superintendant or other Person aforesaid*

is hereby empowered to detain any such Vessel or Boat, till all or any of such Documents shall be produced and!

delivered to him; and all Powers given by the said Act to the Superintendant of the Deep Sea Fishery, to

enable him to preserve Order in the said Fishery, shall extend to the Superintendant of the Herring Fishery ii>

the Lochs and on the Coast of Great Britain, and to every Officer of the Fishery, wherever such Officer

shall be appointed or employed to execute the Duties of his Office; and all Penalties imposed by the said Act

on any Person or Persons, for refilling the Superintendant of the Deep Sea Fishery, or for refilling any Officer

of the Fishery in the Execution of the Powers given him by the said Act, shall extend to every Person or Persons refilling the Superintendant of the Herring Fishery in the Lochs and on the Coast of Great Britain*

or any Person or Persons acting under him, or any Officer of the Fishery respectively, in the Execution of the Powers hereby extended to him or them for preserving Order in the said last mentioned Fishery., -

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Net forfeited by the said Act passed in the Forty eighth. Superintendaut Year (a) of His Majesty's Reign, shall and may be seized by any Superintendant of the Herring Fishery, or

any Pevlon acting under his Orders, or by any Officer of the Fishery. (a) [48 G, 3. c. 110.. $ 12.3 , xe e*

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Herring Net shall be set or hauled in any River or Loch in-Herring New

Scotland, or at any Place on the Coast thereof, or within Two Leagues of the fame, after Twelve of the Clock"£*att at Night on Saturday, and before Twelve of the Clock at Night on Sunday, or having been set feted/

Twelve of the Clock at Night on Saturday, shall not be hauled before the fame Hour; every such Net shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Superintendant of the Herring Fishery, or any Person employed under him, or by any Officer of the Fishery.

XII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Ring, f;

George the Second, intituled An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it is, among other things, enacted, that the Staves of all Barrels in which White Herrings shall be 1 packed or put up in Scotland, shall be at least One Half Part of an Inch in thickness throughout, of made work; and that if any Barrel containing White Herrings shall be found to be of less Tlrickness than One

Half Part of an Inch in any Part of the said Barrel, any Officer of Customs or Excise is thereby authorized and required to felze the fame; and upon Proof thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, the Owner on Proprietor of such Fish shall forfeit both Fish and Barrel: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as is above recited should be amended, and the Operation thereof extended throughout Great Britain;

Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the FirllDay of Jane One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, no What Barrels, White Herrings shall be cured, packed or put up in Great Britain, or on board any Vessel or Boat employed in> White Hcrrinj* the British Herring Fishery, in any Barrel which shall be made in Whole or in Part of Fir, or which shall not be core^>

One Half Part of an Inch in Thickness throughout of made work, or which shall not contain Thirty two Gallons English Wine Measure 5 and that if any White Herrings shall be cured, packed or put up in any Barrel which,

shall be made in Whole or in Part of Fir, or which shall not be One Half Part of an Inch in Thickness throughout of made work, or which shall not contain Thirty two Gallons English Wine Measure, all*\

Herrings, with the Barrel containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may* be seized by any Officer Forfeited, of the Fishery, Customs or Excise. w nidi*-s'* y '

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery Be and thby ar^ fie^reby Commissioners empowered to fix and determine, by Rules or Regulations to be made by them for that Purpose, the Content or empowered to

Capacity* Mealwrt

which Fresh Herrings bought

and fold.

[Penalty.]

4$G»3. c. no.

150.

Regulations for defcring out Vessels (other than Buttes on Tonnage Bounty) for British Herring FUhery.

nwhK'.

48 G. 3. c. no.

Unlawful Nets forfeited.'

48 G. 3. C.IIO.

§12.

Regulations for clearing out Vessels for and discharging them from the British Herring Fishery, ot to extend to Boats which shall noeuceod

Burthen of Veer Tone.

48 G.3. e. no. IP-34-

ifl pert repealed.

Mailers to make Oath what Quantity of Salt irfed, &c.

C. 94. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Capacity of every Measure commonly called a Cran, by which Fresh Hearings, taken in the British Herring Fishery, shall be bought and sold; also the Form or Dimensions thereof, the Sort or Sorts of Wood of which

it shall be made, the Thickuefs of every Part thereof, the Number and Dimeufions of the Hoops with which it shall be bound, and whether the Whole or what Part of such Hoops shall be of Iron; and also to determine and direct what Marks or Characters shall be set, and upon what Part or Parts of every such Measure; as also to appoint a fit Person or Persons, at such Place or Places as they shall think proper, to examine the fame; and upon finding any such Measure to be conformable in all respects to the, Rules or Regulations to be made by the (kid Commissioners as aforesaid, to cause such Marks or Characters as aforesaid to be branded thereon with an hot Iron in his Presence, according to the Rules and Regulations aforesaid $ and if at any time after the Fir It Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Cran or Measure, not jo marked or branded as aforesaid, shall be made use of in the buying or receiving, felling or delivering of Fresh Herrings in the British Herring Fishery, or on any Part of the Coast or Shores of Great Britain* every Person so making use thereof shall forfeit the said Cran or Measure, and also the Sum of Teu Pounds, and the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall cause the said Cran or Measure to be destroyed; and that the Provisions made by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, against the fraudulent branding of Barrels of Herrings with any Mark or Character by that Act appointed to be branded thereon, by Order and in Presence of an Officer of the Fishery, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Subject of this Provision, and be put in Execution against any Person or Persons fraudulently branding any Measure called a Cran with such Marks or Characters as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or with any Marks or Characters cuimtenciung the fame. , .*T, -

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vessel or Boat, for which it is not meant the Tonnage Bounty shall be claimed, shall be intended to be fitted out at any Port or Place in Great Britain, where an Officer of the Fishery shall be (tationed for the British Herring Fimery, it shall be lawful to ship Salt, Netting, Barrels and other Stores, on board such Vessel or Boat, without the Presence of such Officer; provided the Person intending to ship the same shall first give such Notice thereof in Writing to the said Officer of the Fishery, and therein specify such Particulars as by the said Act are required; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Officer to give Permission under his Hand to such Person (to be written at the Foot of the said Notice) to ship or put on board the Stores therein specified; and when the same shall be so shipped or put on board, the Shipper shall make a Declaration thereof under his Hand, to be subjoined to the said Permission, and return the same to such Officer; whereupon the said Officer, being satisfied of the truth of the said Declaration, shall give the Mailer of the said Vessel or Boat a Certificate, that the said Stores, specifying the Quantities and Sorts thereof, were respectively entered and declared to be shipped, mentioning the Name of the said Vessel or Boat, and the Name of the Mailer thereof; and such Certificate shall be of the fame Force and Effect under the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, and of this Act, as if the said Salt, Netting, Barrels or other Stores, had been shipped in Presence of an Officer of the Fishery, and a Certificate had been granted by such Officer to the Effect prescribed in such cases by the said Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Net which according to the Tenor of the said Act may not be used for the taking of Herrings, shall be shipped or put on board any such Vessel or Boat as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Act or in this Act contained, relative to any Vessel or Boat which shall be intended to be or which shall be fitted out for the British Herring Fishery, with Salt, Netting, Barrels or other Stores, or which shall proceed to the said Fishery having on board Salt to be used in the curing of Herrings, or on board of which Herrings shall be cured, or which shall return with the Herrings so cured to any Port of Great Britain, so far as relates to the Reauifites directed by the said Act and this Act to be performed by the Person or Persons intending to fit out such Vessel or Boat, or by the Mailer thereof, or as relates to any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby provided for any Default in or Contravention of any of the said Requisites, shall extend or be construed to extend to the case of any Boat in which Salt, shall be shipped or put on board for the said Fishery, or which shall return with Herrings cured with such Salt to any Part bt Great Britain; provided such Boat mil not exceed the Burthen of Four Tons.

XVII. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is, among other things, enacted, that the Matter of every Vessel or Boat which shall u>

the British Herring Fishery, having on board Salt to he used in the Curing of Herrings, shall keep an Account (among other things) of the Quantity of Herrings which he shall cure or cause to be cored cvey,

Day, and the Quantity of Salt used in the Curing thereof; which Account, signed by him, the said Mailer shall bring, with the Herrings which ftaH have beta cured on board thereof, to any Port of Great Britaim to which the said Vessel or Boat ihatt return or arrive for the Discharge thereof, mid shall verify the feme on

Oath before such Officer, as therein mentioned Be it further enacted, That so much of the find recited Act as requires that the Quantity of Salt used every Day be fjpecified in such Account as aforefeuL and an relates to any Fwtalty or Forfeiture for the Omission thereof, is hereby repealed; and that the Matter of every such Vessel or Boat shall, before the feme Officer in whose Presence he shall, according to the Direction of the said recited Act, verify the Account of the Particulars by the said Act required to be specified thesem, and not hereby dispensed with, make Oath what Quantity of Salt has been used or expended in the Curing of the Herrings (mentioning the Number of Barrels, or, if cured in bulk, the Number of Herrings) specified in the said Account, and that no Part of the find Salt was embexzled, fold or in any manner difjposed of, otherwise than is exnreffed in the find Account; which Oath shall be Jo made by the Matter of such Vessel or Boat as aforesaid, beforekny Herring, Salt'or other Fishing Stores, shall be landed or unshipped w$h Intept be

lauded

55° GEORGII III.

C. 94. 263

landed out of the fame, under the like Forfeiture as is provided by the said recited Act in case such Account as aforesaid shall not be verified on Oath as thereby required,

XVIII. And Whereas by the said Act it is, among other things, enacted, that the Bounty thereby

granted shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings which (among other things) were not originally gutted; and further, that the Mailer of any Vessel or Boat laden with Salt or other Stores for the British Herring Fishery, or any Person having Salt stored on Shore at any Place where the said Fishery is carried c on, and intending to cure Herrings therewith, shall each of them respectively keep an Account (among other

things) of the Quantity of Herrings cured every Day, and of the manner in which the fame were cured;

that is to say, whether they were cured, gutted or ungutted; Be it further enacted, That no Herrings shall be deemed to be gutted within the meaning of the said Act or this Act, unless they were gutted, cured and packed within Twenty four Hours after they were taken or caught.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Matter of any Vessel or Boat arriving from the British Herring Fishery in any Port or Place in Great Britain, having on board Herrings cured with Salt which had been carried from any Port or Place in Great Britain to the said Fishery in a different Vessel, shall bring with the said Herrings a Declaration, signed by the Matter of the said Vessel or Boat in which the said Salt was carried to the Fishery (with a Copy indorsed thereon of the Certificate by the Officer of the Fishery, in whose Presence or by whose Permission the Salt was shipped), such Declaration expressing the Name of the Vessel or Boat in which the Herrings shall be shipped, the Name of the Matter thereof, the Number of Barrels of Herrings shipped or put on board the fame, with the Marks set on the said Barrels respectively, the Day on which the Herrings contained in each of the said Barrels respectively were cured, and the manner in wlr.ch the fame were cured, and what Quantity of the Salt specified in the said Certificate was used in the Curing thereof, as is directed by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty; the said Declaration, although it shall not have been verified on Oath by the Matter of the Vessel in which the said Salt was carried out, as by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty is required, shall be of the fame Force and Effect as if the fame had been so verified; provided the Matter of the Vessel or Boat so arriving and having on board the said Herrings, shall make Oath at the Foot thereof, before the Officer of the Fishery at the Port or Place where he shall so arrive, that there was no Officer of the Fishery at the Place where the said Herrings were shipped or put on board, before whom the said Declaration could have been verified, and that he verily believes that the said Declaration is true.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having Salt stored at any Place on Shore where the Herring Fishery is carried on, shall begin there to cure Herrings with such Salt as aforesaid, before having given such Notice of his Intention so to do to the proper Officer of the Fishery, as is required by the said Act made in the Forty eighth Year (a) of His Majesty's Reign; or if such Person or Persons shall not keep such Account thereof as is required by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, and this Act; or if the Curer of such Herrings shall not deliver such Account thereof to the proper Officer of the Fishery, and verify the fame upon Oath before such Officer as required by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, and this Act; every such Person so offending shall not only be entitled to no Bounty in respect of such Herrings, but also (unless the Quantity of Salt which he shall have stored as aforesaid shall not exceed Thirty Bushels) shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Pounds.

(*) [48 G. 3. c. no. tf 35.]

XXI. And Whereas by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that such Officer of the Fishery shall deliver a Copy of such Account, and of such Oath thereon as aforesaid 4 (certified by him to be a true Copy} to the Person by whom the same shall be so delivered and verified, as by the said Act is directed Be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as is above recited, be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that the said Officer shall, in lieu of such Copy, deliver to such Person as aforesaid, a Copy of so much only of the said Account as shall relate to Herrings cured gutted; and in case the Curer thereof shall produce the Whole or any Part of the Herrings comprised in such Copy to the said Officer, at the Place where the Herrings were so cured, in order to obtain thereon the Bounty hereby granted, such Curer shall thereupon deliver lip the said Copy to such Officer; and in case the said Curer shall have so produced a fart only of the Herrings specified in the said Copy, the said Officer shall give him a Copy of the said Account, as far as relates to the Residue of the said Herrings; and the like Proceedings shall be had as often as any Part of the said Herrings shall be fa produced at the Place where the fame were cured as aforesaid and (hat etfery such Copy ais aforesaid shall be certified by the said Officer of the Fishery to be a true Copy of or EbttVaft from the Accotint of the said Curer, verified by him upon Oath, specifying the time when and Place where it waft so verified: -

*V, X5C!I. And Whereas by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, it is, among

other things, enacted, that the Bounty thereby granted on White Herrings shall not be paid or allowed for

atry Herrings contained-in any Barrel on which such Marker.Marks, Character or Charofters, shall not

48 G. 3. c. iro. §35.3*-

When Herriofi deemed gutted.

Declaration nf TrinfMpment, verified at Port

of

48 MVfe.

§ 3$*.: fa' >+ '*"

Provisi*

Herrings cored on Shore, Account of, kept and delivered to proper Officer of Fishery.

Penalty*

48 G. 3. c.ft* §3*.

in pmpprinl.

- it

Cofcrbf Psrttf Accountg>toguttetf HeOUgl/dfarft

liverftd hpr ! 2

U' ? t-O 8*

_r_ gutted3; and further, that i£any Herrings packed irt any .Jr; rr rrr

1 'duce^to aA Officer of the Fishery, to be branded in his Presence, and certified by him* for the Purpose of obtaining the said Bounty, act such Herrings, with the Barrels containing the fame, shall be forfeited: And

Whdteas Herrings ifepheked out of Barrels in which they were originally cured, cannot be repacked into the fame Number of Barrels, and it therefore becomes necessary, when the Herrings packed in any Number of Barrels are intended to be repacked, that an additional Number of Barrels be provided to contain f: he SqrpldkAf said Herrings which shal] remain after the original Number of Barrels shall have been filled on* '4 with

48 G. 3. c. no.

9 , v< n

; f -» /

264

In what case not to extend to ad* ditipoal Barrels, &c.

Oath.

Bung-packed Herrings branded for

Bounty repacked, and lorylus Barrels branded; but uo Bounty allowed thereon.

[Proviso.]

Herrings cured otherwise than in Bulk not mixed with Herrings cured in Bulk.

Forfeited.

Herrings cured in Bulk packed in Barrels marked Bulk.

Forfeited.-

[Proviso.]

C. 94. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

with such Herrings* Be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as is above recked, (foil uui extend to such additional Number of Barrels, or any of them, which shall be so provided, and in which such Surplus of the said Herrings shall be so repacked as aforesaid, or to the Herrings contained therein; nor to any Barrel, or the Herrings therein contained, which Barrel shall be different from that in which the fame Herrings were originally cured and packed, in case such last mentioned Barrel shall have been rendered unfit by accidental Damage to contain such Herrings; but every Barrel of such surplus Herrings, or of Herrings repacked out of such another Barrel rendered unfit by accidental Damage to contain the same as aforesaid, shall, upon the Oath of the Curer thereof, verifying the Fadl before the proper Officer of the Fishery, deemed to be in the fame Plight or Condition, within the Meaning of the said Act and this Act, as if the Barrel were the fame in which the Herrings were originally cured, and on which the like Marks or Characters were set at the Fishery, as directed by the said Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Curer or Proprietor of any Number of Barrels of Herrings Bung-packed, on which the Bounty granted by the said Act or this Act shall have been allowed, shall intend to repack the fame with Great Salt in the fame Barrels, and as many in Addition thereto as with the original Number shall be necessary to contain the fame in a repacked State, the said Curer or Proprietor shall give Twenty four Hours' Notice in Writing under his Hand, of his said Intention, to the proper Officer of the Fishery; and if upon Production of the said Herrings so repacked as aforesaid, the said Curer or Proprietor shall, upon the Request Note (which, according to such Regulations as shall be made by the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, he shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to the said Officer) make Oath before him that the Plerrings contained in the Barrels so produced (mentioning the Number) in a repacked State, are tire very fame Herrings, without any Addition or Mixture whatever, that were originally in a bung-packed State contained in that Part (mentioning the Number) of the said Barrels, whereof each is branded with Marks or Characters denoting that the Bounty granted by the said Act or by this Act was allowed or paid thereon; and if the Barrels of Herrings so produced shall, upon due Inspection and Examination, be found by the said Officer to be each of them well cured, properly repacked, and in all respects such as a Barrel of White Herrings, on which the said Bounty is claimed or allowed, is by the said Act and this Act required to be, he shall cause each of the said Barrels in which the said Herrings were originally cured, and in which the greater Part thereof are now repacked, to be branded with such Maiks or Characters, in addition to those which shall have been already branded thereon, as the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall direct, and as shall denote that the same are repacked, and by what Officer the fame were mfpedled and examined after the repacking thereof; and the said Officer shall cause each of the Barrels in which the remaining Part of the said Herrings shall be repacked, to be branded with such Marks ci Characters as by the said Act or this Act are directed to be branded thereon, in case the fame were produced to the said Officer in order to obtain the Bounty granted by this Act, and had been by him deemed to be -entitled thereto, with such Addition to the same as the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall think fit to direct, and as shall denote that the same are so branded under the Authority of this Provision: Provided always, that no Bounty shall be paid or allowed, nor shall any Certificate be granted for that Purpose, in respect of any such Barrel or Barrels of Plerrings repacked and branded with such Marks or Characters, and with such Addition thereto as last above mentioned, but that the same shall nevertheless be liable to Forfeiture in all cases where any Barrel or Barrels of Plerrings, on which the said Bounty shall have been allowed, would by the said Act or this Act be liable thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Herrings cured otherwise than in Bulk, shall be mixed with Herrings cured in Bulk, whether packed or not; nor shall any Herrings cured in Bulk, or any Herrings which, although otherwise cured, shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, be packed in any Barrel or Cask, unless the Word " Bulk" shall have been first branded thereon in manner herein directed; and if any Herrings cured otherwise than in Bulk, shall be miked with Herrings cured in Bulk; or if any Herrings cured in Bulk, or which, although otherwise cured, shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, shall be packed in any Barrel or Cask, Barrels or Calks, unless the Word " Bulk" shall have been first branded thereon in the manner herein directed, and shall remain thereon distinctly legible; all such Herrings, with the Barrels or Calks containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or Customs.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Herrings in Bulk shall be brought or imported iaiu any Port or Place in Great Britain from the British Herring Fishery, or from any other Port or Place in Great Britain, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions, such Herrings shall upon the Landing thereof be conveyed to a Place proper for the packing of the fame, and shall there without Delay be packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word " Bulk" shall have been first branded in the manner herein directed, and shall not afterwards be laid in Bulk; and if any Herrings in Bulk brought or imported from the British Herring Fishery, or from any such other Port or Place as aforesaid, shall not upon the landing thereof be conveyed to fuefi Place as aforesaid, or shall not there without delay be packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word " Bulk" shall have first been, or within Twenty four Hours afterwards shall be branded in the manner herein directed, and shall remain thereon distinctly legible, or, having been so packed, shall be afterwards laid in Bulk, the said Herrings, with the Barrels or other Packages in which the same shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery: Provided always, that no Herrings cured or laid in Bulk, which shall be intended to be made into Red Herrings, and which on the landing thereof shall be conveyed to a Manufactory of Red Herrings, shall be required to be packed in Barrels so marked as directed by this Act; nor shall any Herrings cured or laid in Bulk, which on the landing thereof were packed in Barrels on each of which the Word " Bulk" shall have been branded in the

manner

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 94- 2

manner herein directed, be forfeited for being afterwards taken out of such Barrel at a Manufactory of Red Herrings provided the same shall be immediately put in Process for being made into Red Herrings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Herrings, being the Refuse of the Manufactory of Red Refute of Red* Herrings, shall be packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word " Refuse" shall hare been branded in the Herrings packed, manner herein directed; and all such Herrings not packed in Barrels on each of which the Word " Refuse"

shall be so branded, and shall remain distinctly legible, as well as all Herrings whatever mixed with Herrings* of the said Description, whether packed or not, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Forfeited. Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs.

XXVII. Provided always, That so much of this Act as enads, that Herrings cured otherwise than in Barrels coutaia-Bulk shall not be mixed with Herrings cured in Bulk, and that Herrings cured in Bulk shall not be packed ing Herrings in any Vessel or Calk unless the Word " Bulk" shall have been branded thereon in manner herein directed, htVats, shall not extend or be construed to extend to Herrings cured originally in Bulk, in tight Vats, Pits, Cisterns, &c. not marked Hogsheads, or Calks of a larger Size than Hogsheads, and therein preserved in the Pickle produced by Bulk.

their original Cure, till the same shall have been packed in Barrels, and which, having been so packed in , :

Barrels, shall not have been afterwards laid in Bulk; or to any Herrings cured otherwise than in Bulk,.

mixed with Herrings so cured as last above described.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any White Herrings, packed in Barrels or Calks, shall Relations robe imported or brought into any Port or Place in Great Britain, from any Port or Place in Ireland, the Isle of garding White Man, or from any other Island or Colony under His Majesty's Dominion, the Barrels or Calks containing Herrings im-the said Herrings shall have been, or within Twenty four Hours after the landing thereof and before the fame shall be put into any Warehouse, shall be branded with such Word or Words as after mentioned

respectively; that is to say, if imported from any Port or Place in Ireland, with the word " Irish if imported from the Isle of Man, with the word u Manx if imported from any other Island or Colony under His Majesty's Dominion, with a Word or Words descriptive of the Name of such other Island or Colony respectively; which Word or Words shall be branded on every such Barrel or Cask respectively in the manner herein directed, and shall remain thereon distinctly legible; nor shall any such Herrings be afterwards packed in any other Barrels or Calks, unless such Word or Words respectively as aforesaid shall have been so branded thereon as aforesaid; nor shall any such Herrings be laid in Bulk, or mixed with any other Herrings, unless the same shall be so laid in Bulk or mixed in a Manufactory of Red Herrings, for the Purpose of being made into Red Herrings; and if any White Herrings, imported in Barrels or Calks

from any such Port or Place as is above mentioned, shall be found in Bulk, or mixed with any other Herrings

unless as aforesaid, or packed in Barrels or Calks on which such Word or Words shall not have been branded respectively, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible as aforesaid contrary to this Act, all such Herrings, Forfeited, with the Barrels or Calks containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Proviso for the Fishery or of the Customs: Provided always, that nothing in the said Act made in the Forty eighth8 G*3» c.

Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in this Act contained, relative to the Size or Thickness of the Barrels or,

Half Barrels in which White Herrings shall be packed, or against their being made of Fir, or relative to the Exportation of White Herrings, shall extend or be construed to extend to White Herrings imported in Barrels or Casks from Ireland, the Isle of Man, or from any other Island or Colony under His Majesty's Dominion, such Barrels or Casks being branded in the manner herein directed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Word or Words is or are by this Act directed SiseofLettera

or required to be branded on any Barrel or Cask, the same shall be so branded with an hot Iron on the Bulge where Words thereof, in legible, conspicuous and permanent Letters, whereof each shall not be less than One Inch and a ft0* Half in Length. Barrels

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Barrel of Herrings repacked or bung-packed, shall be deemed Herrings entitled to the Bounty of Four Shillings per Barrel granted by this Act, unless a Space of time not less than Fifteen Days in Fifteen Days shall have intervened from and after the Day when the said repacked Herrings were originally Salt before en-cured and packed, and before the Day when the fame were begun to be repacked, or unless a Space of tltled to ount7* time not leis than Fifteen Days shall have intervened from and after the Day when such bung-packed Herrings

were originally cured and packed, and before the Day when the fame were completely bung-packed; and if any Barrel of Herrings repacked or bung-packed shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to obtain the said Bounty, not being entitled thereto according to the Provisions of this Act, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty of Four Shillings per Barrel granted by this Act Bounty not paid shall not be paid or allowed for any Barrel of Herrings bung-packed, or repacked with Small Salt, which on Barrels undtc shall not contain, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and Thirty live Pounds Weight of Fish at the certain Weight, least; or for any Barrel of Herrings repacked with Great Salt, which shall not contain, exclusive of Salt and

Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Fish at the least: And if any Barrel of Herrings, bung-packed, or repacked with Small Salt, and not containing, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and Thirty five Pounds Weight of Fish at the least; or if any Barrel of Herrings, repacked with Great Salt, and not containing, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and Twelve Pounds Weight of Fish at the least; shall be tendered to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to obtain the aforesaid Bounty thereon; the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery. Forfeited.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty hereby granted shall not be paid or allowed for At what Pont or in respect of any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, unless the same shall be produced to the proper Officer or Places Her-of the Fishery, and branded in his Presence, in manner by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His rings branded present Majesty's Reign directed, at such Port or Place as is herein after directed respectively, and no Bounty.

55 Geo. III. M m other;

Forfeited.

266

'Herrings intended for Bounty hereby granted, gutted with Knife. Whether or not gutted, specified in Account or Journal.

Part of Bounty withheld from Herrings not gutted with Knife.

4*0.3. c.iio. §40.

in part repealed.

Barrels under Weight not allowed to be exported.

If tendered to be shipped forfeited.

48 G. 3. c.IIOl

§3*.

Mode of settling Disputes between Officers and Cur era.

C. 94. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

other 5 that k to say, if the said Herrings were cured with Salt stored on Shore at a Place where the Herring Fishery was carried on, then the said Barrel or Barrels of Herrings shall be so produced and branded as aforesaid, at the Port or place where the said Herrings were so cured, or at some other Place within the Came Port, or at the next Place without such Port, to which the same shall be removed or carried; or if the said Herrings were cured with Salt carried out in any Vessel or Boat fitted out for the British Herring Fishery, ana were brought from the said Fishery in the fame or any other Vessel, according to the Regulations of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year 01 His present Majesty's Reign and this Act, then the Barrel or Barrels of the said Herrings shall be so produced and branded as aforesaid, at the Port or Place to which the same shall have been so brought from the said Fishery 5 nor shall the said Bounty be paid or allowed in respect of any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, unless the Curer thereof, who shall produce the same to the proper Officer of the Fishery for that Purpose, shall, after the same shall have been to produced and inspected by such Officer, make Oath before him, which Oath the said Officer is hereby authorized to administer (such Oath to be written at the Foot of the Request Note, which pursuant to any Regulation made or to be made by the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, such Curer shall have delivered to the said Officer, in order to his attending to insped the said Herrings), that the said Herrings and every Part thereof were, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, gutted and packed within Twenty four Hours after they were caught, and that the fame or any Part thereof were not, either in the fame or in different Barrels, before that time produced to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to obtain the Bounty granted by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, Herrings, in respect of which the Bounty hereby granted shall be intended to be claimed, shall be gutted with a Knife, in the manner practised by the Dutch Fimermen; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to make Rules and Regulations for carrying the Purposes of this Provision into effect 5 and every Perfoji who is required by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year (a) of the Reign of His present Majesty to keep* an Account or Journal of Herrings cured, or to give a Declaration thereof shall (over and above the Particulars by the said Act required) mention therein, whether the Herrings taken# cured and gutted every Day, or what Part thereof at the least, were wholly gutted with a Knife, according to the Regulations to be made pursuant to this Act, and shall verify the Fast upon Oath, as by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year (3) of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed; and if any Barrels or Half Barrels of Herrings, which shall have been gutted otherwise than with a Knife in the manner hereby directed, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to be branded and certified for the Bounty hereby granted, the said Officer shall, in the Certificate to be granted by him pursuant to the said Act, describe or distinguish such Barrels or Half Barrels of Herrings as have been gutted otherwise than as hereby directed; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to cause to be disallowed and withholden a Part of the Bounty granted by this Act, not exceeding Six pence for each and every Barrel, and Three pence for every Half Barrel of such Herrings as last above mentioned. (a) [48 G. 3. c. no. £35.]

(b) [48 O. 3. c.no. §36.]

XXXIV. And Whereas by the said Act it is, among other things, enacted, that no White Herrings shall be exported or shipped, or tendered to be shipped, for any Port or Place out of Europe, unless such

Herrings shall have been repacked, and a Space of time not less than Fifteen Days shall nave intervened,

from the Day when the fame were originally cured and packed, and before the fame were repacked; all which shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Fishery and of the Customs, at

any Port or Place to which the same shall be brought Coastwise for Exportation, by Certificate to be granted

by the proper Officer of the Fishery at the Port or Place from which the fame were so sent Coastwise as ' aforesaid, and Oath made thereon by the Exporter or his Agent before any such Officer, that the Herrings tendered for Exportation are the fame that were brought Coastwise with such Certificate: And Whereas

such Certificate and Oath are rendered unnecessary by the Provisions of this Act, with respect to any Barrel of White Herrings upon which the Bounty of Four Shillings hereby granted shall have been allowed; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so much of the said Act as is above recited shall be repealed, so far as respects any Barrel of Herrings in respect of which it shall appear, by the Mark thereon, that the said Bounty of Four Shillings shall have been allowed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Barrel of Herrings repacked with Great Salt, which shall not contain, e^elusive of Salt and Brine, the Quantity of Fish herein after mentioned respectively, at the least 5 that is to say, if intended to be exported to any Port or Place in Europe, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight, or if intended to he exported to any Port or Place out of Europe, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, shall he shipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to be shipped for Exportation to any such Port or Place as aforesaid respectively; or if any Barrel of Herrings bung-packed, or repacked with Small Salt, which shall not contain, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and thirty five Pounds Weight of Fish, at the least, shall be shipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fishery in order to be shipped for Exportation to any Port or Place in Europe; the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be'seized by any Officer of the Fishery.

XXXVI. And Whereas the rrovifione in the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for settling Disputes between Officers of the Fishery and Curers or Proprietors of Her- rings, in certain cases in the said Act mentioned, have not been found effectual; Be it enacted, That in every such case, any Justice of the Peace, to whom Application shall be made either by the Officer or Curer, shall appoint Two skilful Persons, who shall have no Interest in the Matter in Dispute, One to be nominated by the

Officer

A.D. 1815. 5j° GEORGII III. C. 94. 67

Officer and the other by the of polite Party; and if either Party shall fail to make fuqh Nomination before or at the time when he shall be required by Authority of the said Justice (not being longer than Twenty four Hours from the time of being required to make such Appointment) so to do, then the said Justice shall nominate One skilful Person, not interested in the Matter in Dispute, in his Place; and the Persons so appointed9 upon Examination of the Matters in Dispute, shall certify on their Oaths, to be taken before the said Justice, their Opinion on the Matters aforesaid; and if they shall agree in their Opinion, the Matter in Dispute shall be determined accordingly; but if the Arbitrators so to be appointed shall differ in Opinion thereon, the said Justice shall require them to name one other skilful Person, not interested in the Matter in Dispute, which Person so nominated shall examine the Matters in Dispute, and upon such Examination shall certify upon Oath, to be made before the said Justice, his Opinion thereon, and the said Matter shall then be finally determined accordingly.

XXXVII. And Whereas by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, it is, among 48 0*3.

' other things, enacted, that the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall be authorized to allqw Premiums §55

or Bounties, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds in the whole in any one Year, to be paid to

Person8 who shall employ Boats of a Burthen not less than Fifteen Tons by Admeasurement, in the taking

of Herrings on the Coarf of Scotland, and who shall cure and pack the fame according to such Plan and to such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall make and pubiiffi in that behalf: And Whereas

it is expedient to extend the Benefit of the said recited Clause to the Effect herein after provided Be it therefore enacted, That such Premiums or Bounties as aforesaid shall and may be allowed to Persons who shall

fit out Boats of such Burthen as aforesaid from any Port or Place in Scotland, and employ the fame in the febiifoiag os*taking of Herrings on the Coast of Great Britain, Ireland or the Isle of Man, and wno shall cure and pack Coasts of G.B. the fame according to such Plan and to such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid. &c.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Vessel or Boat which shall be laden at any Port or What Vtfleb Place in Great Britain with Salt in Bulk or in Barrels, intended to be used in the Curing of Herrings in Bulk deeed

or in Barrels, by the Matter and Crew thereof, such Herrings having been taken by the said Matter and Herrin* Fishery Crew on any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain, Ireland or the Isle of Man, or purchased fireffi by the said

Matter, on any Part of the said Coasts, from the Crews of other Britiw Boats by whom the fame were taken,

shall be deemed and taken to be a Vessel or Boat fitted out for toe British Herring Fishery, within the

Meaning of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act;

and where any such Vessel or Boat, having been so fitted out for the Brki/l Herring Fishery, and proceeded and what Her-

to any Part of the Coast of Great Britain, Ireland or the Me ttf Mctn, where the Fiffiing of Herrings shall rings deemed

have been carried on, and of which the Matter and Crew shall have there taken or purchased Herrings fresh, from and cured the fame in Bulk or in Barrels, shall arrive laden therewith in any Port or Place of Great Britain; FlftierI*

or where any Herrings, taken or purchased and cured as aforesaid, shall have been transfiipped out of any such Vessel or Boat as aforesaid, into any other Vessel or Boat which shall arrive laden with the said Herrings

in any Port or Place in Great Britain; then and in either of these cases all such Herrings shall be deemed to

have been brought from the British Herring Fishery, within the Meaning of the said Act and this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Herrings, Commissionert Barrels or Calks, Salt, Nets or Netting, or any Boats, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue or in pursuance of authorised to rev the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or of this Act> it shall and may be m, t Penaltion lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, or any Three of them, on Evidence, given to

their Satisfaction that the Forfeiture arose without any Intention of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors,

[Proviso.]

Claimant or Claimants, and Person or Persons having the Custody, Care or Management, for the time being, of such Herrings, Barrels or Calks, Salt, Nets, Netting or Boats, to order the Tame to be restored to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, in fuqh manner and on such Term9 and Conditions as, under the circumuanees of the case, shall appear to the said Commissioners to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Clainants, shall comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by such Commissioners, it shall not be lawful for such Herrings, Barrels or Calks, Salt, Nets or Netting, or Boats, to be proceeded against in any manner for the Condemnation thereof; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants shall not comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, such Herrings, Barrels or Calks, Salt, Nets or Netting, or Boats, may and shall be proceeded against for the Condemnation thereof, as if this Provision had not been made: Provided always, that if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, shall accept the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants respectively, shall not, nor shall any of them, have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage, on account of the Seizure or Detention of such Herrings, Barrels or Calks, Salt, Nets or Netting, or Boats.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Half Barrel of White Herrings shall, if bung-packed or re- Half Barrels en-packed, contain Half the Quantity of Fiffi, exclusive of Salt and Brine, which a Barrel of Herrings bung- titled to Half packed or mpacked is by the said Act and this Aftjrequired to contain respectively $ and shall be entitled to Half of the Bounty, and be subject to all Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which a Barrel*-3-

of Herrings in the like case is liable.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall be and they are Commissioners hereby authorized and empowered to revoke and annul, or alter, or vary, any Rule or Regulation made by may lter Rvdea* them pursuant to the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act» and in lieu thereof to make another Rule or Regulation for the fame Purpose, which shall be of full force.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture by the aforesaid Act of the Penalties and Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, or by this Act imposed, except in any case where other Provision Forfeitures how

M m 2 sued for.

a68 C. 94>95>9^' 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

is thereby made, shall or may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be hied for, recovered, levied and mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excite, or by A&ioa of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and one Moiety of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same.

Rules, &c.in

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in the before force. recited Act, and all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed thereby, shall be in full Force and Effect as if the fame were re-enacted in this Act, unless where the same are altered, varied or repealed by or under the Authority of this Act.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to repeal the Duties payable on the Importation into Great Britain of solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark, and other Vegetable Substances used in the Tanning of Leather j and to grant a Duty in lieu thereof. £i4tH 1845.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain Sch. (A.)*W of any solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark and other Vegetable Subfthnoes used in the^Taatoing

4 of Leather, (hoidd be repealed, and that other Duties should be imposed in lieu thereof* .therefore enacted by T\& King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advifce and Content of thdJLfflfds Spiritual tkn of Veg^1" an<* Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, table Oak Bark, fro and after the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the/Dutiesitif.Customs Ac. to cease, payable by upon the Importation into Great Britain of any solid Vegetable Extract fkbtm GaX Bark* and othpr Vegetable Substances used in the Tanning of Leather, and for no other Purpose whatever* do- cease and .determine, lave and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof whichifaay remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been inourred at any C time before the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; - ^nd that from and after

New Duty.: the said Day, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be rfaised, 'levied, collected and paid, unto riis Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon every Hundredweight of such solid Vegetable Extrad from Oak Bark, and other Vegetable Substances to be used for the Purpose of Tanning Leather, and no other Purpose whatever, the Sum of Three Shillings.

Duty levied as

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, ggfg*1"paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered 5 and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing Jorner Aftsin the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, for any Offences fores. whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before

the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

Application of,

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner 49 G. 3. c. 98. a* the Permanent Duties imposed by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present S 46- Majesty 'are. directed to be appropriated and applied.

Afi varied, &c. IV. 4And. be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to , be made in this present Session of Parliament.

r [See Duties in Ireland, c. 82. Sch* (A.) ante.-\

r i \.CAP. XCVI.

IAft Act to grant a further Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate to accompany the Title of Earl Nelson y and also to amend Two Acts of the Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of His present*j* Majesty's Reign for making such Purchase.

[14th4 June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled^4 W An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelson, and thi Heirs Male of his; ?; J&odf, and such other Persons to whom the Title of Earl Nelson may defend; and1 for granting a Sum of % 4 Money to purchase an Estate to accompany the said Title; and a{f°> for granting a Sum of 1ifioncy for the Use.4 of the Sy ten of the late Vice Admiral Vif count Nelson; in Consideration of the eminentajrid fgnal Services $9performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Public; a Sum not eHceeding Ninety thou-

9 sand Pounds was granted out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the Speaker of the House of9Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, and the Treasurer of the §17. i Navy for the time being respectively, the Honourable George Walpole, Alexander. Davison Esquire and9William Hqftewood Esquire, who were thereby required to invest the fame in the Purchase of a Mansion House,

and of any Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of a good Estate of Inheritance in Fee^12'4 Simple,

A.D. 1815. J5° GEORGII III. .C. 96. 269

Simple, in Possession, to be free from Incumbrances, except Fee Farm Rents, and Quit Rents, and other

Rents Services, and to be situate in any Part of Great Britain, and the Mansion House to be called Trafalgar

House; and it was enabled, that the said Mansion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Heredi- §

taments, should when so purchased be forthwith settled, conveyed and allured, to the Use of the Reverend

William Earl Nelson, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Nelson, and to such other Person to whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Nelson should defeend, pursuant to the Limitations of the

Patent, whereby the said Dignity was granted; and it was further enacted, that it should be lawful for the*34*

Trustees for the time being, with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the

Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, to convey by way of Sale or Exchange for any other Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of a good Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple and Possession, and to be free from Incumbrances, and situate as aforesaid, all or any of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, except such of them as should coniift of a Capital Mansion House, Gardens and Park intended for the actual Residence and Occupation of those who for the time being should be entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the said purchased Estates: And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of 53 His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for settling and securing a certain Annuity, and for purchasing an Estate for the Earl Nelson, it was enabled, § z.

that so long as the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Nelson should endure, neither the said Earl Nelson,

nor any other Person to whom the Mansion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased, should or might defeend or Hand limited by virtue of the Limitations directed by the said recited Act, should have any Power to hinder, bar or disinherit any the Person or Persons to or upon whom the said Mansion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments were by the said recited Act to be veiled or limited from holding or enjoying the fame according to the said Limitations,

other than and except as in the said Act now in recital is excepted; and it was further enacted, that on $ a.

failure of the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William Ear\, NefJoih and on failure of the said Title,

Honour and Dignity of Earl Nelson, the Mansion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, should remain to the Use of the said William Earl Nelson, and his Heirs and Assigns for ever 5 and it was thereby further enacted, that in case the said Trustees should 5 4*

think it fitting it should be lawful for them to repair, and put in complete Repair, and make any Additions to, or Alterations in any Messuage or Mansion House, Out Offices and Out Buildings that should or might be Handing or being upon the Lands which should be so purchased as aforesaid, and to make any Erections or Buildings, Plantations or other Improvements, or any Alterations in, or Additions to, or Substitutiong for all or any Part or Parts of the Lands so to be purchased, which should have been already laid '

out, or should be deemed proper to be laid out as and for a Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleasure Ground or Grounds, so as in the Judgment and Discretion of the fame Persons to render the whole fit for such Residence as aforesaid, and to pay and apply sufficient Part of the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, in satisfying and discharging the Costs and Expences of such Repairs, Alterations, Additions, Substitutions and Improvements, last thereinbefore mentioned: And Whereas an Opportunity has offered of purchasing from the Devisees under the Will of Henry Dawkins Esquire, for the Sum of Ninety three thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, the Manor of Standlynchj in the County of Wilts, a Mansion House, and certain Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Te-

nements, Mills, Farms, Tithes, Woods, Woodlands, Fisheries and other Hereditaments, situate in Standlynchj Downtonj Charlton, Britford and IVhileparishj in the said County of Wilts; of which Hereditaments the Mansion House and Thirteen hundred and forty five Acres, or thereabouts, are Freehold of Inheritance;

Four hundred and fifty nine Acres, or thereabouts, are Copyhold of Inheritance; Ninety three Acres,

4 or thereabouts, are Copyhold for Lives; and a small Part of the said Hereditaments is subject to an outHanding Term of Years, determinable on One Life; and other Parts thereof are subject to certain Fee Farm Rents, Water Rents, Quit Rents and other Rents: And Whereas it will require the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, to put the said Mansion House and Buildings on the said Estate into a proper

State of Repair: And Whereas the said Estate is well calculated to be annexed to the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Nelfori, and the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His 46 G 3. c. 146. Majesty's Reign are desirous of purchasing the fame for that Purpose; but as the Value of the said Estate exceeds the Sum granted by the said first recited Act, and as the said Trustees are not expressly enabled, by the Provisions of the said recited Acts, to purchase any other than Freehold Lands of Inheritance, nor Lands in Reversion, nor Lands subject to any Rents, except Fee Farm Rents, and Quit Rents, and other Rents Services, the said Purchase cannot be carried into Effect: And Whereas it is desirable, for improving the Value of the Estate to be purchased, that the Trustees of the said Estate should be empowered to procure the Enfranchisement of Copyholds, and to purchase the Rents to which the fame may be subject, and that the Powers of Sale and Exchange given by the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign should be further extended: And Whereas the said Purchase cannot be completed, or the said Powers

legally given to the Trustees of the said Estate, except by the further Aid of ParliamentNow We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kindom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most gracious Intentions expressed in the said in Part recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of Your Majesty's Reign, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a fur- I. paid ©lit ther Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be paid out of the Con- FundTe^uT*

folidated lees.

2 JO C. 96.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Warrants and Debentures made forth without Fee.

Not revocable.

nfury, uired t<

required to do every thing necessary with-out Fee.

Acquittances of Trustees sufficient Discharge, &c.

folidatedFund of Great Britain, after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid oat of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or maj be hereafter charged upon the said Fund, free and clear of eU Taxes 46 G. 3. c. i.; 6. an(j Deductions whatsoever, to the Trustees for the time being under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty^ Reign, and to be applied by them in the manner herein after mentioned.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner, of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands, to dhreft the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures for paying the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, from time to time as the same shall be required, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds to such Trustees as aforesaid, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the signing of such Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determined or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve! ), orany of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now and for the time being, and the High Treasurer for the time being, the Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acauittances, Receipt or Receipts, of the said Trustees, for the Sum so directed to be paid to them, or for any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the fame, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other Public Charges whatsoever; and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum of Nine Thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Trustees to receive the said Sum of Nine thousand rounds, or any Part thereof, then the said Trustees may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Executors and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall or may recover Judgments, and sue out Execution thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds as shall hare been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required, to lay out and invest the Sum of Eighty seven thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds granted by the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and so much of the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds hereby granted as aforesaid, as shall be necessary in the Purchase of the Manor, Manlion House, Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Tenements, Mills, Farms, Tithes, Woods, Woodlands, Fisherie* and other Hereditaments hereinbefore mentioned, subject to the Incumbrances to which the same are subject as aforesaid; which said Freehold and Copyhold Estates, when so purchased, shall be forthwith settled, conveyed, surrendered and allured, to the same Uses, subject to the fame Powers and Restric-

___ _ _ tions, and in the same manner as in and by the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of His

S3 G. 3. c. 134. present Majesty's Reign is directed, with respect to the Manlion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by the said first mentioned Act directed to be purchased, or as near thereto as the Nature and Tenure of the said Estates will admit, and also subject to the rower herein after expressed and contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required, to lay out and invest the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, the remaining Part of the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds granted by the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any Part or Parts of the fame, in making such Reparations in the said Manlion House at Standfyncb aforesaid, and of the Stables, Out Buildings, Mill, Garden Walls and Offices belonging to the fame, or held therewith, or any of them, as the Trustees in their Discretion shall think proper; and that the said Trustees may either thetn-selves pay and apply the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, as hereinbefore it mentioned, or entrust the Person for the time being entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the said Estate with the Payment and Application thereof, on taking his Receipt or Receipts for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby required apply the Residue of the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds hereby granted, in procuring the Enfeanchifemenc

of

Certain Sums laid out in Pur-fhafe of Stand-lyoch Manor, ft*.

46 G. 3. c. 146.

3pool, laid out in making Reparations in Manlion House tt Standlynch.

Residue laid out in finfrauchile-

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 96.

of all or any Part of the Copyhold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments purchased or received in Exchange in pursuance of this Act, and in the Purchase of the Fee Farm Rents, Water Rents, Quit Rents and other Rents Services affecting the Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments, which shall have been so purchased or received in Exchange as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, and in Execution of any of the Trulls and Powers contained in the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the Purchase of any Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments, which shall in the Judgment of the said Trustees bt convenient to be held and occupied with the Bulk of the Estate hereinbefore directed to be purchased, or to be given in Exchange for any other Lands convenient to be held and occupied therewith, or for the Freehold of any of the said Copyholds, and the Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall be conveyed and settled to the same Uses, and subject to the fame Powers and restrictions to and subject to which the Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this present Act, mail then (land limited and subject.

IX. And Whereas Parts of the Copyhold Hereditaments hereinbefore directed to be purchased, are 1 Parcel of a Manor whereof the Lord Bishop of Winchester in Right of his See is Lord, and other Parts of the said Copyhold Hereditaments are Parcel of a Manor of which the Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of*Saint Mary's College Winchester near Winchester, are Lords 5 and other Parts of the said Copyhold Hereditaments and some of the Rents to which the Estates hereinbefore directed to be purchased are subject, are or may be veiled in some Corporation, Infant, Feme Covert, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under some Disability or Incapacity, or having only a partial or qualified Estate or Interest therein; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of Winchester, and the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of Saint Mary\ College for the time being, and any such Corporation as aforesaid, and the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees and Committees of such incapacitated Persons, and for the Persons having such partial or qualified Estate or Interest as aforesaid, to enfranchise the said Copyhold Hereditaments, or to convey the Freehold thereof in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which they may be willing to accept 111 Exchange for the fame, and to fell the said Rents upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between them and the Trustees for the time being under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and that it shall be lawful for the said Bishop and the said Warden and Scholars for the time being, and for such Corporation, and the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees and Committees of such incapacitated Persons, and for the Persons having such partial or qualified Estate or Interest as aforesaid, to enter into, make and execute all such Contradls, Agreements, Sales, Exchanges, Conveyances and Assurances, as shall be requisite and necessary for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Consideration Monies to be paid for the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold Hereditaments which shall be Parcel of any Manor whereof the Bishop of Winchester is Lord, as shall be agreed to be given for the Right, Title and Interest of the said Bishop in the fame, shall be paid to the Bishop of Winchester for the time being, and that his Receipt shall be an effectual Discharge for the fame; and that it shall be lawful for the said Bishop and his Successors, at their respective Discretion, to apply all or any Part of the said Monies in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debt*, or other Incumbrances or Part thereof, affecting any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to the See of Winchester, or in the Purchase of the Land Tax affecting any Living or Livings in the Patronage of the said See of Winchester, and until such Consideration Monies can be so applied, the said Bishop and hi* Successors shall invest the fame in Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends and Interest thereof shall be received by the Bishop of Winchester for the time being.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Consideration Monies to be paid for the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold Hereditaments which are Parcel of the Manor whereof the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of Saint Mary's College of Winchester near Winchester, are Lords, as shall be agreed to be given for the Right, Title and Interest of the said Warden and Scholars therein, shall be paid to the said Warden and Scholars for the time being, and that their Receipts shall be an effectual Discharge for the fame; and that it shall be lawful for them and their Successors to apply all or any Part of the said Monies in the Purchase of the Land Tax or Discharge of any Debt or Debts or other Incumbrances or Part thereof, affecting any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the said College, or in the Purchase of the Land Tax affecting any Living or Livings in their Patronage, and until such Consideration Monies can be so applied, the said Warden and Scholars shall invest the fame in Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends and Interest thereof shall be received by the said Warden and Scholars.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Enfranchisements of Copyholds or Sales of Rents shall be made in pursuance of this Act, by any other Corporation or by any Person having such partial or qualified Estate or Interest as aforesaid, or by the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees or Committees of such incapacitated Persons as aforesaid, the Consideration Monies for such Enfranchisements and Sales shall be paid to Three Persons, Two of whom shall be appointed by the Person or Persons making such Enfranchisements or Sales, and the other by the Trustees for the time being under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's ReigD, by Writing under their respective Hands; and the Receipts of such Three Persons shall ba effectual Discharges for such Consideration Monies, and shall exonerate the Persons paying the fame from all Obligation of seeing to the Application, and all Liability for the JMifapplication or Nonapplication of the said Monies; and the Three Persons to be so appointed shall at the Option of such Persons having a partial or qualified Estate or Interest, or such incapacitated Persons respectively, or their respective Guardians, Husbands, Trustees or Committees respectively, signified by Writing under their respective Hands, cause the said Monies to be investedin the Names of them the said Trustees, either in the Purchase of Freehold or Copyhold Heredita*

meat*

37*

ment of Copy-hold Premiftt.

BUhop of Wia-chester, he, empowered to enfranchised Pre-raises required.

Application of Consideration Money paid to Bishop of Winchester.

Application of Consideration Money paid to College of Winchester.

Application of Consideration Money paid to other Corporations or incapacitated Persons.

2j2 C, g6.

55° GEORGII III.

A; D. 1815.

If $, cocl cannot be laid out in manner directed, invested in Exchequer Bills,

Powe* to cut dovrn Timber lor Repairs.

Coy py hold Lands and Pre-mifet desirable held with the Efl*te purchased taken in Exchange for Pajt thereof,c.

fee Finn

Rents, kc. payable out of annual Rents of Eftatts pur*

ments of Inheritance in Fee Simple, or of Land Tax, or of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and (land and be Seized and possessed of and interested in the said Hereditaments, Land Tax and Bank Annuities^ so to be purchased as aforesaid, and the Yearly Income and Produce of the fame respectively, upon such Trusts (as far as the Rules of Law and Equity will admit) as shall be similar to and correspond with the USes and Trusts which would have been Sub lifting in the Estates and Interests alienated and disposed of by the said Enfranchisements and Sales if the fame had not taken place, and assign, convey and settle the fame accordingly.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if on Payment of the said Nine thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the Trustees under the Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, the said Trustees shall not be able to apply the fame in the manner hereinbefore directed and authorized, then and in such case the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to lay out the fame in Exchequer Bills, or any other Government Securities, and to keep the fame so invested in Exchequer Bills or Government Securities bearing Interest until the fame can be invested in the manner hereinbefore directed and authorized, and in the mean time to pay and apply the Interest arising therefrom in such manner as they in their Discretion shall judge most for the Benefit and Improvement of the Estates to be purchased as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Person for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, if such Person shall be of full Age, and if such Person shall be under the age of Twenty one Years, then to and for his Guardian or Guardians during his Minority, to fell and cut down or cause to be felled and cut down from off the Lands to be purchased as aforesaid, such Timber or Timber-like trees, except Timber or Timber-like Trees serving for Purposes of Ornament or Shelter, as shall from time to time be wanting for the new building, repairing or amending the Mansion House, Messuages, Mill, Buildings, Out Houses and other Erections, which shall from time to time be (landing and being upon the said Lands, or any Part thereof, and for making and repairing the necessary Palings, Gates, Fences, Sluices, Hatches and Bridges thereof, and to cause the said Timber and Timber-like Trees, which shall be so felled and cut down, to be applied in and about such new Buildings, Reparations and Amendments, so that the Estate to be purchased as aforesaid may at all times be supported and kept in a proper State.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the time being, with the Consent and Approbation of the Person for the time being entitled in Possession to tht Rents and Profits of the Freehold and Copyhold Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, to be purchased as aforesaid (such Consent and Approbation to be testified by Writing under his Hand and Seal, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses), to receive any Copyhold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments contiguous to or desirable to be held with the Bulk of the Estate to be purchased as aforesaid, in Exchange for such of the Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, as by virtue of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and of this Act, will become subject to the Powers of Sale and Exchange contained in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid; and also upon any Exchange which shall be made in pursuance of the said Powers to receive any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Equality of Exchange, and upon the Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money to arise from any Sale or Exchange to be made in pursuance of the said Powers, to sign and give Receipts in Writing for the fame, which Receipts shall be effectual Discharges to the Persons paying tht fame, for the Money therein mentioned and acknowledged to be received, and shall exonerate them from all Obligation of seeing to the Application, and all Liability for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the time being, with such Consent and Approbation, and so testified as hereinbefore is mentioned, to lay out and invest any Part of the Monies which shall arise from any such Sales or Exchanges as aforesaid, in the Purchase of any such Copyhold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as hereinbefore is mentioned, and the Copyhold Lands, Tenements and Hereditament^ Vfbich shall be received in Exchange or purchased in pursuance of this Clause, shall immediately upon such Exchange or Purchase be settled and assured to the fame Ufee, upon the fame Trusts, and subject to the fame Powers and Restrictions, to, upon and subject to which the Hereditaments, which maH hire been disposed of by way of Sale or in Exchange, would under and by virtue of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, and this Act, have stood limited and settled if the fame had not been fold or exchanged.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Fee Farm Rents, Water Rents and other Rents, and also all Fines and Fees which shall from time to time be payable in respect of the Copyhold Hereditaments which shall be purchased or received in Exchange in pursuance of this Act, shall be payable out of the Annual Rents and Profits of the Estates to be purchased as aforesaid; and that if the Penon for the time being entitled to the said Rents and Profits shall not pay and discharge the said Fines and Fees, and also such Fee Farm Rents, Water Rents and other Rents, as and when the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the time being to enter into and upon the said Estates, and to receive a competent Part of the Rents and Profits thereof, and apply the fame in Discharge of the said Rents, Fines and Fees accordingly.

A.D. 1815, 55° GEORGII III.

0.97, 98. 273

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to grant to the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh a fixed Salary in place of their present Salary and certain Fees and Payments.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 36 G. 3. c. 47. intituled An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money and other Fees of Court to the Judge

of the Court of Admiralty, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh; for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof; and for regulating the Appointment of the said Judges; by which it is enacted,S

that in lieu of Sentence Money therefore in use, as well as for the better Provision of the said Judges of the '

Commissary Court of Edinburgh, they should be entitled to and receive the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling each of Salary, .payable in the fame Form and upon the fame Establishment as the Salaries of the

Court of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer, are paid in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And

' Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 46 C. 3. c. 49.

for encreasing the Salaries of the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the

Commissary Court of Edinburgh* it is enacted, that in Addition to the Salary then paid to each of the §lm

Judges of the said Commissary Coi*rt in Edinburgh there should be paid and payable to each of them, and

each of their Successors.in Office, the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds yearly, in the fame Forn* and

upon the fame Establishments a« tl^-Salaries granted by the said recited Act are therein made payable.:

And Whereas the Judges of the said Commissary Court are further entitled to and at present receive certain Fees and Payments, and it is expedient to make a more suitable Provision for the said Judges f May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty Judges of Corn-fourth Day of June in this present Year, there shall be paid to each of the said Judges of the said Commissary missary Court to Court (and each of their Successors in Office), in lieu of the Salary and of all Fees and Payments to which rece, ve 6oci.a each or any of them is now entitled, the Sum of Six hundred Pounds Sterling yearly 5 which Sum shall Year eacil' be paid and payable to each of the said Judges, and to each of their Successors in Office, in the fame Form and upon the fame Establishment as the said Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer are paid in Scotland, without being subject to Fees or other Deduction whatsoever.

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June % no Payment of Bishops* Rents Bishops' Rents in Scotland shall be made to any of the Judges of the said Commissary Court; and from and not paid, after the same Period all Fees or Dues paid or payable to the said Judges for or in respect of Confirmations of Judges Fees to Testaments, Testamentary or Dative, and all other Fees or Dues of every Kind or Description paid or cease* payable to the said Judges, or any of them, shall cease and determine and be abolished: Provided always, proviso for Fee* that such Confirmations shall in all other respectS' be granted as at present; and that all Fees or Dues which of Clerk of Are now chargeable or payable and belonging by Law to the Clerk or other Officers of the said Com- Commissary piissary Court of Edinburgh, shall continue to be payable to the said Clerk or other Officers as at present, Courti j^til the same shall be altered or otherwise regulated according to Law*

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to enable the Sele& Committee on the Downpatrick Election to re-assemble, and to suspend the Transmission of the-Warrants and other Proceedings for the Appointment of Commissioners to*examine Witnesses in Ireland.

[14th June i8i£*3

WHEREAS a Petition was presented in the present Session of Parliament by Edward South wAi I W'Rutbycn Esquire, a Candidate at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for tbfc y Borough of Downpatrick, in the County of Down, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland % I? comphuni^ of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Downpatrick: And Whereas a SeWt

Committee was appointed for trying and determining the Merits of the said Petition in manner directed Mf

several Acts passed for regulating the Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve m 4 Parliament 2 And Whereas it was reported from the said Sele& Committee that the Parties before the said I Committee, had applied for a Commission under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty second Yefcr /of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of £ Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland; and that it appeared to the said Committee, from the nature, of the case and the Number of Witnesses to be examined relative to the Allegations in the fidd Petition, ' that the fame could not be effectually enquired into before the said Committee without gittut

Expence and Inconvenience to the Parties 5 and that the said Committee had therefore thought it needs-^fary to order; and had accordingly made an Order for the Nomination and Appointment of Commissionem

to examine Evidence in Ireland respecting all Matters and Things referred to the said Committee; and that Commissioners had accordingly been appointed, and a Warrant issued by the Chairman of the said Committee for the Meeting of the said Commissioners: And Whereas in pursuance of the said Report, and of Leave requested by the said Committee for that Purpose, the said Select Committee had Leave to adjourn until such time as the Speaker of the House of Commons should by his Warrant diredfc the said Committee to 4 re-assemble: And Whereas the said Commiteee hath therefore adjourned; and the said Edward Southwell

55 Geo. III..N a*Ruthven

1 ut

4^G. > c*xo6.

' ,; , I

' 'I

2 74

Warrant issued by Chairman of Select Committee to examine Witnesses in Ireland void. Select Committee to meet and proceed on Petition of E.S. Ruthven.

Ante, c. 19.

Mi Idlers tak'ng out licence between March 25. and Sep. 29. 18x5, to pay Dufy.

4J G. 3. c. 53.

What deemed

Calendar

Month.

Maltsters taking out Licence ta be in force between Sept. 29. 1815, and Jan. 5. 1816, to pay Duty.

45 G.3« c. 53.

Whit deemed

Calendar

Month?.

0«9&>99* 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 18i*

Ruthven has since the said Adjournment presented another Petition, dating that he was not now desirous of

prosecuting his fird Petition complaining of an undue Return for the said Borough of Downpatrich, and with

Consent of the Sitting Member prayed that the House of Commons would permit all futher Proceedings upon the said Petition to be discontinued: And Whereas the Warrant idued for the assembling the Coir.missioners in Ireland hath, not yet been transmitted, and it i9 expedient to prevent unnecessary Expence and Trouble to

the Public and the Parties concerned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Warrant so idued by the Chairman of the said Select Committee shall not be sent to Ireland, but shall remain in the Hands of the Chairman of the said Select Committee, and no further Proceedings shall be had thereon, but the same shall be considered to be void and of no Effect, in like manner in every respect as if the fame had not been idued 5 any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the passing of this Act the Speaker of the House of Commons shall issue his Warrant, signed by him, and shall cause the Tame to be inserted in the London Gazette, directing the said Select Committee, upon the said Petition of the said Edward Southwell Ruthven complaining of such undue Election and Return, to re-assemble and meet again within the Space of Seven Days finom the Date of such Warrant, and the said Select Committee shall thereupon re-ademble and meet again 5 and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Select Committee when so re-adembled and met to proceed and aft in relation to the said Petition of the said Edward Southwell Ruthven complaining of the said undue Election and Return, in like manner in every respect as if no such Warrant as aforesaid had been idued by the Chairman of the said Select Committee as aforesaid had taken place; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to make further Premiums for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Malt made in

Ireland.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS in consequence and by reason of the Alteration which has been made in respect of the Duration of Licences to Maltsters or Makers of Malt, by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences; and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland; it is expedient to provide for regulating, in manner herein after mentioned, the charging of every Maltster or*Maker of Malt in Ireland, who shall have taken out or shall take out a Licence to make Malt after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall have taken out or shall take out a Licence to make Malt after the said Twenty fifth Day of March and before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall, between the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand, eight hundred and sixteen, be charged and pay Duty of Excise for each and every Calendar Month while the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be chargeable as working during such Period, for not less than Ten Barrels of Malt for every One hundred Feet Square of Working or Drying Floor or Floors which shall be contained in each Malthouse in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be licensed to make Malt, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet, and also for as much more Malt as could be produced from any Corn or Grain actually wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt within every such Period of One Calendar Month, after the Rates and under the Rules and Regulations expressed, mentioned and contained in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Collect ion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster; or any Act or Acts for amending the same, in force at the time of the passing of this Act s Provided always, that the Period between the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be deemed a Calendar Month within the Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall take out any Licence to make Malt, to be in force between the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight Hundred and fifteen and the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be charged with and pay Duty of Excise for each and every Calendar Month within such Period, for not less than Ter Barrels of Malt for every One hundred Feet Square of Working or Diying Floor or Floors which shall be contained in each Malthouse in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be so licensed to make Malt, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet, and also for as much more Malt as could be produced from any Corn or Grain actually wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt within every such Period of One Calendar Month, after the Rates and under the Regulations expressed, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or any Act or Acts in force for amending the same; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Period between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of October shall be deemed a Calendar Month within the

Meaning

55

GEORGII III.

C. 99. 275

Notice of Dtf-continuauce, & c.

After Jan. 5. 1816, instead

Meaning of this Act, and the Period between the Twenty fifth Day of November and the Fifth Day of January shall be also deemed a Calendar Month within the Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every Notice which shall be given by any Maltster or Maker of Notices of work-Malt, for commencing or recommencing to work at any time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand ing after Jan. 5. eight hundred and sixteen, no other Day shall be mentioned than the Sixth Day of some Month in the Year; 1816»to only and that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall commence or recommence working, except on such Sixth Day of Month*nd any Month respectively; and that every Malthouse shall be presumed to be kept regularly at work from the >jot*, ce for dif-Day mentioned in any Notice so to be given by any Maltster or Maker of Malt for the commencing or continuing Fifth recommencing to work, until such working shall be duly discontinued according to Law, and that the Day Hay of the mentioned in any Notice for so discontinuing or ceasing to work, shall be the Fifth Day of some Month in Mou: h*

the Year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the time specified in any such Notice of Discontinuance, it shall Malthouse and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise in charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Searched, and he is hereby required to go to the said Malthouse, and there to search and fee whether the working of such Malthouse is discontinued in pursuance of such Notice; and if such Officer shall be prevented from so Obstruction, or doing by any Person at such Malthouse, or in consequence of the Malthouse being locked, and no Person finding Malt in appearing to give Entrance to such Officer, or otherwise, or if at any Time after the Day mentioned in such Process dlLr, nS Notice of Discontinuance, and before the Day mentioned in any Notice for recommencing to work, any Corn or Grain shall be found wetted or steeped in such Malthouse, or in the Process of being made into Malt,

(except under the Proviso herein after mentioned) such Maltster shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, Penalty, and shall be charged with and pay Duty as if he had not given any Notice of Discontinuance; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and he is hereby authorized and required to make a Return within Ten Days after Default or Discovery as aforesaid, to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District of the Duties chargeable on such Quantities of Malt as such Maltster or Maker of Malt would have been chargeable with if such Notice of Discontinuance had not been given; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, within Ten Days after such Return shall have been made, pay the Amount of the Duties so charged and returned, or in Default of Payment within such time every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twetity Pounds, together with Double the Amount of such Penalty. Duties.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in lieu and instead of the monthly and yearly charges on Maltsters and Makers of Malt in Ireland, under any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, every such Maltster of m°nthly or Maker of Malt shall be charged according to the Proportions herein after mentioned and expressed; that is char?e*mad", y to say, every Maltster or Maker of Malt in Ireland shall, between the Fifth Day of January One thousand iarse ma eight hundred and sixteen and the Fifth Day of January following, and so in like manner between the Fifth

Day of January in every succeeding Year, and the Fifth Day of January following, during the Continuance of the Licence of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, be charged with and pay Duty of Excise for a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Eighty Barrels of Malt for every One hundred Feet Square of Working or Drying Floor or Floors, which shall be contained in each Malthouse in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be licensed to make Malt, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet, and also for as much more Malt as such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall actually make within the said Period.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Charge of such yearly Duty of Eighty Barrels shall be made in Manner of manner following; that is to say, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged for not less than makin?

Eight Calendar Months in every Year, and for every such Calendar Month such Maltster or Maker of Malt Clurge* shall be charged with and pay Duty for Ten Barrels of Malt for every One hundred Feet Square of such Working or Drying Floor or Floors, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet; and

*very Maltster or Maker of Malt shall over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be also charged with

nd pay Duty for as much more Malt as could be produced after the Rates mentioned and prescribed in the said recited Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the CoU 45 O. j. c. 53.

ledion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster y or any Act or Acts in force for amending the same, from any Corn or Grain actually wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt within every such Period of One Calendar Month; and the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse of every Surveyor!, kc.

such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, within Ten Days after the Expiration of every such Calendar Monta to make He-

while such Malthouse shall be chargeable as working, make a Return of such Quantities respectively as afore- turns*

laid, and of the Duties thereon, and such Return shall be a Charge upon every such Maltster or Maker of

Malt who shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, and

subject to such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Malt made in Ireland', as if the said Rules,

Regulations, Directions, Fines and Penalties were herein enacted and applied hereby to the said Duty, and the Payment thereof in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same are by the said Acts or any of them applied to the Duties and the Payment thereof in the said Acts mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of Malt charged upon any Maltster or Maker Su*mit7^of Malt in any one Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, shall not amount to the full Quantity of Malt

after the Rate of Eighty Barrels aforesaid, for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is chargeable with Miitfter Duty within any Year according to the Rates aforesaid, the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of the Malthouse chargeable, of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, within Twenty Days after such Fifth Day of January, make Officer to make , =a Return to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Malt- Return to CcA-


276 C. 99»IO°*

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

lector, by which Charge made.

[Penalty.]

In cases of Grain in Procefe of Malting, on Notice given for discontinuing to work, 16 Days allowed to corn* plete Proccft.

Power of Abatement of Quantity of Malt for which Maltster is chargeable.

45 G-3- '-Si-i 3°-

Increased Quantity beyond stock Account forfeited.

[Penalty.]

Duty how paid.

45 G. g. c. 53.

house shall be situate, of such Quantity of Malt and of the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprised in former Returns of Malt against such Maltster or Maker of Malt in the Year ending on such Fifth Day of January, shall amount to the full Quantity of Malt, for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is made chargeable with Duty according to the Rates aforesaid, and such Return shall be a Charge on such MaTtfter or Maker of Malt, who shall pay the Duties appearing by such Return to have been incurred and become due within One Month after such Return shall have been made, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Duties which shall be so returned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall on the Fifth Day of January in any Year, or on the Day mentioned in any Notice for discontinuing to work in manner aforesaid, have any Corn or Grain on any Floor or Floors in the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, in Process of Malting or being made into Malt, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltster or Maker of Malt to proceed in completing the Process of making such Corn or Grain into Malt, until such Malt is dried off; provided always, that such Process shall be completed within Sixteen Days after the said Fifth Day of Januaryf or after the Day mentioned in any such Notice for discontinuing working, a6 the case may be; and that no such Corn or Grain shall be or shall have been wetted on or after the Third Day of January, or on or after the Third Day of any Month in which any such Notice of discontinuing therein shall have been given; and that such Maltster, or Maker of Malt shall be subject and liable to all other Regulations in this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland contained, with respect to such Malt, save and except that the Duty payable upon the same shall be charged and included in the Return to be made for the Month ending the Fifth Day of the Month in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall discontinue working.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, 'to reduce or abate the Quantity of Malt, for which any Maltster or Maker of Malt is under this Act chargeable with Duty, during the Continuance of his Licence in any Year, on such Occasions and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Commissioners of Excise or any Number of them are empowered to reduce or abate any Charge under the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, any yearly or other Charge or Matter in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that if any Abatement shall be fought for in consequence or by reason of a Part of the Year commencing the Fifth Day of January in any Year having elapled before the taking out of such Licence, no Abatement shall on such Account be made unless such Licence shall have been*taken out after the Twenty fifth Day of February in such Year.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Quantity of Malt shall be found in the Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt at any time after such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have given any Notice to discontinue working, greater than the Quantity which by the Stock Account of any Officer of Excise ought to be in the Possession of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, all such increased Quantity shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Maltster in whose Possession the lame shall be found shall forfeit for every Barrel thereof the Sum of Forty Shillings British Currency.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Charge by this Act directed to be made against any Maltster or Maker of Malt, and the Duty in respect thereof, shall be made and returned by the Officer, and the said Duty shall be paid by the Maltster or Maker of Malt in such manner and under and subject to such Roles, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, as are contained in the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for the Colie Sion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Collection of the Malt Duties, so far as the same are consistent and compatible with each other, save and except such Rules and Regulations as are expressly altered by this Act; and that all such Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, so far as the same are compatible and consistent with each other, and (except as aforesaid) shall be applied in the charging, levying, collecting and recovering all such Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpoks as if the said Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. C.

Ante, c.?8.

I {Tiling Bills, Sec. post dated, or without mentioning Place where drawn, without Stamps, &c.

Penalty. Receiving Bills, &c.

An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties payable on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Receipts and Game Certificates, in Ireland.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS it i9 expedient to make permanent Regulations, for the better Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Receipts and Game Certificates in Ireland ft Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afletn-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Person or Persons in Ireland shall issue, or cause to be issued any Bill, Draft or Order, for the Payment of Money to Bearer on Demand, drawn upon or made payable by any Banker or Bankers, which shall be dated on any Day subsequent to the Day on which it shall be issued, or which shall not truly specify and express the Place where it shall be issued, or wrhich shall not, according to the true Intent and Meaning of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the issuing such Bill, Draft or Order, be exempt from the Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Drafts or Orders, for Payment of Money, unless such Bill, Draft or Order, shall be duly {lamped as a Bill of Exchange, according to the Law in force when the same shall be issued, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall knowingly receive or take any such Bill, Draft or Order, in Payment of or as a Security

for

A.D. 18155° GEORGII III. C. 10o# ^77

for the Sum therein mentioned, the Person so receiving or taking such Bill, Draft or Order, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Banker or Bankers, upon or by whom any Penalty.

such Bill, Draft or Order, shall be drawn or made payable, shall pay or cause or permit to be paid the Sum Bankers

of Money therein expressed, or any Part thereof, knowing the same to be so post dated, or knowing that the paying feme.

Place where it was iffqed is not truly specified and set forth therein, such Bill, Draft or Order, not being

llamped according to Law as a Bill of Exchange, then the Banker or Bankers so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and moreover shall not be allowed the Money so paid Penalty.

or any Part thereof in Account against the Person or Persons by or for whom such Bill, Draft or Order shall be so drawn, or against the Executors or Administrators, Assignees or Creditors of such Person, or against any other Person or Persons claiming under the Person or Persons by or for whom such Draft or Order shall have been so drawn.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of any Bank Post Bill shall be written on and across the Acceptances of Face of such Bank Post Bill and the original Words or Figures thereof, and no Bank Post Bill shall under Ba"kBoft B, l, s* any Pretence be re-issued.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the Bankers (kail

Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or Person or Persons in at

Ireland (except the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland), at any time between the Twenty fifth tamp

Day of March in any Year, and the Twenty fifth Day of March following, to issue any Promissory Note for Money payable to Bearer on Demand, which shall by Law be liable to a Stamp Duty, and allowed to be re-issued in manner herein after mentioned, unless an Entry and Registry of the Firm of the Bank or Banks to which such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, do or shall respectively belong, and of the Name or Names of all the Partners in such Bank or Banks shall be previously made and entered for such Year, by or on behalf of such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose at the Stamp Office in Dublin, by some Person appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps; and livery such Entry or Registry shall specify every Town and Place where any such Promissory Notes shall be issued or made payable by any such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons, or by any Agent or Agents, for or on account of any such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons $ and all Persons so reriftered as Bankers shall, to all Intents and Purposes for such Year, be considered as Bankers within the Meaning of any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland respecting Bankers, unless the contrary shall be expressly declared in such Act or Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Entry and Registry of such Firm shall be made at the Certificate

Stamp Office in manner aforesaid* at any time between the Twenty fifth Day of March in any Year and the Annual Registry Twenty fifth Day of March following, a Certificate of such Entry and Registry shall be granted by the said 011

Commissioners of Stamps, or by some Person deputed and authorized by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to the Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons by whom or on whose behalf such Entry and Registry shall be made, and which Certificate shall be written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly stamped with the Stamp required for such Certificates, and a separate and distinct Certificate on a separate Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with a separate and distinct Stamp, shall be granted for and in respect of every Town and Place where any such Promissory Note shall be issued or made payable by any such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons, or by any Agent or Agents for or on account of such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons, save only and except that one Certificate shall be sufficient for all the Towns or Places where any such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons shall have established a Branch of his or their Bank, or shall have employed an Agent for the issuing of such Promissory Notes as aforesaid, at any time previously to the Commencement of this Act; and that every such Town or Place shall be notified to the Stamp Office, and be specified in the Certificate to be granted in pursuance of this Act; and that an Affidavit of the Fast shall be transmitted to the Stamp Office at the time of applying to make such Entry and Registry as aforesaid; and every such Certificate shall specify the proper Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode of the Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons so registered, and also the Name of the Town or Place,

Towns or Places where, and the Name of the Bank, Firm or Title under which such Notes are to be issued; and where any such Certificate shall be granted to Persons in Partnership, the same shall specify and set forth the Names and Places of Abode of all the Persons concerned in the Partnership, whether all their Names shall appear on the Promissory Notes to be issued by them or not, and in Default thereof such Certificate shall be absolutely void, and every such Certificate shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted, and shall have Effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the Twenty fifth Day of March following, both inclusive.

V. And be it further enacted, That if, after the Commencement of this Act, any Banker or Bankers, or Bankers iflVing Person or Persons in Ireland (except the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland), shall at any time re-issuable between the Twenty fifth Day of March in any Year and the Twenty fifth Day of March following, issue Nores, without any such Promissory Notes re-issuable as aforesaid without having made or caused to be made such Entry and luc Certl cate* Registry as aforesaid for such Year, and obtained a Certificate or Certificates thereof for such Year in manner

required by this Act; every such Banker or other Person shall, for every such Neglect or Offence, forfeit Penalty, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds British Currency.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Banker or Bankers who at Bankers licensed any time since the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, may have obtained under former any Licence or Licences for the issuing of such Notes in manner required by any Act or Acts in force in Laws may Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, to apply at the Stamp Office in Dublin at any time within^Ce^ificates68 One Calendar Month after the Commencement of this Act, and to make or cause to be made such Entry and un(str ^a.

Registry

C. 100.

55 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Registry and Certificate when made and obtained.

Promissory Notes re* issued.

Penalty. Promissory Notes re*issuable for limited Periods cancelled on Payment afterwards, and Notes, &c. not re-issuable cancelled on Payment.

Re-issuing, &c. Notes, Sec. contrary to Law, and not cancelling fame.

[Penalty.]

Post Bill, &c. re-issued contrary to act, further Duty.

- CI -

Notes re-issued contrary to Law.

[Penalty.]

Bank Notes, Scc, with Stamp of less Value than required, void.

Notes, &c. issued before Commencement of Act not re-iflu-able.

Registry there, and to obtain such Certificate or Certificates as are by this Act required; and upon the Production of such Licence or Licences duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the time of granting such Licence or Licences, and on Payment of the Difference, if any, between the Amount of the Stamp Duty on such Licence or Licences, and on the Certificate or Certificates required by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps or any Person authorized by them for that Purpose, to give to the Party or Parties so applying a Certificate or Certificates in lieu of such Licence or Licences, and such Certificate or Certificates shall be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen and no longer; and in such case such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons shall not be liable to any Penalty under this Act, for having issued any such Notes at any time within One Calendar Month after the Commencement of this Act.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons in Ireland, intending to issue any such re-issuable Promissory Notes within any Year beginning on the Twenty fifth Day of March, to apply at the Stamp Office in Dublin at any time within Ten Days previous to such Twenty fifth Day of March, for the Purpose of making such Registry and Entry, and obtaining such Certificate or Certificates as is and are required by this Act for One Year commencing on such Twenty fifth Day of March; and in such case the Certificate or Certificates of such Entry and Registry shall be in force for One Year from such Twenty fifth Day of March, and no longer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such registered Banker or Bankers in Ireland, or other Person or Persons who shall have made and issued any Promissory Notes or Note for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand of any Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds each, duly stamped according to any Act or Acts in force at the time of issuing thereof, from time to time after the Payment thereof, and within the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, to re-issue any such Promissory Notes or Note, without being liable to pay a further Duty in respect thereof; and it shall not be lawful for any such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, to re-issue any Promissory Note, Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order for the Payment of Money whatsoever, save as aforesaid; and if any Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act ifiiie or cause to be issued for the first time any Promissory Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, bearing Date subsequent to the Day when the same shall be actually issued, such Banker or Bankers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes so allowed to be re-issued for the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, shall upon the Payment thereof, at any time after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof; and all Post Bills, Promissory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for Money not allowed to be re-issued, shall, upon any Payment thereof respectively, be deemed and taken to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated and Satisfied, and shall be no longer negotiable or available in any manner whatsoever, but shall be forthwith cancelled by the Person or Persons so paying the fame 5 and if any Person or Persons shall re-issue or cause or permit to be re-issued, any Promissory Note so allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, at any time after the Expiration of the Term or Period allowed for that Purpose; or if any Person or Persons mail re-issue, or cause or permit to be re-issued any Post Bill, or any Promissory Note, Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order for Money not allowed to be re-issued at any time after the Payment thereof; or if any Person or Persons paying or causing to be paid any such Post Bill, Note, Bill, Draft or Order as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to cancel the fame according to the Directions of this Act; then and in any of the said cases the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 and in case any such Post Bill, Note, Bill, Draft or Order shall be re-issued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons re-issuing the fame, or causing or permitting the same to be re-issued, shall also be answerable and accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for a further Duty in respect of every such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, of such and the fame Amount as would have been chargeable thereon in case the fame had been then issued for the first time, and so from time to time as often as the same shall be so re-issued; which further Duty shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly, as a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by a fqmmary Application to the Court of Exchequer, in the same manner as any unpaid Stamp Duty may be sued for and recovered under any Ad or Act from time to time in force in Ireland; and if any Person or Persons shall receive or take any such Post Bill, Note, Bill, Draft or Order in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein expressed, knowing the same to have been re-issued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Foreign or Inland Bills of Exchange, and Promissory or other Notes, Drafts or Orders, drawn on or made payable by any Banker or Bankers in Ireland, being written or printed, or partly written and partly printed on any Paper stamped with a Stamp of less Amount than the fame ought to be according to Law, which shall bear Date or which shall be issued in Ireland at any time after the Commencement of this Act, or which shall bear Date at any time before the Commencement of this Act, but which shall not have been actually issued before the Commencement of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, and shall not be issued or issuable, or negotiable or transferrable, to any Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and that no such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, which shall bear Date at any time before the Commencement of this Act, and which shall have been actually issued before the Commencement of this Act, shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act be re-issued or re-issuable, nor shall be negotiated or transferred, or negotiable or transferrable by or on behalf of the Banker or Bankers who originally issued the fame, or by or on behalf of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time after such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, shall come or

15 shall

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 100.

shall have come into the Hands, Custody or Possession of such Banker or Bankers, after the Commencement of this Act.

XI. And be it farther enacted, That no Receipt shall be received in Evidence as a Discharge, or as any Proof of the Payment of any Sum not actually expressed and specified therein, unless such Receipt shall have the proper Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demands.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties which shall at any time be charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Drafts, Orders or Receipts, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be paid by the Person or Persons giving the fame respectively: Provided always, that if any Person shall, on paying any Sum of Money, demand a Receipt in full of all Demands, the Person so requiring the same shall be liable to pay to the Person giving the fame, the Difference (if any) between the Duty payable in respect of the Sum so then paid, and a Receipt in full of all Demands; provided also, that every Receipt or other Discharge given by any Officer of the Revenue on Payment of Money for or on account of any Duty on Dwelling Houses in respect of Hearths or Windows, or on Coaches and other Carriages, or on Horses or on Male Servants, shall be written or printed, or written and printed, on the proper Receipt Stamp, according to the Amount of the Sum to be paid, and that the Duty on every such Receipt shall be paid by the Person to whom such Receipt shall be given by the Officers of the Revenue.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall have Occasion to pay any Sum of Money to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether for himself, herself or themselves, or for any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, to bring and tender as Part of the Sum so to be paid, a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, of sufficient Size and duly damped with the proper Stamp, denoting the Duty payable on a Receipt for such Sum, and to require a Receipt thereon, or on some other Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly stamped, and thereupon the said Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper so tendered, shall be received in the Payment of such Sum as if the fame were lawful Money, to the Amount of such Duty, and the same shall be a good Tender to that Amount.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person receiving Payment in Ireland either by Money or by any Bill or Bills, Draft or Drafts, Cheque or Cheques, Note or Notes, or other Security or Securities for Money, who shall, upon Demand, refuse to give a Receipt for the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, write, sign or HTue, or cause to be made, written, signed or issued, or shall accept or pay, or cause or permit to be accepted or paid, any Receipt, Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order, or Promissory Note, for the Payment of Money which shall be then by Law liable to any Stamp Duty without the fame being duly stamped for denoting the Duty so charged thereon, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the whole Sum for which any Receipt shall be given in Ireland, shall be really expressed in such Receipt unless the same shall have a Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demands; and if any Person or Persons shall give or cause to be given in Ireland any Receipt or other Discharge in which a less Sum shall be expressed than the Sum actually received, with an Intent to evade any of the Duties which shall be then payable on such Receipt or Discharge, or shall divide or cause to be divided the Sum actually paid into divers Receipts, or shall by any general Acknowledgement or Use of the Words M settled" or "paid" or " by Cash" or "entered, " or by such like or any other Word, Letters or Marks intended to answer the Purposes of a Receipt, or to denote that the Money for such a Receipt ought to be given, has been paid, or shall by any other means endeavour to evade any of the Duties which shall be then payable on Receipts, or be guilty of or concerned in any Fraud or Contrivance whatever to evade any of the said Duties, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland in the Employment of another or others shall for the Use of his Employer or Employers, whether in the Name or Names of such Employer or Employers, or in his own or any other Name, give any Receipt or other Discharge in which a less Sum shall be expressed than the Sum actually received either in Cash or by any Cheque, Draft, Bill, Note or other Security for Money, with an Intent to evade any of the Stamp Duties which shall be then payable, or shall divide the Sum actually paid as aforesaid into divers Receipts, or shall by any general Acknowledgement or Use of the Words " settled" or " paid" or " entered" or " by Cash" or such like or any other Words, Letters or Marks intended to answer the Purposes of a Receipt, or to denote that the Money for which a Receipt ought to be given has been paid, or by any other means endeavour to evade any of the said Duties, or shall be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent Contrivance to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and such Act of such Person or Persons so offending shall, as to all Pecuniary Penalties to which such Matter shall be subject under this or any other Act of Parliament, be considered as the Act of the Person or Persons in whose Employment the Person so offending shall be; and the Clerk or other Person so committing any of the Offences hereinbefore mentioned, upon being convicted thereof, shall be deeemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be punished by Fine and Imprisonment and other Corporal Punishment, or any One or Two of the said Modes at the Discretion of the Court before whom he or she shall be tried.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That Separate and distinct Stamps and Marks shall be kept at the Stamp Office in Dublin for denoting the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable on any-

Bauk

279

Receipts not in full, Evidence only of Sums stated.

Duty on Notes end Receipts, l>y tv horn paid.

Receipt Stamps tendered as Part of Money paid.

Refusing to give Receipt.

[Penalty.]

Making, &c. Bills or Prom if. fory Notes not duly stamped.

Penalty. Receipts to specify Sum paid or stamped as Receipts in full

Penalty. Clerks sign ing Receipts undamped.

[Penalty.]

Misdemeanor.

Specific Stamp# for Bank and Bankers' Nete*.

Composition for Stamps on Notes of Bank of Ireland.

Cancelling Notes in Books of registered Bankers.

Regulations as to Duties on Game Certificates.

Certificate.

Fee,

Deputation of Game Keeper registered.

Mode of granting Certificate to Game Keeper.

C. 100. 5j° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Bank Notes or Bank Post Bills of the Bank of Ireland, or of any Private Bank or Banks or Banker or Bankers whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Bank Notes and Bank Poll Bills, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall be exempt from the Stamp Duties which may from time to time be charged thereon respectively (unless otherwise expressly provided in the Act or Acts charging the fame), from every Twenty fifth Day of March for One whole Year next following; provided the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall on the said Twenty fifth Day of March respectively have paid into His Majesty's Treal'ury in Ireland, such Sum of Money as shall have been from time to time agreed upon by and between the said Governor and Company, and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, as a Compensation for and to be in lieu of and in full Satisfaction for all Stamp Duties payable upon all Notes and Bills to be issued by the said Bank during the Year next ensuing respectively, and that any such Composition heretofore made shall be in force according to the Terms thereof, as if this Act had not patted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That although any Bank or Banker's Note or Notes shall be signed or otherwise executed by any Banker or Bankers duly registered in manner hereinbefore mentioned, or by his or their Servant or Servants, yet if the same shall remain in a Book and be Part of the Leaves, or any one Leaf thereof, and not cut or separated therefrom, then and in every such case if such Note or Notes remaining in such Book shall be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, or any Officer by them duly authorized, and they are hereby required to cancel the Stamps thereon respectively, and to mark or Stamp any Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be brought to the said Office by the Person or Persons so bringing such Note or Notes with any Marks or Stamps which he or they may require, on such Person or Persons paying the Difference or Price (if any) between the Stamps so cancelled, and the Stamps or Marks so required to be marked or stamped on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper so brought to the said Stamp Office.

XXI. And, for the better securing the Payment of Stamp Duties on Certificates with respect to the Killing of Game in Ireland, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Person in Ireland not acting as a Game Keeper under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly registered as herein after directed, who shall keep or use any Dog, or any Gun, Net or Engine for the Taking or Destruction of Game, shall previously deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person to the proper Officer at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, if such Person shall reside or have a Refi<Jence in the County or County of the City of Dublin, and if not, then to the Distributor of Stamps in whose DistridI such Person shall reside; and if such Person shall have more than One Residence, none of which shall be in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then to any Distributor of Stamps in whose DistridI any of such Residencies shall be, and shall annually take out a Certificate thereof from such Officer or Distributor respectively, which Certificate shall be in the Form here following, or in some other Form of Words to the fame EffedI respectively; that is to say, if such Certificate shall be taken out at the Stamp Office in Dublin, then the same shall be as follows, or to the fame EffedI 5

I A.B. being the proper Officer in that behalf, do hereby certify, That having a

c Residence at in the County of Dublin, (or, in the County of the City of Dublin, as the

case may be), is at Liberty to kill Game until the Twenty fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date

hereof. Dated this Day of in the Year

And if such Certificate shall be taken out in any other Part of Ireland, then the same shall be as follows, or to the fame EffedI 5

I A.B. Distributor of Stamps of the County or Counties of (or, for the

DistridI of as the case may be), do hereby certify, That having a Residence

4 at within the said County of (or, the said DistridI, as the case may bt),

is at Liberty to kill Game until the Twenty fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date hereof* Dated

this Day of in the Year

For which Certificate such Person shall pay a Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency, and no more, over and above the Price of the Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which the same shall be written, and of the legal Stamps thereon.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper granted to any Person by any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person having a Right to make such Deputation or Appointment in Ireland, shall be registered with the proper Officer at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, if the Manors, Lands or Tenements to or over which such Deputation or Appointment as defenbed in such Deputation shall extend, or any Part thereof, shall be situate in the County or County of the City of Dublin; and if no Part thereof shall be so situate, then with any Distributor of Stamps within whose DistridI any of the Manors, Lands or Tenements comprized in such Deputation or Appointment as described therein shall be situate.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Game Keeper to whom any such Deputation or Appointment shall be so granted, registering the fame in manner aforesaid, and producing annually a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped with the Duty which shall be then by Law required thereon, and also paying the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency to such Officer or Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid for his Trouble, and requiring a Certificate thereof, shall be thereupon entitled to such Certificate; and every such Officer or Distributor of Stamps shall thereupon issue a Certificate on such stamped Paper,

14 Vellum-

28i

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 100.

Vellum or Parchment, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to fey, If the feme shall be at the Stamp Office in Dublin,

I A.B. being the proper Officer in that behalf, do hereby certify, That of

A in the Parish of in the Barony of and County

(or, City, as the case may be), hath registered a Deputation, whereby he if appointed Game Keeper by

of the Lands and Tenements herein following; that is to say [here set out the Manors, t Lands or Tenements, as fated in the Deputation] and by virtue of this Certificate the said

is at Liberty to ad under such Deputation, until the Twenty fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date«hereof. Dated this Day of in the Year

And if the same shall be at the Office of any Distributor therein, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to fey,

I A.B. Distributor of Stamps for the County (or. Counties) of (or, for the District of

as the case may be), do hereby certify, That of

1 in the County of hath registered a Deputation, whereby he is appointed Game Keeper by

of the Lands and Tenements here following 5 that is to fey [here set out the Manors, Lands and Tenements, as fated in the Deputation^and by virtue of this Certificate the said

is at Liberty to ad under such Deputation, until the Twenty fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date

hereof. Dated this Day of in the Year /

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Distributor of Stamps or other Officer, after he shall have signed such Certificate, shall forthwith issue the fame duly stamped to the Person or Persons respectively requiring the fame in manner aforesaid, and shall previous to the Delivery thereof be entitled to demand and receive of and from such Person the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence as aforesaid, for his own Trouble in that behalfj and in case any such Distributor of Stamps or other Officer shall upon Payment or Tender to him of the said Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, and on Production of such Paper, Vellum or Parchment so stamped as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to issue to such Person as aforesaid so delivering such Paper or Account in Writing, or registering such Deputation as aforesaid, a Certificate in manner and Form as hereinbefore is directed 5 every such Distributor of Stamps or other Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and moreover be liable to pay to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duty payable on such Certificate.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate issued by any Distributor of Stamps or other Officer as aforesaid, shall bear Date on the Day of the Month and Year on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and remain in force from thence until the Twenty fifth Day of March next following the Date thereof, and no longer; and if any Distributor of Stamps or other Officer shall issue any Certificate to any Person otherwise than as hereinbefore directed, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall have, keep or use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher or other Dog, or any Gun, Net or other Engine for the Taking or Destruction of any Hare, Pheafent, Partridge, Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game, or Grouse commonly called Red Game, or any other Game whatsoever, without having a Certificate for the fame, or a Certificate of having registered a Deputation, whereby such Person is appointed a Game Keeper according to Law 5 every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have or obtain any Deputation or Appointment as a Game Keeper, or shall act as a Game Keeper without having such Certificate of the Registry thereof as aforesaid according to Law; every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty rounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Distributors of Stamps in Ireland shall on or before the Fifth Day of every Month transmit to the Commissioners of Stamps at their Office in Dublin, a correct Lift in Alphabetical Order of the Certificates by them respectively issued in the then last preceding Month, and shall keep in their respective Offices correct Copies of such Lifts; and in case any Distributor of Stamps shall neglect or refuse to make out and transmit any of such Lifts as aforesaid, or to keep a correct Copy thereof, or shall not insert in such Lifts a full, true and perfect account as hereinbefore directed of the Name of all the Persons the fame ought to contain $ then and in every such case every such Distributor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Lift, upon such Transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the Stamp Office in Dublin; and that the fame, and also the Copy thereof so kept by the Distributor fending the fame, shall and may, within the respective Office Hours, be resorted to and inspected by any Person whatever, on Payment of One Shilling and no more 5 and if such Distributor, on Demand duly made within Office Hours, and on Payment or Tender to him of the said Sum of One Shilling, shall refuse, decline, neglect or omit to produce such Copy so kept at the Office of such Distributor to the Person or Persons so demanding the fame, every such Distributor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to the Person or Persons so aggrieved, or any One or more of theip, who shall first sue for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, if it shall seem to them expedient so to do, and so often, and at such times in every Year as they shall think fit, shall and may publish the Lifts so transmitted to them, or cause the same to be inserted in the Newspapers circulating in each respective County, or in such Public Newspapers as to them shall seem most proper,

5J Geo. III. O o«XXXI. And

Certificate.

Distributor refuting to grant Certificate.

Foe.

[Penalty.]

Certificate! how long to continue in force.

[Penalty.]

Dogs, &c kept by Persons not certified.

[Penalty.]

Game Keeper not taking out Certificate. Penalty,

Distributors te make Returns of Certificate* granted.

Penslty.

Lift of Certificates at Stamp Office,

Fee.

Penalty,

Lift published.

2 % i C. 100, 101. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

New Deputation 011 Removal of Game Keeper.

[Proviso.]

Production of Certificate.

Refusal, See.

[Penalty.]

Certificate not a Qualification.

Onus probandi.

Commencement of AH.

XXXI. And Whereas such Deputation of a Game Keeper may be revoked or cease by Death, Resignation or Removal, before the Expiration of such Certificate, and the Person entitled thereon to make a 4 new Deputation may be unable to get Possession of such Certificate Be it therefore enacted, That if any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall make any new Deputation or Appointment within the Year, of a Game Keeper, for any Manor or Lands, in the room of the Person previously appointed, and to whom any Certificate as aforesaid shall have been previously issued, and such Person so newly appointed shall register such new Deputation or Appointment with the Distributor of Stamps in the fame District in which such former Certificate was granted, and obtain a new Certificate thereof, every former Certificate granted in the same Year, on a Deputation signed by the same Person, shall from thenceforth be null and void; and any Person acting under any such former Certificate, after the granting of such new and other Certificate, having Notice thereof, shall be liable to all Penalties which are or mall be prescribed by Law, in the same manner as if no Certificate had been granted to such Person: Provided always, that in every such case the Diilributor granting such further Certificate within the Year, shall write at the Foot thereof these Words; to wit, 44 Second" (Third, Fourth, and so on, as the case may be) 44 Certificate within this Year, " and shall subscribe such Memorandum with his Name; and that every such further Certificate so subscribed shall not require any Stamp, but shall be good and valid as if duly Ramped.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be found using any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine for the taking or Destruction of Game, it shall and may be lawful for the Occupier of the Land where he shall be so found, or for any Owner or Proprietor of or any Person or Persons having any Estate whatsoever in the fame Lands, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion or future Interest, or for any Person who hath obtained a Certificate in manner hereinbefore directed, and who shall produce the fame, to demand and require from the Person so using such Dog, Gun, Net or Engine as aforesaid, to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose as hereinbefore is directed 5 and every such Person shall upon such Demand and Requisition as aforesaid, produce such Certificate to the Person so demanding and requiring the fame, and shall permit the same to be inspected accordingly; and if any such Person shall wilfully refute to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose and then in force, or shall decline to produce or shew the fame, or shall refuse on being required so to do, to give and declare his Name and Surname and the Place of his Residence, or shall give or declare any false or fictitious Name, Surname or Place of Residence, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the Occupier of the Land where any Person shall be found who shall refuse to produce such Certificate, or who shall refuse to declare his Name and Surname and Place of Residence, or for any other Person or Persons present at the time of such Refusal, to apprehend the Person so refusing as aforesaid, and to convey him forthwith before any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Offence shall be committed, and such Justice shall proceed to the Coviftiou of such Offender for such Offence in like manner as if such Offender had been summoned to appear before such Justice -upon any Information or Complaint- for such Offence; ahy thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate hereby directed to be issued by any Distributor of Stamps or other Officer shall not authorize or enable any Person to use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher or other Dog, or any Gun, Net or other Engine, for the Taking or Destruction of Game, at any time or times, or in any Place or in any manner prohibited by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made, nor shall give to any Person any Right to use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel or other Dog, or any Gun, Net or other Engine for the Taking or Destruction of Game unless such Person shall be otherwise duly qualified by Law so to do, nor in any Place in which such Person would not otherwise have a Right to ule the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced against any Person, for keeping or using any Dog, Gun, Net or Engine, for the Taking or Destruction of Game, without having obtained a Certificate duly stamped in manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person has obtained such Certificate duly stamped shall lie on the Party against whom such Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced, and not on the Party complaining; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the several Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

CAP. Cl.

An Act to regulate the Collection of Stamp Duties on Matters in respect of which Licences may be granted by the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that permanent Regulations should be made for the better securing the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Matters in respect whereof Licences may be granted by the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Com*

ran I icences m'oners Stamps in Ireland to grant any Licence or Licences on which any Stamp Duty is imposed by subject to Stamp ^aw to an7 Person or Persons who shall require the fame in Writing, and shall be duly qualified for and entitled Duties, P to receive the same, and such Licence shall be granted without Fee or Reward on Payment of the Stamp Duty

3f due

Ante, c. 78.

Commissioners of Stamps may

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 10l. »8j

due thereon, and that in all such Licences shall be contained and set forth the Purpose of such Licence, the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Residence of the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted, the Date of issuing the fame, and the time for which the same shall be in force, in Manner and Form as may be from time to time directed by the said Commissioners of Stamps for that Purpose, and the House or Houses, Place or Places, in which the Business for which such Licence is granted, is to be carried on, so fan as the nature of the Business shall allow it to be confined to any Place or Places capable at the time of being specified or described.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to be granted by or under the Authority of the said Annual Co*. Commissioners of Stamps shall have Force from the Day of granting the fame, or from such Day subsequent tinuancn of thereto, as shall be mentioned in such Licence, unto and until the Twenty fifth Day of March next following Llcc, lccf* the Day on which the said Licence shall so begin to have Force, and no longer, except only in the cases herein after mentioned; but if any such Licence shall be granted to Two or more Persons, and any or either of them

shall die before such Twenty fifth Day of March next following, nevertheless such Licence shall continue in force for the Benefit of the Survivor or Survivors during the time aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons in Ireland shall use, exercise or follow any Unlicensed P«r-Trade, Business, Occupation or Calling, on the Licence for the using or exercising whereof a Licence shall Tons exercisin^ be granted by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of Stamps, without having previously taken out 7'rade.s

such Licence duly stamped, and in manner by Law directed, and that every Person offending herein shall, for licences, every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds 5 and that in any Proceeding for Recovery of common Re-the said Penalty, whether the same shall be by Bill, Plaint or Information, or by Civu Bill, or before a puution Evi-Magistrate, or at the Sessions, or on any Appeal, the common Reputation of the alleged Fa& of following dence of exer-such Trade, Business, Occupation or Calling, shall be sufficient Evidence of so following such Trade, Bufi- cifing Trade, ness. Occupation or Calling, against the Defendant, unless he or she shall swear that he or she, at the time in question, did not so follow the lame.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced Onus probandl against any Person for carrying on any Trade, Business, Profession or Calling, or doing any Matter or Thing,

without having a Licence for so doing, by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps, in manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person has obtained such Licence, duly stamped, shall be on the Party against whom such Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced, and not on the Party complaining; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence shall at any time be granted by or under the Authority Licences to ex* of the said Commissioners of Stamps to any Person or Persons to fell Stamps, or any other Matter or Thing, tend only to or to carry on any Trade, Business, Profession or Calling whatsoever, in any particular House or Districfc Housesmen-mentioned in such Licence, such Person or Persons shall not be thereby authorized or entitled to fell such t, oned* Stamps, or other Matter or Thing, or to carry on such Trade, Business, Profession or Calling in any other

House, Place or District, but shall as to every such other House, Place or District be considered as unlicensed, and subject to all Pains and Penalties as such, save as herein otherwise particularly provided.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Person who shall have obtained any such Licence, shall But on Removal be minded to remove from the Place mentioned in such Licence for carrying on such Business, and to carry on of Parties lithe fame in any other House in the fame City, Town or Townland, then and in every such case it shall and Jorfement made may be lawful to and for such Person to carry or fend such Licence to the said Commissioners, or any of them, ^Licence.

or to any Officer or Officers to be by them appointed for that Purpose, who shall endorse the fame on the said Licence, and thereupon and from thenceforth such Licence shall be good, valid and effectual, according to the Contents thereof and the said Indorsement, in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such House so indorsed had been mentioned in the Body of such Licence for carrying on such Business, instead and in the Place of the House originally inserted therein, and not otherwise 5 any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who is or shall be authorized or empowered to grant issuing Licences or issue any Licence on which a Stamp Duty is or shall be by Law imposed, shall grant or issue any such on unfttmped Licence on unstamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not stamped, with paPer*

the Stamp which is or shall be by Law required, or in any other Manner or Form than that which shall be required by Law, or directed by the said Commissioners every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds 5 and if Judgment shall be entered against any Person, on any In- penajt, formation for such Offence, such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled from being again appointed thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, CommiflJonerf in their Discretion, to grant a Licence under their Hands and Seals, to any Person or Persons whom they may license Per-shall think fit and proper for the Purpose (not being a Distributor of Stamps appointed by the said Com- fens to deal in missioners), to deal in and retail Stamps, which Licence shall be duly stamped: Provided always, that every Stamps.

Person requiring such Licence shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors with Two sufficient Sureties, which Bond the said Commissioners, or any of them, are hereby empowered to take for His Majesty's Use in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, conditioned that such Person shall not fell or offer to sale, or have or keep in his or her Possession any forged or counterfeit Stamp; and that such Person shall not purchase any Stamp or Stamps, save only at the Office of the said Commissioners in Dublin, or from forae Distributor of Stamps duly appointed by the said Commissioners: Provided also, that no such Licence shall be granted to any Person to deal in or to retail Stamps in any Town or Place in Ireland (except within the

0 o 2*District

384

Licences revoked.

Allowance for Stamps in Possessfion of Dealers dying or whose Licences revoked.

[Proviso.]

Persons (not being Distributors) felling Stamps without Licence.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners empowered to grant Warrant to search for forged Stamps.

Licences for Printing Prefles.

Penalty.

C. 101. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Distriel of Dublin Metropolis) where a Distributor of Stamps shall have been appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall reside and act as such Distributor.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, by Notice in Writing at any time, to revoke, annul and make void any such Licence, or any Licence for felling Stamps, or damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or any of them, heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall have had such Licence, shall at the time of his or her Death, or at the Expiration or Revocation of such Licence have in his, her or their Possession, any Quantity of such stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and he or she if living, or if dead, then his or her Executors or Administrator9, or next of Kin, or any of them, shall within One Calendar Month next following, fend the same to the Stamp Office in Dublin, the said Commissioners or such Officer as they shall appoint mall receive the same, and shall pay for the fame the full Value thereof, deducing thereout such per Centage, if any, as such Person shall have been allowed for such Stamps on purchaung the fame, and thereupon such Stamps shall be immediately cancelled: Provided always, that some Person or Persons who shall fend or carry such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the said Stamp Office, shall make an Affidavit before the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any of them, or before some Justice of the Peace, that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper was actually in the Possession of the Person or Persons so dying, or having had such Licence so expired or revoked for the Purpose of Sale at the time when such Person or Persons so died, or the said Licence expired or was revoked 5 and shall make Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamps, that such Stamps were purchased at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or fri>m a Distributor of Stamps by the Person or Persons who obtained such Licence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons other than such Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid, or a Sub Distributor of Stamps shall vend or sell in any Part of Ireland any Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped or marked with any Stamp or Mark denoting or purporting to denote the Stamp Duties which shall be then payable, without having obtained from the said Commissioners of Stamps a Licence for that Purpose which shall be subsisting in force and unrevoked at the time of such Vending or Selling; and if any Person or Persons other than such Distributor or Sub Distributor as aforesaid, shall without having obtained such Licence, or after the same shall have expired or been revoked as aforesaid, utter, vend or sell any such Parchment or Paper so damped or marked, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and if any Proceedings shall be bad for Recovery of such Penalty of Twenty Pounds, whether in any Court in Dublin, or by Civil Bill, or before a Magistrate, and it shall appear thereon that the Stamps impressed on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper so fold, or any of them, were or was false, forged or counterfeited, although the same shall not have been so alleged in the Information or Pleading, then and in such case the said Penalty shall be doubled, and Judgment shall be given against the Party offending for the Sum of Forty Pounds; and the said special Matter shall be Hated in such Judgment as the Cause of such Incraafe of Penalty; and if on any such Proceeding any issue shall be tried by a Jury in which the felling of such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with Stamps thereon shall be in question, such Jury shall be required to say'Svhether such Stamps, or any of them, was or were false, forged and counterfeited, or not: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Person felling any Vellum, Parchment or Paper with false, forged or counterfeited Stamps thereon, from the Consequences of felling the fame, knowing the same to be forged, if such Knowledge shall be duly proved in a Proceeding properly had for that Purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to authorize any Person or Persons, with the Afliilance of a Magistrate, or any Peace Officer in the Day time, to enter into the House or Habitation of any Person licensed to fell Stamps as aforesaid; and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof shall not be opened, then to break open the fame respectively, and to search for, inspect and examine all such Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, as shall be in the House wherein such Person shall dwell, in order to fee whether the Stamps thereon, or any of them, be forged; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer in the Day time, to enter into the House or Habitation of such Person or Persons so licensed to fell Stamps; and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then with the Assistance and in the Presence of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to break open the fame respectively; and in case the said Stamps, or any of them, shall appear to be counterfeited or forged, then and in that case to seize and carry away the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall keep any Printing Press, or Types for printing in Ireland, without having first taken out a Licence for that Purpose, from the said Commissioners of Stamps, and that the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, under their Hands and Seals, grant such Licence for keeping Printing Presses or Types to such Person or Persons as shall apply for the fame, and who shall have performed the Requilites which shall by any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland, be necessary to be preformed previous to the granting thereof, which Licence shall (late the House where such Press or Presses, or Types, are to be used; and every Person or Persons who shall keep or use such Press, or a Printing Press or Types for Printing, without having obtained such Licence, or in any other House save the House so mentioned in such Licence, shall forfeit such Printing Press and Types, and the Sum of Forty Pounds.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. ioi.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being shall, under their Hands and Seals, annually grant a Licence for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, and also for insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, and for effecting Insurances on Lives, or on Events or Contingencies upon or relating to Lives, to all and every Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons applying for the fame, which Licence shall set forth the Name or Names, or other Description of the Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons taking out the fame, and also the House or other Place where such Business of insuring from Loss by Fire, or from the Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, or of effecting Insurances on Lives, shall, at the time of taking out such Licence, be principally carried on.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where such Business of Insurance is or shall be carried on by a Company confiding of a greater Number than Four, the Licence so to be granted by the said Commissioners, in manner aforesaid, mall be granted for and on behalf of the whole Company or Partnership, to such Two or more of such Company or Partners, or if such Company or Partnership shall be a British Company or Partnership, then to such Agent or Agents resident in Ireland, as shall be named to the said Commissioners, under Authority from such Company or Partnership; and in every such case the Licence so granted, whether to such Partners or Agent or Agents, shall continue in force for the Benefit of such Company or Partnership, until the regular time of Expiration thereof, notwithstanding the Deaths of the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be so granted, or of either or any of them, if more than One, or although the said Persons or any of them may withdraw from such Partnership or from being Agent thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall at any time, either publicly or privately, insure or open or keep any Office in Ireland, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, or for, insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Danger of the Seas or other Peril at Sea, or for Insurances on Lives, or on Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, without having first taken out and continuing to take out annually a Licence for that Purpose from the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in manner aforesaid, and having such Licence in force at the time of making such Insurance, or opening or keeping such Office.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now do or hereafter shall insure, or set up or keep in Ireland any Office for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares or Merchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, or for insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Dangers of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, or for effecting Insurances on Lives, or on Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, without such Licence aforesaid, or in any other House or Place except the House or Place to be named in such Licence as aforesaid, or such other House or Houses, Place or Places as shall be subordinate to the House or Place so to be named in such Licence, and to be kept by some Person or Persons employed as Agent or Agents to such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons having such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or of any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Collection or regulating of Stamp Duties, shall forfeit for every Day on which such Offence shall be committed the Sum of Forty Pounds, and also Double the Amount of the Premiums or Premium of Insurance which such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons shall receive on any such Day in such House or Place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall act in Ireland as Agent or Agents for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in publicly or privately insuring or receiving Subscriptions for insuring or delivering out Policies or Receipts, for Insurance from Loss by Fire or from the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, or on Lives or on Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, except for such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as shall be duly licensed as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Insurances for insuring Houses, Furniture, Merchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, or from the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, or on Lives or on Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, which shall be made or effected by any Persons resident in Ireland, and appointed by the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance in London, or by the Corporation of London Assurance, or either of them, or by any Company in Great Britain for insuring Property, as the Agents of such Corporations or Companies respectively, shall be subject and liable only to the Duties which shall from time to time be payable on such Insurances in Ireland, and to no other Duties whatsoever$ although the Policies by which such Insurances shall be made shall be under the Common Seal of the said Corporations or Companies respectively, and although the same shall be completed in the whole or in Part previous to their being sent to such Agents in Ireland; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Insurances whatever for insuring Property from Loss by Fire, or from the Dangers of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, or on Lives or on Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, for which Subscriptions shall be received or Policies or Receipts shall be delivered out or respecting which any other Matter or Thing shall be done in Ireland, by any Person or Persons who shall act for or on behalf of any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, shall be liable to all Duties made payable in respect of the several Insurances under or by virtue of any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland; and that all and every Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, and every Person or Persons acting in Ireland for or on behalf of such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, who shall effect such Insurances, or cause the same to be effected, shall

st'»

285

licences for Insurances granted by Commissioners of Sumps.

Licences to Corporations or Partnerships for Insurances.

None but Li< censed Persons or Corporations to tike Insurances.

Miking Itt-iurance by Persons not licensed.

[Penalty.]

Agents ailing for unlicensed Persons.

Penalty. Insurances made in Ireland for British Companies liable only to lriih Duty,

Insurances made in Ireland liable to lriih Duty and Regulations.

286 C. 10l.

55 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

British Courts shall take Judicial Notice of Irish Insurance Stamps.

Bond by Persons licensed to in-

sure.

in respect of such Insurances be subject and liable to all such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things as are or shall be contained in any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland, relating to Insurances by any Person or Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or their Agents in Ireland.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Courts of Justice and Judges in Great Britain shall without Allegation or Proof in that behalf take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks and Stamps which shall from time to time be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for flamping or marking any such Insurance, or wherewith the fame may or ought to be stamped as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for the said Purpose, and that no such Insurance shall on any Pretence whatsoever be pleaded, or given, or received in Evidence in any Court in Great Britain, or admitted in any Court in Great Britain to be good or available in Law or Equity, unless the Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the same shall be so written or printed shall be duly damped accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall at the time of receiving such Licence give such Security with sufficient Sureties to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Stamps by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sums respectively as the said Commissioners may think reasonable, having respect to the probable Amount of the Duty payable by such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively for Half a Year, with Condition that if such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall faithfully make out, sign and deliver an Account of all Monies received for such Duties upon Insurances, and shall well and truly make Payment of all such Sums of Money as shall be due and payable thereon, in such manner as shall from time to time be required by Law, and also do and shall truly and faithfully observe and perform all the Directions, Matters and Things then by Law required on his, her or their behalf to he observed and performed, such Bond shall be void, but otherwise shall remain in full Force.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so to be licensed, who shall grant any Policy of Insurance for insuring Property from Loss by Fire, or from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, or on Lives, or on Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, or shall continue to insure on any Policy, shall, previous to the granting or continuing such Policy of Insurance fby themselves or by some other Person or Persons employed by or under them), demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons for or on behalf of whom such Insurance shall be so effected, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, the Duty which shall be then by Law payable on such Insurance, and shall give a Receipt for the Duty so paid, expressing the Period for which the fame was so paid, and such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so granting such Policy, shall in all cases be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for said Duty, as if the fame had actually been so received.

Ships insured for

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Policy of Insurance upon any Ship, or upon any Share or Twelve Months Interest therein, shall be made in Ireland for a certain Term longer than Twelve Calendar Months 5 and every

only. " 1 ? L a ll 1 -«Ctr l m n i« t ti i i.11 T 1 "rfc r

Duty demanded from Parties making Insurance.

Insurance Corporations, &c. to keep Accounts of Insurance.

Policy which shall be made expressly for any longer Term shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall have obtained a Licence for any Office of Insurance, or who shall receive or take any Premium for Insurance against Loss by Fire or the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, or on Lives or Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, shall from time to time keep true and faithful Accounts in Writing of the Number of every such Policy or Instrument of Insurance which shall be issued or granted or continued by such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons; as also of the Name or Names of the Person or Persons insuring, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, the Sum insured, and the time for which the same shall be so insured; and also the Day of the Month and Year in which every such Policy shall be issued upon Pain of forfeiting, for not keeping such Accounts, or for wilfully making any false Entry therein, or omitting therefrom any Entry which ought to be contained therein, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; which Accounts shall at all times be open for the Inspection of any Person or Persons duly authorized, under the Hands and Seals or under the Hand and Seal of One or more of the said Commissioners of Stamps, to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward 5 and if any Person who shall have any such Account in his or her Power or Custody shall not on demand produce the fame without Fee or Reward to any Person so authorized, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politic livered to Stamp or Corporate, who shall have any Licence for any Insurance Office in Ireland, shall from time to time, within Commissioners, the Space of Two Months after the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September, the

Twenty fifth Day of December and the Twenty fifth Day of March in each and every Year 5 and also at such other time and times, as they shall, by fourteen Days previous Notice in Writing, be required by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, deliver or cause to be delivered true Copies of the Accounts hereinbefore directed to be kept by such licensed Insurance Office or Offices, Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, for the Quarter which shall have been completed next before such Day of Delivery or Notice as the case shall be, and at the same time shall pay all such Sum and Sums as shall appear to be due on such Accounts, every such Delivery and Payment to be made as follows respectively; that is to say, if the House named in the Licence of such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so conducing the Business of such Insurance, shall be in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, then such Accounts shall be so delivered to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the same at the Stamp Office in Dublin^ and such Payment shall be made to the Receiver General of

Stamp

[Penalty.]

Penalty. Accounts de-

end Duty paid Quarterly

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII in C. 101. 287

Stamp Duties for the time being at the said Stamp Office 5 and if such House shall be in any other Part of Ireland\ then such Accounts shall be furnished, and such Payments be made to the Distributor or Distributors of the District in which such House shall be, or to the Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to aA as Distributor or Distributors for the said District, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Default in not delivering such Copies of the said Accounts as aforesaid, the Sum of Forty Pounds, and for every Default in not Penalty, paying the Money due on the said Accounts as aforesaid, double the Amount of all Monies due on the said Accounts respectively at the time of such Default.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Bodies Politic or Cor- Allowance of porate, so to be licensed as aforesaid respectively, shall be entitled to retain for their own Use, for their Care °ne Shilling in and Trouble in receiving the said Duties, and making out such Accounts as herein directed, after the Rate of the Pound for One Shilling in the Pound out of the Monies by them accounted for and paid to the Receiver General, or ccount*' Distributors, or Persons aAing as such respectively, according to the Directions herein contained.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, Instrument, Note or Memorandum, Letter, Mu- Policy of Ia-niment or Writing, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for making any valuable Compensation for, or furalKe de* on the Loss of any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Monies or Effects, or upon any Loss by Fire, or from any Loss fine<1* whatsoever from the Danger of the Sea, or other Perils at Sea, or on the Decease of any Person or Persons, or

t>n the Fall of any Life or Lives, or on any Event or Contingency relating to or depending on any Life or Lives, shall be construed, deemed and adjudged to be a Policy of Insurance within the Meaning of this Act, and of any A A of AAs from time to time in force in Ireland, for imposing any Duty on such Policies of Insurance, or by which any such Duty, or the Collection or Management thereof, shall or may be regulated, iwless the contrary shall be expressly provided.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, may under Licences to their Hands and Seals grant a Licence to any Person to enable him to aA as a Public Notary, and that no Notanes Public. Person shall aA as a Public Notary in Ireland without having obtained such Licence for that Purpose; and that

any such Person who shall aA as a Public Notary in Ireland, without having obtained such Licence, shall. Penalty, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; provided nevertheless, that such Licence shall not authorize or empower any Person to aA as such Public Notary who shall not be duly authorized and em-powed so to do.

XXX. And Whereas it may happen that Public Notaries who may note Bills of Exchange for Non-

payment or Nonacceptance, and Promissory Notes for Nonpayment, may neglect to protest the fame re-

speAively in due Form of Law, by which the Payment of the Duties upon such noting or Notarial AAs

1 may be evaded Be it enacted, That every Public Notary in Ireland {nail once in every Two Months de- Accounts deliver or cause to be delivered at the Stamp Office in Dubltny to the Commissioners of Stamps, or to some liv.!£ed to Person authorized by them or any-one of them for that Purpose, a faithful Account in Writing (verified SutypiS every upon Oath before the Commissioners of Stamps, if such Notary shall reside in the County of Dubltny or Two Months.*County of the City of Dubltny or before a Justice of the Peace if he shall reside in any other Part of Zre-land)y of all such Bills of Exchange and Notes which shall have been noted by such Notary for Nonacceptance or Nonpayment since the last preceding Account so delivered by the said Notary, or if no such Account shall have been so delivered by him, then since the obtaining of his Licence, and shall at the same time pay unto the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties the Duty which would then by Law be payable for or in respect of every such Bill of Exchange, or Note, if protected in due Form of Law 5 and in case any Public Notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the Duties aforesaid, every such Public Notary shall, for every such Neglect or Default, in delivering a true Account of such Noting, forfeit the Sum of, Five Penalty, hundred Pounds, and for every Default of Payment of the Money due on such Account Double the Amount of the Money due on such Account at the Time of such Default.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of an

AA made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several 5a G. 3, c. 87. Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant nenv Duties tn lieu thereof; and for transferring the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the Commissioners of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, as relates to the said Duties on Playing Cards Sch. (B.) in part and Dice, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, except only so far as relates to any Licences which may repealed, have been granted, or to any Penalties which may have been incurred under the said recited Act at any time txceI*, on-before the Commencement of this A A; and that, from and after the Commencement of this A A, it mall be Dice and Card lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, under their Hands and Seals, to grant Licences to such Person or Makers licensed. Persons as they shall think proper, for the making of Dice, or of Playing, Blank and Message Cards, for any Term not exceeding Three Years from the time of granting such Licences 5 and if any Person or Persons shall Carrying on exercise or carry on the Trade or Employment of making any Dice, or any Playing, Blank or Message Cards, Trade without without such Licence or Licences first had and obtained, and then in force, the Person or Persons so offending L, cence*

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such Dice and Cards, p«naky. and all such Materials and Implements used in the making of Dice or Cards, as shall be found in his, her or their Possession; all which Dice, Cards, Materials and Implements shall and may be seized, carried away and lodged in such Place as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamps for that Purpose, by any Distributor of Stamps or other Person duly authorized thereto, under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be so licensed unless he, she or they shall with No Dice or One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties have executed a Bond to His Majesty, in the penal Sum of Two Cwd Maker

' J / hundred bcensed without

288

entering into Bond.

Licence revoked on Default.

Card Makers to take following

Oath.

Concealment or undue Entry. Penalty.

Dice or Cards made only in Dublin, Cork and Limerick.

[Penalty.]

Stamp Mailers for Cards and Dice appointed in Dublin, Cork and Limerick.

Commissioners to appoint what Marks, &c. impressed on Dice, and used on Wrappers of each Pack cf Cards.

[Proviso.]

Stamps on Cards and Dice to continue till changed by Commissioners

Pro viin.

C. 101. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

hundred Pounds, conditioned that the Person or Persons so licensed, their Executors or Administrators, shall answer and pay to His Majesty all such Duties as such Person or Persons shall be liable to on account of making any Dice, or any Playing, Blank or Message Cards, as the case may be, during the time such Person or Persons shall carry on the Business of a Maker of Dice or Cards under such Licence.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, upon Default made in the Payment of any such Duty or Duties as such Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall or may be liable to, or upon Conviction for any Fraud or Offence the Penalty or Forfeiture for which shall amount to Ten Pounds, by Notice or Instrument in Writing, to revoke, withdraw and utterly make void, any such Licence to such Person or Persons so making Default or convicted as aforesaid; and if such Person or Persons after such Revocation shall continue to exercise the Trade, or carry on the Business of making Dice or Cards respectively, he, she or they shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures as if such Licence or Licences had never been granted.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Dice or Cards shall at the time of entering and paying the Duties on any Number of Pairs of Dice or Packs of Cards, make Oath, or if a Quaker solemnly affirm, before the Distributor or other proper Officer with whom such Entry shall be made, in the Words following; to wit,

I A.B. do swear (or if a Quaker, do affirm), That the Number of Pairs of Dice, or of Packs of ' Cards (as the case may be) now entered by me, is the full Amount of the Quantity of Dice, or of 1 Painted, Spotted and Playing Cards (as the case may be) manufactured by me or for my Use, from the

Day of to the time of this my present Entry, except

Packs of Cards made up by me for Exportation, which are now lodged in His Majesty's Stores, or have been

exported (as the case may be): 9

Which Oath or Affirmation such Distributor or other proper Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Dice or Cards, who shall endeavour to defraud His Majesty by any Concealment or undue Entry, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall set up or exercise the Employment of making Dice or Cards, or shall make or cause to be made any Dice or Cards, in any Town or Place in Ireland, other than in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and Limerick, or the respective Liberties thereof, and that every Person or Persons who shall set up or exercise the Employment of making Dice or Cards, or shall make or cause to be made Dice or Cards, in any other Town or Place whatever in Ireland, shall, for every such Offeqce, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and for every Day that such Business shall be continued or carried on after the first Day thereof, a further Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to appoint fit and proper Persons in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and Limerick respectively, who shall be called Stamp Maffers, and shall have the Custody and Keeping of the Marks, Stamps and Seals herein after mentioned, and shall, from time to time, put such Marks or Stamps upon all Dice, and such Marks or Seals upon the Paper and Thread enclosing every such Pack of Cards, and also on One of the Cards of each Pack, on the painted or spotted Side thereof, which shall be duly entered, and for which the Dudes then legally payable thereon shall be duly paid to the proper Officers in the said Places respectively.

XXaVIII. And be it further enacted, That it mall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to devise and to appoint Marks, Stamps, or Seals, such as they shall think fit to be put or impressed on Dice and on every Label or Paper to be fastened to every Wrapper in which each Pack of Cards shall be enclosed or wrapped, and that the said Label or Paper shall be so contrived and shall be so fastened on the said Wrapper that the said several Stamps, Marks or Seals shall appear on the Sides of each Pack of Cards, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct$ and that the said several Stamp Matters respectively shall number each Label in Arithmetical Progression under each Mark, Stamp or Seal to be put thereon in manner aforesaid, so that the Number appearing on the opposite Sides of each Pack of Cards, when enclosed in the said Label, shall be like or corresponding Numbers: Provided always, that all Cards belonging to each Manufacturer shall be numbered in Progression with the following or progressive Numbers of the Cards of each Manufacturer, beginning with the Number One, and that every Stamp Matter shall, after every Twenty fifth Day of March, Twenty fourth Day of Junes Twenty ninth Day of September and Twenty fifth Day of Decemhery begin to number the Cards to be stamped by him for each Manufacturer, with Number One, and continue on regularly froqi thence during such Quarter.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Marks, Stamps and Seals, heretofore iu fad kept or ufo4 for damping, marking and sealing Dice and Cards, and the Wrappers of Cards respectively, by, and under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps, shall continue to be the Marks, Stamps and Seals for such Purposes respectively, until the same shall be altered respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps to alter and change the fame or any of them, from time to tjimes as they shall think proper, and that such Marks, Stamps and Seals as shall in fad be kept and used from time 19 time by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of Stamps aforesaid, for flapping or marking Dise* Cards and Wrappers respectively, shall, from time to time, be the only proper and lawful Stamps, Marks a&d Seals for the said Purposes respectively: Provided) always, that whenever any such Change shall he made, anft

1.} that

289

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 101.

that any Stamp, Mark or Seal shall be abandoned or laid aside for any new Stamp, Mark or Seal, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to use, utter, vend and fell any Dice or Carols which shall have been duly stamped, marked or sealed with the Stamps, Marks or Seals which shall have been so abandoned or laid aside, without incurring any Penalty, Forfeiture or Punishment for the fame, unless such Notice of such Change as is herein after mentioned, shall have been published by the said Commissioners of Stamps in Three successive Dublin Gazettes, whereof the Production of the said Gazettes shall be sufficient Evidence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Pack of Cards on the Labels on which any Number shall be erased or altered, shall be deemed and taken to be Cards not stamped or marked, and shall be forfeited and seized, and every Person who shall utter, vend, sell or expose the same to Sale, or shall have in his or her Possession with Intent to utter, vend, sell or expose to Sale the fame, shall be liable to all Penalties to which Persons by the Laws then in being shall be subject for uttering, vending, felling or exposing to Sale, or having in Possession with Intent to vend Cards not stamped.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times make, counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be made, counterfeited or forged any Mark, Stamp or Seal to resemble any Mark, Stamp or Seal which shall be used by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, for (lamping, marking or sealing any Dice or Cards, or any Label or Paper enclosing any Cards, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame respectively, upon any Dice or Card, or on any Paper for enclosing Cards, or shall erase or alter any Number to be put on such Paper or Label as aforesaid, with Intent thereby to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duties upon Dice or Cards, or shall utter, vend or sell any Dice or Cards with the Impression of such counterfeit Mark, Stamp or Seal thereon respectively, or on the Paper or Label enclosing such Cards, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall utter, vend or sell any Cards on the Paper or Label enclosing which any Number shall be erased or altered, knowing the same to be erased or altered, or shall fraudulently use any Mark, Stamp or^Seal to be used in pursuance of this Act, thereby to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties upon Dice or Cards, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and be transported for Seven Years.

XLII. And, for preventing any Mistake or Fraud in stamping or marking any Dice or Cards not duly entered, or for which the Duties by Law payable thereon shall not have been duly paid, be it further enacted, That the Distributors of Stamps in the said Cities of Cork and Limerick respectively, and such Officer or Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose in Dublin d>y the said Commissioners of Stamps, shall upon Request of the Person or Persons who shall duly enter any Dice or Cards, and pay the Duties then by Law payable thereon, certify in Writing, the Number of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which shall have been so entered, and for which the said Duties shall have been so paid, and also the Names and Places of Abode of such Persons who shall have made such Entries, and paid the said Duties, upon the Delivery of which said Certificate to the Person who for the time being shall be appointed to keep the said Mark, Stamp or Seal, the said Person so appointed shall enter the said Certificate in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and afterwards with all convenient Speed shall mark, (lamp or seal such and so many Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards as shall be mentioned to be contained in such Certificate, and the Person so marking, damping or sealing such Dice or Cards, is hereby required to enter under the said Certificate in the said Bodt to be kept for that Purpose, the Number of the Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which he shall so mark, (lamp or seal, pursuant to the said Certificate, with the Days and Times of his so marking, damping and sealing the fame, till the full Number of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which shall be contained in such Certificate shall be duly marked, stamped and sealed, which said Book at the End of every Year, oroftener, if required by the Commissioners of Stamps, shall be returned to the said Commissioners to be examined by them, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed by them to examine the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed as aforesaid, to mark, damp or seal such Dice or Cards, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to mark, damp or seal the Number of Pairs of Dice or Pack of Cards contained in such Certificate, then the Person so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit for every such Default the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided always, that no Person shall be obliged to mark, damp or seal any Dice or Cards, but Three times in every Week; that is to say, on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday in every Week, and between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Twelve at Noon, and between the Hours of Two and Four in the Afternoon of the said Days.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That as often as the said Commissioners of Stamps shall think fit to alter, change or renew the Seals, Marks or Stamps for Dice or Cards, or the Paper enclosing such Cards, or any of the said Marks, Stamps or Seals, it shall and may be lawful for all Persons who shall at such respective times have in their Custody or Possession any Dice or any Cards and Papers enclosing Packs, of Cards marked with the Seals, Marks or Stamps so intended to be altered, changed or renewed respectively, to sell or expose to 8ale such Dice or Cards respectively, for and during the Space of Two Calendar Months, and no longer, after Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners of such Intention of renewing, changing or altering such Stamps, Marks or Seals, shall have been published in the DubVin Gazette for Three successive Days of Publication, whereof the Production of the said Gazettes shall be sufficient Evidence.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dice or Cards marked with the old Stamps, Marks or Seals flud) remain upon Hand and unfold, it shall be lawful for any Maker or Retailer of Dice or Cards, at any time within the said Two Months, to bring or fend such Dice, Cards and Papers enclosing Packs of Cards with the old Stamps, Marks or Seals to the respective Stamp Maders, or to such Officer or Officers as Audi be appointed in that behalf by the said Commissioners of Stamps at their respective Offices in the Cities of Dublin* Cork and Limerick, and the said Stamp Maders and Officers respectively are hpprby required to mark 55 Geo. III. P p with

Packs of Cards 011 which Number is erased or altered forfeited.

Counterfeiting Marks, tec. used on Dice or Wrappers of Cards, &c.

Treafj*

Dirt rihu tort of.Stamps to certify Number of Pairr of Dice and i Packs of Cards for which Duty paid, and enter Certificates in Book, &c.

Neglecting te mark Number contained in any Certificate. Penalty.

Commissioners may change Marks or Stamps for Died or Cards.

Dice or Cirds remaining on hand taken to Place appointed to get new Stamp put on, & c.

4

i

[Proviso.]

Dice or Cards not duly ttamped forfeited, and Person iu whole Possession found.

[Penalty.]

Every undamped Parcel of Playing Cards deemed a Pack.

[Penalty.]

Selling Cards that have been played with. Penalty.

X)ic« and Cerda exceedifi^ T*o Pairs or Two Packs deemed expoling tofule. Cards not deemed Waste unless Corner cut off.

Penalties.

Dice or Cards found in Possession of Hawkers forfeited.

Card Maker to shew Officer Stock on Hand.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

[Penalty.]

Officers to take

Account of Cards and Materials in Pot-ieftion of Card Makers.

In case of Deficiency no iintry allowed.

C. 10l. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

with the new Stamps, Marks and SeaU respectively, such Dice and Cards so brought in, and so many Papers enclosing Packs of Cards as shall be equal in Number to the Papers so brought in, such new Stamps, Marks and Seals to be given in lieu of the old, free and exempt from the Payment of any further Duty or Fee whatsoever for the fame: Provided also, that if after the Expiration of the said Two Months, any Dice or Cards with such old Stamps, Marks or Seals shall be found in the Possession of any Maker or Retailer of Dice or Cards, the same shall be forfeited, and k shall be lawful to and for any Person duly authorized for that Purpose, under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners of Stamps, to seize and carry away the fame; and the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found shall be liable and subject to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as he, she or they would be liable to if the said Dice, Cards or Papers containing Packs of Cards never had been ttamped, marked or sealed respectively.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Die or Pair of Dice, or Pack or Packs of Playing Cards, shall be found in the House, Sliop, Room or Place of any Maker or Retailor of Dice or Cards respectively, without being marked, sealed or ttamped as shall be then by Law required, the same shall be adjudged forfeited, and may be seized and carried away by any Person duly authorized for that Purpose under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners of Stamps, and the Maker or Retailer of Dice or Cards in whose Possession such Die or Dice, or such Pack or Packs of Cards shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every undamped Parcel of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards enclosed in a Paper Cover or Paper Covers which shall be exposed to Sale by or found in the Shop of any Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards shall to all Intents and Purposes be construed and taken to be a whole Pack of Playing Cards within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and such Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall sell or expose to Sale any Playing Cards which have, been fold, opened or played with, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Dice and Cards, exceeding in Quantity Two Pairs of Dice or Two Packs of Cards respectively, which shall hereafter be found in any House, Outhouse, Warehouse or else* where in the Possession of any Shopkeer or Retailer of Dice or Cards, shall be deemed and considered as Dice or Cards exposed to Sale within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Cards shall be deemed Waste Cards unless a Corner of every such Card shall be cut off, and unless the fame be sold or exposed to Sale in Parcels without being enclosed in any Paper Cover whatsoever; and if any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards shall sell or expose to Sale as Waste Cards any Cards enclosed in Paper Covers, or not cut in the manner aforesaid, he, she or they so offending shall be liable to the Penalties, and incur all the Forfeitures infli<sted for felling or exposing to Sale Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards without Stamps.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Dice, and all Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards which shall be found in the Possession of any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person travelling from Place to Place, shall be forfeited, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distributor of Stamps, or other Person or Persons thereto duly authorized under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners, to seize all such Dice and Cards, and to lodge the fame in such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Card Maker who shall make any Cards, or his Foreman, Head Servant, or Person employed to attend such Business, from time to time and as often as such Card Maker or other Person employed as aforesaid shall be required by the Officer or Officers appointed to view and take an Account of the fame, shall shew to such Officer or Officers all the Stock then on Hands of Cards and all Materials for making the same belonging to such Card Maker or Card Makers, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, in case of Refusal to be forfeited by such Card Maker or Card Makers, and of Five Pounds to be forfeited by the Foreman, Head Servant or other Person employed so refusing as aforesaid, and that in default of the Payment of such Sum of Five Pounds, such Foreman, Head Servant or other Person so employed shall sufferOue Month's Imprisonment; and that in case such Officer or Officers shall afterwards find any Cards or Materials for making Cards of the Stock then on Hand over and above the Quantity so shewn as aforesaid, such Cards and Materials shall be forfeited, and it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to seize and carry away the fame; and such Card Maker or Card Makers shall respectively forfeit a Sum at the Rate of Twenty Pounds for every Twelve Dozen of Sheets of Paper Materials for Card making which shall be found over and above the Quantity that shall have been shewn as aforesaid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to appoint such Officer or Officers as they shall think proper to keep an Account of all Cards and Materials for making Cards, which shall from time to time be found by him or them in the Possession of any Card Maker or Cara Makers; and upon any Decrease or Deficiency of such Stock of Cards and Materials not properly accounted for, to charge such Card Maker or Card Makers with all Duties payable for such Cards not accounted for 5 and also with the Amount of the Duties on so many Cards as might be made from or with such Materials not accounted for as aforesaid; the said Duties to be paid by such Card Maker or Card Makers upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid before such Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin^ and before the Distributor of Stamps in Cork and Limerick respectively, ascertaining the Quantity so deficient and brought to charge, which Oath the said Officers respectively are empowered and required to administer.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer or Distributori or any Stamp Matter of Cards* after Proof made of such Deficiency, shall allow any Entry to be made by, or shall ffamp any* Cards of or

15 -belong*

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 101, 102, 103.

belonging to such Card Maker or Card Makers, before he, she or they shall have answered or paid all Charges made on account of such Decrease or Deficiency, then and in every such case such Officer, Distributor or Stamp Mailer shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Card Maker or Card Makers shall make up Cards intended for Exportation, he, she or they shall within One Hour after the same are made up give Notice thereof to the Stamp Mailer of the Place where such Cards shall be made up, and shall in the Presence of the said Stamp Mailer deposit such Cards in some of His Majesty's Store Houseo at the Place where such Cards shall be lo made up, the said Cards there to remain until a Certificate from the Collector of the Port shall be produced to the said Stamp Matter, which Certificate shall express or import that all legal Requisites relative to such Cards have been performed; and if such Card Maker or Card Makers shall at any time remove such Cards so deposited as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or shall suffer the same to be removed without Permission of the Storekeeper or Surveyor of His Majesty's Stores first had and obtained, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a Forfeiture of Dice, or of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards, or of Utensils or Materials for making Cards, shall be incurred by virtue of this Act or of any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall deleft the Fraud or Offence for which such Cards, Utensils or Materials shall become forfeited, to seize and attach and carry away all such Cards, and the same to lodge in such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps, there to be detained and kept until disposed of by due course of Law.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

29I

[Penalty.]

Cards for Exportation deposited in some of His Majesty's Warehouses;

and not removed without Permission.

[Penalty.]

Forfeitures lodged in such Place as Commissioners shall

appoint.

[Commencement of Act.]

CAP. CXI.

An Act to repeal certain Duties on Leather dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or imported from Ireland.

[2 2d June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Glpfs, Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff*, a Duty of Six pence is imposed for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Skins, and of all Parts or Pieces of Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, other Qian Sheep and Lambs Skins;and by the said Act a Countervailing Duty of Six pence is also imposed for every Pound Weight Avoir- dupois of all Skins dressed in Oil in Ireland, other than Sheep and Lamb Skins, and imported from thence into Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties, so for as the fame extend to Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, or Buff or Lo(h Leather dressed in Oil; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Duty of Six pence per Pound Weight, and the said Countervailing Duty of Six pence per Pound Weight, so for as the some extend to Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, or Buff or Lo(h Leather dressed in Oil, shall be and the fame respectively are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been charged as such Duty or Duties for or in respect of the Duties by this Act repealed, and which shall not before the passing of this Act have been already collected, received or paid, to be discharged from and out of the Books and other Documents containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any such Charge or Sum or Sums of Money.

SiO.i. c. 94* Sch. (A.)

Sch. (B.)

Duties on £uck, Deer and Elk Skins, or Buff or Losh Leather, repealed.

Duties not collected discharge

Cap. cm.

An Act to regulate the Pottage of Ship Letters to and from Ireland.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter so much of the several Acts in force in Ireland as relates to the c W Rates of Pottage of Ship Letters, and to the several Regulations respecting such Letters, and to 1 grant other Rates of Pottage in lieu of such former Rates Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth 23 k 24 G. 3. Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, 00 c. 17. § ii in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing a Pott Office 54 0.3. c. 11^ in Ireland; and also so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Pott within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, as granted a*

Rate of Pottage of One Penny for every Letter or Packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on

board any Ship or Vessel riding or (lopping in any Port within Ireland, over and above all other Rates chargeable on any such Letters; and affo so much of the said recited Act of the Twenty third and Twenty Fourth 23 8c24 G.3.

Years of His Majesty's Reign, as directs that the Sum of One Penny shall be paid to the Matters of Ships (U c* x7* §12t

or Vessels, or other Persons, for every Letter or Packet delivered to the Deputy Pott Matter of the Port or

Place in Ireland at which such Ships or Vessels shall touch or arrive 5 and all Penalties, Jlestrictions and § ix.and 12. in

Regulations, in the said last recited Act mentioned respecting such Letters, shall be and the fame is and are^rePcaled*

hereby repealed, fove and except only so for as relates to the Recovery of any Rates imposed by any such xcePuon'

Act, which may be remaining unpaid.

Pp 2 II. And

t

292

Duty paid on Ship Letters.

Persons br inging Letters to Post Office, and paying certain Rates of Portage empowered to forward fame abroad by any Vessel not being Packet Boat.

Postmaster General may authorize Persons to collect Letters and to forward fame abroad by Vessels other than Packet Boats, if Letters brought to Port Office and Portage paid, f Sic.

Matters of Vessels in Ports abroad, to deliver Letters collected by them to authorized Persons, who on receiving 3s. for every 50 Letters, to put them into sealed Bag, and return them to Matters.

On delivering Bag at any Port Office in Ireland, Matter of Vessel repaid 3s. and to receive ad. for every Letter.

C. 103. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmasters General for Ireland, and their Deputy and Deputies by them thereunto authorized, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, hare, receive and take for every Letter and Packet which shall be brought by Ships and Vessels other than Packet Boats, from Places within His Majesty's Dominions (other than Great Britain), and from any Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Ireland, the Sum of Six pence Irish Currency, for every Single Letter; and for every Double Letter, and for every other Letter and Packet exceeding a Quarter of an Ounce in weight, the Sum of One Shilling Irish Currency in Addition to any Inland or Internal Postage which may arise upon the Inland Conveyance of such Letters and Packets in Ireland

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may!be lawful for His Majesty's said Postmasters General of Ireland, and their Deputies, to receive Letters and Packets directed to Places within His Majesty's Dominions (other than Great Britain), or to Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, from any Person or Persons who may bring the same to any Post Office in Ireland, and who may be desirous to forward such Letters themselves, and to affix upon each Letter and Packet such Stamp, Mark of Postage or Designation, as the said Postmasters General in their Discretion shall think proper and order; and thereupon to demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Rate of Postage of One third Part of the Rates and Duties payable by Law for such respective Letters and Packets, if the fame were conveyed by Packet Boats; and in cases where no Rate of Postage is already established, then to demand, have, receive and take for such Letters and Packets, Rates, as near as can be ascertained, equal to One third Part of what is now paid for Letters sent beyond the Seas, and upon Payment thereof, to return such Letters and Packets to the Person or Persons bringing the same; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Person and Persons to forward such Letters and Packets to the Places to which they may be directed, by any Ships, or Vessels that he or they may think proper, not being Packet Boats, without incurring any Penalty therefore, and without Payment of any other Rate or Duty of Postage j any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's said Postmaster f General of Ireland, by Writing under their or either of their Hands, and under Seal of the Office of Postmasters General of Ireland, to iicenfe and authorize any Person or Persons whatsoever to collect Letters and Packets in Ireland, directed to Places within His Majesty's Dominions (other than Great Britain), and to Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, for the Purpose of being forwarded according to their Directions, by any Ships or Vessels other than Packet Boats 5 provided that such Persons so to be licensed, shall, previous to forwarding the fame, bring such Letters and Packets to the Post Office of the Town or Place from whence such Letter or Letters or Packets is or are to be sent, to have a Stamp, Mark of Postage or Designation put thereon respectively; which Stamp, Mark of Postage or Designation the Postmasters General and their Deputies, are hereby authorized and required to put thereon 5 and to demand, receive and take for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the fame Rates of Postage as are hereby made payable for Letters and Packets to be forwarded by Persons bringing the same, in manner hereinbefore provided; and upon such Payment being made to return such Letters and Packets to the Persons so to be licensed; and that it shall and may be lawful for such authorized Persons to forward such Letters and Packets by any Ship or Vessel that he or they may think proper, not being Packet Boats, without incurring any Penalty therefore, and without Payment of any other Rate of Postage; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons authorized by the said Postmasters General for Ireland, or by the Postmasters General for Great Britain, in Places within His Majesty's Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas, to receive from the Masters of Vessels coming from thence into any Port in Ireland, Letters and Packets which may be collected and brought by such Masters to them for the Purpose of being transmitted by the Authority of the said Postmasters General, and also to receive from such Masters with such Letters at the Rate of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters or Packets, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number 5 and such Person or Persons so authorized by the said Postmasters General, shall make up in a Bag or Parcel, all such Letters so received, and inclose therein a Certificate of the Number of Letters contained in the fame, and an Impression of the Seal which shall be used to seal such Bag or Parcel, and the Date when the same shall be sealed; and shall seal the Bag or Parcel with the Seal of which an Impression shall have been so inclosed, and deliver the fame Bag or Parcel to such Masters, for the Purpose of being brought by them to the Port at which they shall arrive in Ireland.

VI. And, in order to encourage Masters of Ships and Vessels, not being Packet Boats, coming from Places within His Majesty's Dominions (except from Great Britain) and from Places beyond the Seas, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Masters of Vessels to collect Letters and Packets in Places within His Majesty's Dominions (except as aforesaid), and in Countries beyond the Seas, so as such Letters and Packets shall be collected for the Purpose of being transmitted by the Authority of the said Postmasters General to Ireland; and provided that such Masters shall deliver all such Letters to some Person or Persons authorized by the said Postmasters General to receive the same, for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the Masters shall, upon delivering the fame, pay unto the Person or Persons so authorized, the Sum of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number, and shall then receive the same Letters back from such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, in a sealed Bag or Parcel; and shall, upon Delivery of such Bag or Parcel so made up and sealed in such manner as is hereinbefore mentioned, in a perfect State, at any Post Office in Ireland, be repaid the Sum of Money which they shall have so advanced as aforesaid; and also Two pence per Letter and Packet for every Letter or Packet which shall be contained in such Bag or Parcel.

4

&# GEORGII III.

C. 103.

293

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Matter of such Ship or Vessel shall open any Bag or Bags t>f Letters or Packets with which he shall have been entrusted, or shall take out of such Bag any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets whatsoever, or shall not duly deliver such Bag, with the Letters and Packets, at the Place where he shall arrive, to the Person who may be authorized to receive the same, without wilful or unavoidable Delay after his Arrival, every such Matter so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, One Moiety to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered, with full Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be admitted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall fend any Letter or Packet by any Ship or Vessel of which he shall not be Owner, without having the Official Mark of the Pottage having been paid thereon; or if any Matter shall have on board, or carry arty Letter or Packet, not being the Letter or Packet of his Owners, without such Official Mark thereon, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Letter or Packet so sent or found on board or carried as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs, at any Port or Place whatsoever, and they are hereby authorized and required to search every Ship or Vessel, in any Port or Place, for Letters or Packets which may be on Board contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and to seize and take all such Letters and Packets, and to forward the same to the Poffmasters f General or his Deputy at the Port or Place; and that the Officers seizing and fending the same shall be entitled to sue for the Penalty for any such Offence, and shall be entitled to One Moiety of such Penalty when recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, Comptroller or other Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath to every such Matter before he departs, that he has not any Letters or Packets which have not paid the Rates of Pottage hereby imposed, on board his Ship or Vessel, not being the Letters or Packets of the Owners of his said Ship or Vessel.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel in Port, the Matter shall sign a Declaration in Writing, in the Presence of the Person authorized by the Postmasters General at the Port*or Place, who shall also sign the fame, that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief he has delivered, ' according to the Provisions of this Act, all the Letters and Packets, or Bags or Parcels of Letters and Packets which were on board his Vessel; and that until such Declaration shall be signed, the Officer of the Customs shall not permit such Ship or Vessel to break Bulk; and in case such Matter shall wilfully neglect to make such Declaration, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer.

XII. And be it further enacted, 'Fhat if any Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officer hereby required to prohibit any Ship or Vessel from breaking Bulk until the Requisites of this Act shall be complied with; shall permit such Ship or Vessel to break Bulk, such Collector, Comptroller or Officer, so permitting such Ship or Vessel to break Bulk, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of the several pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed,

shall be payable to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person who shall and will inform or sue for the fame; and that all and Angular the said Penalties (except the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds hereinbefore mentioned) shall and may be recovered by Information before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, County of the City, City or Town Corporate where such Offences shall be respectively committed, upon the Oath of One credible Witness, which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer; and if any Person or Persons convicted of any such Offence, shall not forthwith pay the Penalty which he, she or they shall have incurred, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to fend such Person or Persons to the Workhouse, or House of Correction, there to remain at Hard Labour for such time as such Justices shall think proper, not exceeding Three Months.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit or cause to be forged or counterfeited any Stamp, Mark of Pottage or Designation, upon any Letter or Packet hereby authorized to be so stamped, marked or designated, with Intent to avoid or prevent the Payment of the Rate of Pottage hereby imposed, each and every Person and Persons so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act shall form Part of the Revenue of the Pott Office of Ireland, and be applied as such.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Opening Bag,

&c.

[Penalty.]

Sending Letters not having Port Office Mark.

[Penalty.]

Officers of Customs may search Ships for Letters.

f Sic. Penalty.

Officers of Customs may administer Oath to Matters of Vessels.

Declaration made of Delivery of Letters befote Vessel breaks Bulk.

[Penalty.]

Officers neglecting Duty.

[Penalty.]

Penalties how applied and recovered.

Penalty net paid.

ImprisoomeM.

Forging, fee.

Post Office Mark.

Misdemeanor.

Duty Post Office Revenue.

Act amended!, «cc.

294 C*io4»

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Ants, c. 19.

Sch. A.

35.

Licences taken out after Jan. 5. 1816, to pay Duty under ante, c. 19. for Licences issued ro Days before that Day.

Ante, c. 19. Sch. A.

Spirit Licences applied for before Jan. 5.

1816, on Certificate from Clerk of the Peace dated before March 25, 1815, shall pay Duty imposed by 55 O. 3. c. 19. with is. in the Pound of Amount.

Ante, c. 19. i 4°»

pealed.

egulations for taining Li-nces to fell tints in Dublin,

CAP. CIV.

An Act to make further Profifions for the issuing of Licences to Persons to deal in, retail, make or manufacture Spirits and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, and for securing the Duties of Excise payable by the Persons so licensed.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An i Vf A3 to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retailand upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp ' Duties payable tison such Licences; and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the

issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland; certain Duties are imposed and made payable upon the several Licences therein mentioned, according to the respective times at which such Licences respectively shall be taken out, and, amongst other, certain Duties ' are imposed and made payable on the several and respective Licences therein mentioned, which shall be respectively taken out after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: And

Whereas under the Provisions of the said recited Act, Licences may be taken out within Ten Days previous to the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to be in force after the said t Fifth Day of January; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Duties by the said Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, imposed and made payable upon all such Licences, if the fame respectively shall be taken out after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be charged and paid on all such Licences respectively which shall be taken out to be in force after the said Fifth Day of January, although such Licences respectively may be taken out and may issue at any time within Ten Days before the said Day; any thing in the said Act or in the said Schedule to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas in and by the Laws in force in Ireland\ at and immediately before the passing of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, all Licences to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by

Retail were to continue in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof; And Whereas in and by the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, certain Duties are imposed upon such Licences to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, as should be taken out after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and before the Twenty ninth ' Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And Whereas Persons who, previous to the said Twenty fifth Day of March, nad obtained Certificates from the Clerks of the Peace to entitle such Persons to such Licences, ought by Law to have taken out such Licences previous to the said Twenty fifth Day of March, and to have paid the full annual Amount of the Duties then payable by Law thereon, but may nevertheless have fold Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail without taking out such Licences* Be it enacted, That in every case where any Person, from and after the Commencement of this Act, and before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall apply for any Licence to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, upon any such Certificate which shall bear Date before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, such Person shall, before any such Licence shall be granted to him or her, pay to the Collector of Excise upon his granting such Licence as aforesaid, as and for the Duty thereon, such Sum as under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, and the Schedule thereto annexed, is dated to be the annual Amount of the Duty on such Licence if taken out after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty; any thing in the said recited Act, or the Schedule thereto annexed, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act of this present Session of Parliament it is, amongdother things, enacted, that no Licence shall be granted to any Person to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the Didrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, unless the Person applying for such Licence shall obtain an Order signed by the Lord Mayor for the time being, and by One or more of the Police Magistrates of the Didrift or Division in which such Person shall reside, that such Person applying for a Licence is a proper Person to be licensed, nor unless the Persons who shall be proposed to be Sureties for the Pftfon so applying be named in such Order, and therein approved of by such Police Magistrate or Magistrates; and that all Orders so given shall be preserved by the Clerks of the Peace of the City of Dublin, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by them for the Purpose, and such Book or Books shall be open at all times for the Inspection of any Magistrate, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and their Officers, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk of the Peace, on Receipt of such Order, shall deliver to the Person applying for such Licence a Certificate in the Form therein prescribed, to entitle such Person to such Licence* Be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Licence shall be granted to any Person to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in the City of Dublin, "or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the Didrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, unless the Person applying for such Licence shall have obtained an Order for the fame signed by the Lord Mayor for the time being, and shall have and obtain a Certificate, signed by the Divisional Justices of the Division in which the

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 104. 295

Castle of Dublin shall be, or any One of them at the Head Office, that the Person applying for a Licence is a

proper Person to be licensed, nor unless the Persons who shall be prpposed to be Sureties Tor the Persons so

applying be named in such Certificate, and therein approved of by such Divisional Justices or any One of them,

at the said Head Office, and that such Orders of the Lord Mayor for the time being for said Licences, and

such Certificates as aforesaid, shall be granted without Fee or Reward, and shall be preserved by the Clerks of the Peace of the City of Dublin, and mail be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by them for that Purpose,

and such Book or Books shall be open at all times for the Inspection of any Magistrate, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and their Officers, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerks of the

Peace, on Receipt of such Order and Certificate, shall deliver to the Person applying for such Licence to

entitle such Person thereto a Certificate in the Form following, instead of in the Form prescribed by the said Ante, c. 19.

recited Act; that is to say, §3°*

I A.B. or we A.B. and C.D. Clerks of the Peace of the City of Dublin, do certify that E.F. (or, E. F. certificate for and G.H.) is (or, are) duly entitled to receives Licence for selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale obtaining or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail at No. in the Parish Licence.

of in the City of Dublin, (or, within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, as the case

may be), until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and (mentioning the Tear);

and that the Lord Mayor hath ordered, and One or more of the Divisional Justices of the Division in which the Castle of Dublin is situate at the Head Office have certified, that the said E. F. (or, E. F. and G. H.)

4 is (or, are) a proper Person (or, Persons) so to be licensed, and that /. K. of and M. TV; of

have been approved of as Sureties for the said E. F'. (or, for the said E. F. and G. If.)

Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and /

4 A.B. or A.B. and C. D.

Clerks of the Peace/

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of the said Ante, r. 19. recited Act as authorizes or empowers the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin within his Jurisdiction, or any §69. in part re-Two or more of the Police Magistrates of the District or Division in which the Persons shall reside, to annul Pcakd*

any Licence granted to any Person or Persons for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors in Ireland, and also so much of the said Act as authorizes or empowers the said Lord Mayor or the said Police Magistrates to figfl any Notice to be fi rved on any Person of such Person's Licence having been annulled, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.,

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be Dhifioual Juf-

Iawful for the Divisional Justices of the Division in which the Castle of Dublin shall be, or any One of them, at of Cattle the Head Office, to annul any Licence granted to any Person or Persons for retailing Spirituous and other«ay«n-

Liquors, within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin; and if any Person whose Licence shall be so annulled, nu Llccncc* or on whom a Notice shall be served of the fame being annulled, signed by such Divisional Justices of the

Division in which the Castle of Dublin shall be, or any One of them at the Head Office as aforesaid, shall retail any Spirituous or other Liquors, every such Person shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons felling Penalties. Spirituous or other Liquors without having obtained a Licence for that Purpose are liable to under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sued for, recovered and applied, in the like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Act are directed to be sued for, recovered and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Divisional Justices of the Division Justices may al- in which the Cattle of Dublin shall be, or any One of them at the Head Office, upon Application made for low Persons that Purpose by any Person being licensed to retail Spirituous and other Liquors within the District of the whol« Licences Metropolis of Dublin, to allow such Person to fell such Liquors by Retail in any House or Place within the ^i^fell* said District, other than the House or Place described in such Licence for the Remainder of the Year for Spirits for Re-which such Licence shall be granted; and the Situation of such other House or Place shall be particularly mainder of Year described in an Indorsement to be made on such Licence, and signed by the Hand of such Div fional Justices in some other or Justice: Provided always, that every such Indorsement shall be entered and registered in the Office of the Plflce.

Clerk of the Peace of the City of Dublin, and also in the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District of Dublin; and every such Licence shall thereupon be absolutely null and void in respect to the House or Place for which the fame was originally granted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Collectors of Inland Excise Collectors of In-and Ta*es in Ireland in their respective Dittrifts, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of any such Und Excise and District, or any other Person or Persons appointed to grant Licences by the Commissioners of Inland Excise Taxe*to ^Tue and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to issue Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer,

Porter*- Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin and Mead, by Retail, to the fame Persons and at or for the fame Houses lice^fecHn Year or Places as shall have been licensed in the Year last immediately preceding 5 provided that such Persons preceding, on respectively shall previously take and subscribe the Oaths by the said recited Act (a) of the present Session of taking Oaths Parliament prescribed to be taken and subscribed by Persons applying for Licences to sell Spirituous and prescribed by other Liquors by Retail, and that such Persons respectively, together with their Sureties to be approved of by Two Magistrates of the County residing within Seven Miles of the Habitation of such Person, shall enter into a Bond.in such Amount, and conditioned as is in and by the said recited Act (b) mentioned respecting the Bond therein mentioned, required to be entered into by Persons applying under the Provisions of the said Act to be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquor^ and other Liquors by Retail: Provided always, that every such Approbation provg#f of such Magistrates shall be entered in the Crown Book by the acting Clerk of the Peace, and thereupon it

(a) [Ante, c. 19. §39.]'(b) [Ante, c. 19. 37.] '

/hall

296 C. 104.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Collectors may issue Licences for Sale of Spirits, &c. (except in Dublin, fcc.) to Persons whom Three Magistrates shall approve of, such Persons taking Oaths and entering into Bond/

Prtviso.

Certificates not given to Persons who have keen refused an Order for Licence at Quarter Sessions, &c.

In Certificates Names of Sureties inserted.

Convicted of Offence of selling Spirits, fee. First Offence. Second Offence.

Prpvifa

Bonds taken and Oaths administered by Sub Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, See.

Perjury. Ante, c. 19. §67.

in part repealed.

Action not maintained for Quantity of Spirits left than Two Quarts.

shall and may be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace to give or cause to be given to the Person entitled thereto, a Certificate pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Collectors of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in their respective Districts, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of any such District, or any other Person or Persons appointed to grant Licences by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to issue Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, MethegHn and Mead, by Retail, in any Place, fare and except in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, to any Person or Persons whom any Three Magi lira tea redding within Seven Miles of the Habitation of such Person or Persons shall think proper Persons to be entrusted with such Licences, and to whom they shall, by Order under their Hands and Seals, direct such Licences to be issued; provided that such Persons respectively shall, before the granting of such Licence, take and subscribe the Oaths by the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament prescribed to be taken and subscribed by Persons applying for Licences to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail; and that such Persons respectively, together with their Sureties, to be approved of by such Magistrates, shall enter into a Bond in the Amount, and conditioned as is in and by the said recited Act mentioned, respecting the Bond therein mentioned required to be entered into by Persons applying under the Provisions of the said Act to be licensed to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail: Provided always, that every such Order of such Magistrates shall be entered in the Crown Book by the acting Clerk of the Peace, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace to give or cause to be given to the Person entitled thereto, a Certificate pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace to give any such Certificate to any Person who shall have applied at any Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, for an Order for the issuing of a Licence to such Person, and who shall have been refused the fame; and any such Licence which shall be granted to any such Person shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void, and such Person shall be liable and subject to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures to which unlicensed Retailers of Spirituous or other Liquors are under the said recited Act liable and subject; and which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Act are directed to be sued for, recovered and applied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every Certificate to be given by the Clerk of the Peace to entitle any Person or Persons to a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, there shall be mentioned and inserted the Names and Additions of the Persons who shall be approved of by the Justices of the Peace as the Sureties of such Person or Persons applying for such Licence; and every such Certificate shall be lodged with the Collector or other Officer or Person appointed to grant Licences before he shall grant such Licence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be convicted of the Offence of selling Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, shall in Default of Payment of the Penalty, if the Offence shall be the First Offence, be committea to Gaol for a Space not exceeding Four Calendar Months nor less than Two Calendar Months, and in Default of Payment of the said Penalty, if the same shall be for the Second or any further Offence, shall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for the Space of Six Calendar Mouths, and no longer: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to take away or affect the Power given by the said recitea Ad, of mitigating any such Penalty, and of thereupon discharging any such Person from Confinement before the Expiration of such respective Periods.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Sub Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes of the proper District, or for any Person authorized and appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, to take any Bond, and also to take and administer any Oath or Affidavit which is in and by the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament reauired to be executed, given, sworn or taken by any Person; and that any such Bond, and Oath, or Affidavit respectively, so taken or administered by any such Sub Commissioner, or by any person so authorized as aforesaid, mall be and the fame is hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if such Bond or such Oath or Affidavit had been taken under the Provisions of the said Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that if any such Person who shall take any such Oath or Affidavit shall wilfully and knowingly swear falsely therein, every such Person being convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as enads that no Person shall be entitled unto, or shall maintain any Cause, Action or Suit for or recover either in Law or Equity any Sum of Money, or Demand for or on Account of any Spirituous Liquors fold in Ireland, in any Quantity less than One Pint at any one time, nor for or on Account of any particular Item or Article in any Account or Demand for Spirituous Liquors so fold, where the Quantity mail be less than One Pint, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Perfba shall be entitled unto or shall maintain any Cause, Action or Suit for or shall recover either in Law or Equity any Sum of Money, or Demand for or on Account of any Spirituous Liquors fold in Ireland\ in any Quantity lefr than Two Quarts at any one time, or for or on Account of any particular Item or Article in any Account pr Demand for Spirituous Liquors so fold, where the Quantity shall be less than Two Quarts.

14 XVI. And

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 104. 297

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Excise, to grant any Permit Permits not for any Spirits made in Ireland, on the Credit of Two or more Certificates, unless the Person applying for g^jjT^Credit such Permit shall not have sufficient Credit on One Certificate for the Quantity and Quality or Kind of Spirits ^Two Cerdfi-for which such Permit shall be required; and every Officer granting any Permit for any such Spirits upon the Cates unless Credit of any Certificate or Certificates (when the Party shall not have sufficient Credit as aforesaid, upon there is not fuf-One Certificate) shall endorse on such Certificate the Date and Number of such Permit, Quantity, Strength ficient Credit on and Quality of the Spirits for which the same shall be granted, and the Marks and Numbers of the Calks or °ne>*c*

Vessels, or Mark and Number of the Cask or Vessel containing the fame, and the Name of the Person to whom and the Place to which such Spirits are to be carried under such Permit; and in case the Permit on which any such Certificate shall be granted shall, before the time at which the fame is or shall be required to be delivered up and renewed, be filled up with the Indorsements herein directed to be made thereon, the proper Officer for granting Certificates shall upon such Certificate with the Indorsements thereon being delivered up to him, grant a new Certificate for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Officer to whom such Certificate with the Indorsements thereon-shall be so delivered up. shall annex the same to the Duplicate of the new Certificate.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Certificate, or any such Indorsement made thereon, Licences an-shall be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Ex- nulled when cife to annul or withdraw the Licence which shall have been granted to the Person or Persons whose Certificate Certificates or any Indorsement thereupon shall have been so erased, obliterated or altered; and every such Person shall forfeit ^ered!*the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

' 4

XVIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 50 G. 3. c. 99.

4. An Act to amend the federal Acts relating to the making of Malt; and the granting of Permits and Certificates;

and the Regulations of Braziers and of Persons employing more than One Still in Ireland, after reciting that by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Pro- tedion of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods, certain Penalties and Forfeitures are imposed in cases where Goods or Commodities are found without the Certificate required by the said Act of the Fortieth Year, to be given by Officers of Excise for the protesting of Goods, and also in cases where such Certificates are not delivered up, or renewed according to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year, it is enacted, that no Penalty or Forfeiture §5whatever shall accrue, or be incurred by any Person or Persons whatever, nor shall any Goods or Commodities be forfeited, nor be liable to be seized, nor shall any Information, Suit or Prosecution be filed, had,

commenced, prosecuted or proceeded on for any such Penalty or Forfeiture, or for the Condemnation of any such Goods or Commodities, by reason or in consequence of the Expiration of any such Certificate, or by reason or in consequence of such Certificate not being delivered up, or not being renewed in manner required by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year, unless Notice shall have been given by some Officer of Excise to the Holder of such Certificate Six Days at the least previous to the filing of any such Information,

4 or the commencing of such Suit or Prosecution, requiring such Holder to renew such Certificate, or to deliver up the same as the case may require, and to take out a new or other Certificate pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year; any thing in the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding Be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, repealed, so mtich of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid as is herein recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the For- Proviso for tieth Year, whereby such Penalties and Forfeitures are imposed, shall be put in Force and Execution in manner 4^ <3. 3. (I.) directed by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year; any thing in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year c* to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person licensed to fell Spirits in any Sprits of lets manner to fend or deliver out under any Permits any Spirits which shall be of a less Degree of Strength than PeSTce of the Strength at which such Person shall have received the fame; and if any such Person shall so fend or deliver length, re* out under Permit any Spirits which shall be of a less Strength than as aforesaid, all such Spirits which shall be ceived, not lent so sent out or delivered shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise; and every out.

such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits made or distilled \n Ireland, nor any Cask or Package Three \er Cent,

containing any such Spirits, shall be forfeited or liable to Seizure for or by reason of any Excess or Defi- abov€ or bel°w ciency of Strength of such Spirits, not more than Three per Centum above or below the Strength of such a*"

Spirits specified in any such Permit or Certificate; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise owe notwithstanding.

XXI. Alid^ be it further enacted, That if any Permit which shall be sent with any Exciseable Goods to j^ot lodging any Dealer in or Retailer of Exciseable Goods, shall not be lodged with the proper Officer within the respective permits with times limited and appointed by Law, every such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit for all such Goods and Com- Officer within moditics named in such Permit or Permits, the respective Sums and Penalties herein after mentioned; that is ome limited, to say, for every Gallon of Wine, Brandy, or other Foreign Spirits, or Spirits made in Ireland, the Sum of 1>enatlCii*

Ten Shillings \ for every Pound Weight of Tobacco or Snuff the Sum of Ten Shillings; and for every Barrel

of Malt the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint or Information shall be had or prosecuted Duplicate of against any Person or Persons for or on Account of the obtaining or procuring, or causing to be obtained or Permits or Cer-procured any Permit pr Certificate, or for or on Account of the not returning or delivering up any Permit tificates admitted or Certificate, or for or on Account of any Act, Matter or Thing, in any manner relating to or concerning asEv, dence.

55 Geo. III. Q q any

298

Conveying, &c. Spirits for which Duty not paid.

[Penalty.]

Officer giauting Peimit.

[Penalty.]

Onus probandi.

Rcflified Spirits sent out in Quantities not less than.Two Gallons.

54 G. 3. c. 120. $ 15-

Unlicensed Persons ex poling to Sale Caudles or Soap.

Penalties.

Maker of Bottles to make Entry in manner herein mentioned.

Regulations as to Notices.

Returns made of Duties omitted to he charged.

C. 104. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

any Permit or Certificate) whenever it may be necessary to prove the granting or issuing of any such Permit or Certificate, the Duplicate of such Permit or Certificate respectively shall in all cases be deemed and taken and shall be admitted as Evidence, that such Permit or Certificate was granted and issued to the Person or Persons, and from the Person mentioned therein without producing or requiring the Production of the original Permit or Certificate which had been granted to such Person or Persons; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Spirits diitilled in Inland, and upon which the full Duties payable by Law shall not have been paid, secured or satisfied, shall be conveyed or delivered to any Person or Persons, or shall be found passing, or in the Course of Conveyance or Delivery to or in the Custody or Poisession of any Person or Persons by virtue of or under pretext of any Permit or Permits, every Person who shall have obtained, or made use of such Permit, or in whose Name such Permit shall be granted, shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings British Currency, for every Gallon of Spirits mentioned in such Permit or Permits by virtue or under pretext whereof such Spirits shall have been conveyed, or shall be found passing, or in the Course of Conveyance, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person, and all such Spirits shall be forfeited and may be seized, together with the Calks or Vessels in which the same shall be contained 5 and every Officer of Excise who shall knowingly or willingly grant any Permit for the Conveyance of any such Spirits, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Britt/b Currency, and shall be disabled and disqualified for ever after upon Conviction for such Offence, from holding any Office or Place under His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Proof that all Duties have been paid, secured or satisfied on such Spirits shall lie on the Person to whom or in whose Name such Permit shall be granted--

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person in Inland, licensed to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or to compound Spirits or Strong Waters, to fell, send out or deliver any Spirits or Strong Waters rectified and prepared by them in Imitation of Brandy, Rum or other Foreign Spirits in any Quantity not less than Two Gallons 5 any thing in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend federal Acts relating to the Revenuesy Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Cu/loms and Port Dutieiy and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Candles and Soap or either of them shall be found exposed to Sale in the Possession of any Person, the same shall be conclusive Evidence that such Person is a Manufacturer thereof, and had manufactured the fame for Sale; and every such Person if not duly licensed to manufacture Candles and Soap or either of them for Sale, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties as Manufacturers of the fame for Sale without Licence are by Law subject and liable to, unless such Person shall make due Proof that the Candles or Soap which shall be so found were made by and received from some licensed Manufacturer thereof, and which Penalties shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the like manner to all Intents and Purposes as Penalties under the said recited Act are directed to be sued for, recovered and applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Bottles made of Common Bottle Metal in lien and instead of the Entry he is by Law required to make, shall once in every Month; that is to say, within Ten T)ays next after the Fifth Day of each Month, make a true Entry in Writing at the Excise Office for the District in which his, her or their Glass House shall be situate, of the Number of Bottles and the Denomination thereof, with respect to the Quantities of Liquor they shall be reputed to be capable of containing, made within such Month, ending on such Fifth Day of such Month respectively, under and subject to such Rules and Regulations, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Mode of Recovery thereof, as are contained in any Act or Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Bottles made of Common Bottle Metal in Ireland, with respect to any Entry required to be made by any such Maker of Bottles under the Provisions of the said Act or Acts.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons subject and chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise, payable to His Majesty in Ireland, shall give or serve, or cause to be given or served, any Notice or Notices for any of the Purposes for which any such Person or Persons is or are, or shall be by Law required to give a Notice or Notices, every such Notice and Notices given or served upon any of the Persons upon whom by Law the fame ought to be given or served, shall according to the true Meaning and Import of such Notice or Notices, be taken to be good and effectual, as against the Person or Persons only who shall have given or served, or caused to be given or served the fame, although such Notice or Notices shall not be in the Form or shall not have been given or served on all the Persons or within the time or times by Law directed, prescribed, limited or appointed for giving or serving the fame, and upon the Trial of any Information, or any other Proceeding relating to or in any manner touching or concerning any such Notice or Notices, it shall not be competent to or for such Person or Persons to allege any Imperfection or Defect in the Form of or in the giving or serving of any such Notice or Notices.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers of Excise shall at anytime have neglected or omitted, or shall at any time neglect or omit, to make a Return pursuant to the Provisions of any Act or Acts in force or to be in force in Ireland, against any Person or Persons chargeable with or liable to any Duty or Duties of Excise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers or for any other Officer or Officers of Excise, and he and they are respectively required to report the same to the said Commissioners of Excise; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby required to give Notice to such Person or Persons of the Amount of the Duty omitted to have been returned by reason of such Neglect or Omission, and if such Person or Persons shall not within One Calendar

9f Month

c.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 104, 105. 299

Month next after such Notice shew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners why such Person or Persons should not be charged with and pay the Amount of the Duty so omitted to have been returned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to order a Return to be made by any such Officer or Officers to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District within which such Person or Persons shall then be licensed, to carry on his, her or their Trade or Business, of the Amount of such Duty, and shall return a Surcharge on such Person or Persons; and if such Person or Persons shall not upon Demand or within Ten Days next after such Demand, pay the full Amount of such Duty, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds together with a Sum equal to double Penalty, the Amount of such Duty, provided that no such Return shall be a Charge on such Person or Persons unless it shall have been made and the Amount thereof demanded within Nine Calendar Months after the Expiration of the time within which such Return so omitted to have been made, ought to have been made.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be raised, Penalties, &c. levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied in such Manner, and under such Powers and Autho- how lcvied» See. rities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling 14 & 15 Car, a. the Excise or ne*u> Impofi upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein W Seflr.4. c. 8. inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 46 G-3- lo6r to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under thee* Management of the Commissioners of Customs (ind Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in and by any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted with the like remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and AppetL by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Gharlts the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the Ex- Commencement

piration of Ten Days next after the passing thereof, and not so oner. of

CAP. CV.

An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS in consequence and by reason of the Alteration which has been made, in respect of the

Duration of Licences to any Person or Persons to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to Tan Leather

in Ireland, by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certain buties Ante, c. if*

of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences; and to 1 secure the Payment of such Excise Duties and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland 5 it is expedient to provide for regulating, in manner herein after mentioned, the charging of any Tanner of Hides and Skins with Bark, who shall take out any Licence to be in

force after the Twenty ninth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Session of Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That every Tanner of Hides and Skins with Bark, who shall take out any such Licence between the Twenty Manner of ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand charSin8 Dut7 eight hundred and sixteen, shall be charged with and pay Duty for a Quantity of tanned Hides and Skins j

according to the whole Amount of the Number of Cubic Feet contained in all the Pits (except Lime Pits, cen "/tetwee* Masterins and Water Pools, for simple Water) used in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards, or other Sept. 29.1815, Place or Places whatever, called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Vessels Used with or containing and Jan. 5. Bark; that is to say, every such Tanner shall be charged with and pay a Duty within such Period ending the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, at the Rate of Nine pence by the Year, for and in respect of each and every Cubic Foot contained in all the Pits in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards, or other Places called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Places in which Bark is used, without making any Allowance whatever for the Contents of any Pits called Latches; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make Monthly Returns to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Tan Yard shall be situated, of the Duty at the Rate aforesaid; that is to say, such Officer or Officers shall monthly, within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of the respective Months of November and December One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, make a Return of One Twelfth Part of the whole Amount of the Sum which such Tanner is by this Act chargeable with, in respect of the whole Number of Cubic Feet in his or her aforesaid Pits, and such Return shall be a Charge on every Tanner against whom the same shall be made and returned, and shall be received as and for the Amount of the Duty payable by Weight and Tale on Hides and Skins tanmed with Bark only, and every such Tanner shall pay the Sum lo charged and returned: Provided always, that the Period between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the deemed Fifth Day of November shall be deemed a Calendar Month within the Meaning of this Act. Month

II. And be it further enacted, That every Tanner of Hides and Skins with Bark, who shall take out any Mannerof Licence to be in force adttv she find Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall, chaargin£ Duty

Q q % between

3°°

on Tanners taking out Li-cences after Jan. 5. 1816.

Tanners desirous of discomin-uing working of Pits (being not more than One Fourth of Number, &c.) 1 allowed to do so, subject to Regulations of 53 G. 3. c. 6o.

53 G. 3. c. 60. &c. extended to Atf.

Acts construed as One Act.

Ante, c. 19.

Manner of charging Duty on Faper Stainers taking out Licences between March 25.1815 and Jan.5. I 816

C. 105, 106. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

between the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and within every Year following ending on the Fifth Day of January, be charged with and pay Duty for a Quantity of tanned Hides and Skins according to the whole Amount of the Number of Cubic Feet contained in all the Pits (except Lime Pits, Masterins and Water Pooh for simple Water) in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards, or other Place or Places whatever, called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Vessels used with or containing Bark 5 that is to say, every such Tanner shall be charged with and pay a Duty at the Rate of Nine pence by the Year, in respect of each and every Cubic Foot contained in all the Pits in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards, or other Places called Vats, Handlers and LatchJs, or other Pits or Places in which Bark is used, without making any Allowance whatever for the Contents of any Pits called Latches; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make monthly Returns to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Tan Yard shall be situated of the Duty at the Rate aforesaid; that is to say, such Officer or Officers shall monthly within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Monti), make a Return of One Twelfth Part of the whole Amount of the Sum which such Tanner is by this Act chargeable with in respect of the whole Number of Cubic Feet in his or her aforesaid Pits within the Year, and such Return shall be a Charge on every Tanner against whom the same shall be made and returned, and shall be received as and for the Amount of the Duty payable by Weight and Tale on Hides and Skins tanned with Bark only; and every such Tanner shall pay the Sum so charged and returned,

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Tanner with Bark shall, at any time between the Fifth Day of May and the Fifth Day of October in any Year, be defirousto discontinue the working or using of any of the Pits or Vats in his or her Tan Yard, used with Bark (being not more than One Fourth of the Number of such Pits or Vats, nor more than the Number of Pits or Vats as shall contain One Fourth of the Number of Cubical Feet in the whole Number of such Pits or Vats), such Person (Kail be allowed so to do, under and subject to all the Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions and Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, in and by an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Collection of the Duties on Hides and Skins tanned or dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue therein, directed, required, appointed and inflicted in respect to the discontinuing the working or using of any Pits or Vats under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein re-enacted and applied to the discontinuing of the Work of any Tanner with Bark as aforesaid.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties,

Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery and Deduction of Duty, provided, mentioned, contained and allowed in and by the said last recited Act of the Fifty third Year, or in any other Act (a) or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Hides and Skins tanned in IreU, shall be applied and put in Practice in the suing for, collecting, recovering, levying, paying or allowing an? Duties chargeable against any Tanner under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Modes of Recovery and Deductions of Duty had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act and applied thereto, except so far as the same are altered by this Act 5 and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and a the said Acts arc altered by this Act. (a) [See 54 G. 3. c. 120. §6, 7.]

CAP. CVI.

An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Paper printed,

painted or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings and other Uses.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS in consequence and by reason of the Alteration which has been made in respect of the Duration of Licences to Persons to manufacture Paper Hangings in Ireland, by an Act made in 1 the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the c Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in E$cifcable Com-6 modities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences; and to secure the Payment of fad ' Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous*Liquors in Ireland; it is expedient to provide for regulating, in manner herein after mentioned, the charging 1 of every Paper Stainer in Ireland who shall have taken out or shall take out any such Licence to manufacture 1 Paper Hangings after the Twenty fifth Day. of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Paper Stainer who shall have taken out, or shall take out, any such Licence, to be in force between the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen and the fifth Day of h*.nuary One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall, for each and every Calendar Month within such Period, while any Table or Tables of such Paper Stainer shall be by Law chargeable, as working, be charged with, and pay for each and every such Table worked or used, or chargeable as aforesaid, not less than the Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four pence, as and for the Duty, according to the Number of Square Yards of printed, painted or stained Paper, which may be stamped, printed, painted or stained, at any such Table, within such Month: Provided always, that if the Duty chargeable by Measure on the Paper which shall be actually stamped, printed, painted or stained at such Table, within such Month, shall exceed the said Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four pence, then such Paper Stainer shall be charged with and pay

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 106. 301

such Excess of the Duty on all such Paper, according to the Measure thereof; and such Duties shall be charged and returned, and every such Paper Stainer shall pay the same, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, and subject to such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of 45 G. 3. c. 106. September One thousand eight hundred andfix, and amendfederal A3s, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or fiained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, or under any Act or Acts in force for continuing or amending the same, as if the said Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein enacted and applied to the said Duties, and the Payment thereof, in the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same are by the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, applied to the Duties and the Payment thereof in the said Act mentioned: Provided always, that the Period between the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight What deemed hundred and fifteen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be deemed a Calendar Calendar Month, within the Meaning of this Act. Month.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every Notice which shall be given by any Paper Stainer for com- Notices for commencing or recommencing to work at any time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred fencing ore-and sixteen, no other Day shall be mentioned than the Sixth Day of some Month in the Year; and that no

Paper Stainer shall commence or recommence working, except on such Sixth Day of such Month respectively; sixth Day of and that every Table shall be presumed to be kept regularly at work, from the Day mentioned in any Notice Month, and so to be given by any Paper Stainer for the commencing or recommencing to work, until such Working shall Day for discon-be duly discontinued according to Law; and that the Day mentioned in any Notice for so discontinuing or ^"5 10 be ceasing to work shall be the Fifth Day of some Month in the Year. Fl '

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hun- After Jan. j. dred and sixteen, in lieu and in (lead of the monthly and yearly Charges on Paper Stainers in Ireland, under 1816, instead of any Act or Acts in force, every such Paper'Stainer shall be charged in manner herein after mentioned and ex- pap^stainer*5* preffied; that is to say, every such Paper Stainer shall, for each and every Calendar Month while any Table charged with or Tables of such Paper Stainer shall be by Law chargeable as working, be charged with and pay for each and Duty in manner every such Table worked or used or chargeable as aforesaid, not less than the Sum of Four Pounds Three herein men-Shillings and Four pence, as and for the Duty, according to the Number of Square Yards of printed, painted t, oned*

or (tained Paper, which may be stamped, printed, painted or (tained at any such Table, within such Month:

Provided always, that if the Duty chargeable by Measure on the Paper which shall be actually stamped,

printed, painted or (tained, at such Table, within such Month, shall exceed the said Sum of Four Pounds Three

Shillings and Four pence, then such Paper Stainer shall be charged with and pay such Excess of the Duty on

all such Paper, according to the Measure thereof; and the Officer or Officers of Excise in charge of the Manu-

fadory of such Paper Stainer shall make Monthly Returns to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the

Collection of the District in which such Manufactory shall be situate, of the Sum of Money with which such

Paper Stainer is hereby chargeable 5 that is to say, such Officer or Officers shall Monthly within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Month make a Return of the Sum of Money with which such Paper Stainer is

hereby chargeable for such Period of One Calendar Month for and in respect of each and every such Table, and also of the Quantities, in Square Yards, of Paper actually printed, painted or (tained by such Paper Stainer

within such Period of One Calendar Month, and of the Duty thereon according to the Measure thereof; and

such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Stainer for such Calendar Month, and such Paper Stainer

shall pay the Duty, appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, within Fourteen

Days after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made; and every p»ty not paid.

Paper Stainer shall, for every Default in Payment of any such Duty, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to- A>cnahy-

gether with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Duty so returned and charged; and every such Officer Officer to leave

shall and is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, with every such Copy of Return

Paper Stainer, or at such Manufactory, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty rounds for every such Neglect or

Omission in so doing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Duty charged on any Paper Stainer in any One Year end- if Dutyshall not ing on the Fifth Day of January shall not amount to the full Sum of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings for amount to

and in respect of each and every Table for (lamping, printing, painting or (laining Paper Hangings, which shall 121.10s. for have been kept, or used, or worked by any such Paper Stainer at any time within the Year ending on the said Jable*for Fifth Day of January, then and in such case the Officer or Officers in charge of the Manufadorv of any such so*M^Year Paper Stainer shall within Ten Days after such Fifth Day of January make a Return to the Collector of Excise ending 5th Jan. or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Manufactory shall be situate, of such Return of Dcfi-Sum of Money for and in respect of each such Table as with the Sums comprized in former Returns again (I ciency made to such Paper Stainer in the Year ending on such Fifth Day of January shall amount to the full Sum of Twelve CoUe&or, to be Pounds and Ten Shillings for and in respect of each and every such Table kept, or used, or worked by any p^peVltainers such Paper Stainer at any time within such Year; and such Return shall be a Charge on such Paper Stainer, ^who shall pay the Sums appearing by such Return to have been incurred and become due within Seven Days after such Return, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal Penalty, to double the Amount of the Sums which shall be so returned.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Charge by this Act directed to be made against any Paper Duty how Stainer, and the Duty in respect thereof shall be made and returned by the Officer, and the said Duty lev, cd*

shall be paid by the Paper Stainer in such manner and under and subject to such Rules, ' Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovejy thereof, as are contained in the said recited Act of the

Forty fifth Year aforesaid, for regulating and feouring the Duties of Paper printed, painted or llained in 45G«3« c. 106. Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Duties on such Paper, so far as the if fame

J01

Lord Lieutenant empowered to appoint Governors of Lunatic Afykim.

Governors a Corporation, Sec. may make Bye-Laws.

Governors to obey Orders of Lord Lieutenant.

Governors may appoint Housekeepers, See. and (with Confeut of Lord Lieutenant) Physirians, See. and pay them out of Funds of Asylum. Governors may remove, &c. Officers.

Asylum empowered to receive Gifts and Bequests of Land.

Three Governors a Quorum.

Asylum already built, and Materials and Money, &c. in Poflcssion of House of Industry, vested in and delivered over to Governors of Asylum.

House of Industry to account before Auditors

C. 106, 107. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

fame are confident and compatible with each other, fate and except such Rules and Regulations as are expressly altered by this A dt; and that all such Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, so far as the same are confident and compatible with each other, and (except as aforesaid) shall be applied in the charging, levying, collecting and recovering all such Duties as fully and efiedtually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to regulate the Appointment of Governors of the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS k hath been found necessary to build and erect, in the City of Dublin, an Asylum or«W Hospital for the Reception and Management of Lunatic Patients s And Whereas the building of such Asylum hath been begun and proceeded on, under the Care and Direction of the Governors of the House of Industry in DubHn9 ana hath been and is called and known by the Name of "The Richmond Lunatic

Asylum and divers Sums, for or towards such Building, have been included in the Estimates returned to

Parliament by or from the said Governors, and have accordingly been included in the Grants from time to

time made to the said Governors; and it is expedient that the said Asylum or Hospital should be from < henceforth under the Care of separate and distinct Governors* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant; or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint any Persons, not exceeding fifteen in Number, to be Governors of the said Asylum; and from time to time to fill up all Vacancies which shall happen in the said Body, by whatever means, and to appoint new Governors; but so as that the Number of such Governors shall not at any one time exceed Fifteen, and from time to time to remove any of the said Governors at his or their Will and Pleasure.

II. And be h farther enacted, That the said Governors shall be a Corporation in Deed and in Name, and shall have perpetual Succession in manner aforesaid, and shall be called u The Governors of the Rubmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin" and shall have a Common Seal, and shall have full Power to make Bye-Laws for the Regulation, Direction and Management of themselves, and of the said Asylum and of the Patients therein, and of all and every Physicians, Surgeons, Apothecaries, Housekeepers, Nurletenders, and other Attendants, Officers and Servants, of what Nature or Description Soever, of or belonging to the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Governors shall obey all lawful Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland> signified to them by the Chief Secretary, or, in his AbSence, by the Under Secretary for the Civil Department.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors from time to time, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint such and so many Housekeepers, Nursetenders, and other Attendants, Officers and Servants, in and for the said Asylum, as may seem fitting and proper; and that it shall also be lawful for the said Governors from time to time, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint such and so many Medical Attendants for the said Asylum as may seem fitting and proper, and with such Consent and Approbation to direct and pay out of such Funds as shall be at their Disposal, to all and every £he Person and Persons so appointed as aforesaid, whether as Physicians, Surgeons or Apothecaries, or as Housekeepers, Nursetenders, or otherwise, such yearly or other Sums as they shall think reasonable; and it shall be lawful for the said Directors to suspend or remove at their Pleasure any of the said Persons.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to an<i for the said Governors from time to time to take and receive, by Gift, Grant, Devise or other Conveyance of what nature or kind soever, for the Use of the said Asylum, and for or towards defraying the several Expences thereof, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditament8 in Ireland\ not exceeding in the whole the yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds at the time of so acquiring the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Three such Governors may do and perform any thing required to be done by the said Governors under this Act, as fully and effectually as all the said Governors mig^it do if personally present; and that the Majority of Governors assembled at any Meeting at which not less than Five shall be present, shall have full Power to do all Acts which all the Governors duly assembled would be competent to do.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the said Building and all Ground and Soil thereto belonging or therewith intended to be used, occupied or enjoyed, shall be and remain vested in the said Governors and their Successors for ever, together with all Materials thereon; and that all Sums granted as aforesaid to the Governors of the House of Industry, and not actually paid or expended on, in or towards the building or erecting 6f such Asylum, or procuring Ground or Materials for the fame, shall be forthwith paid over and delivered to the Governors of the said Asylum, by the Governors of the said House of Industry 5 and that all and every Materials, Matters and Things, for the purchasing or procuring of which Credit shall be claimed by the Governors of the said House of Industry, and which shall not have been actually used, applied or expended in or for the fame, shall also be forthwith delivered in like manner to the Governors of the said Asylum, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same 5 and for that Purpose the said Governors of the House of Industry shall forthwith account, before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Iceland, for all and every Sum and Sums heretofore

granted

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 107, 108. 303

granted to them as aforesaid, or otherwise, for or on Account of the said Asylum, and which shall not have been of Public Ac-duly accounted for at some time before the Commencement of this Act. counts.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Governors of the House of Industry shall have con- On Certificate trafted any Debts to Workmen, or otherwise, for or on account of the said Asylum, which shall remain unpaid, of Auditors, they shall Rate the fame in passing their said Accounts; and if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that Asylum liable to the lame were fairly incurred for the Benefit or Purposed of the said Asylum, they shall certify the fame at the

Foot of such Account, and thereupon the said Corporation so created under this Act shall be liable to pay Asylum.*5

the fame, in like manner as the said Governors of the said House of Industry would have been; and from the ligning of such Certificate, the said Governors of the House of Industry shall be altogether freed and discharged therefrom.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Governors of the said Asylum shall once in every Year, at such Governors of times as they shall be required by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland* well and Asylum toac-truly account before the said Commissioners, for all and every Sum and Sums of Money received and paid f^AudYtors?*" by them, for or on Account of the said Asylum in any manner whatsoever, or from any Person, or out of any Fund whatsoever, whether Public or Private.

X. And be it enacted, That if it shall be or be deemed necessary at any time hereafter to enlarge the Building, &c. of Building of the said Asylum, or the Out Offices thereof, or the Ground fit or necessary to be enjoyed there-

with, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors, with the Consent ^fi^rd Lieute-and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by Warrant under nanu Hand and Seal, but not otherwise, to make such Enlargement or Extension accordingly, by and with such Funds and Means as they may then have for that Purpose 5 and for that Purpose to take and receive, by Gift,

Grant, Devise or otherwise, such Ground as may be necessary, and as may be described in such Warrant of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* which shall or may be over and above such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed in this present Session Act amended,

of Parliament. &c*

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every Clause and Matter therein shall] commence Commencement and begin to have Effect from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing thereof, of

and not sooner.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion $ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* in time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And Whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe* and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of One hundred and ninety thousand seven hundred and sixty seven effective Officers and Men, exclusive of His Majesty's Forces employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, the Foreign Corps in British Pay, and the embodied Militia: And Whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person who is or shall be Commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or wno is or shall be Lifted or in Pay as a Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to has Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress or Post, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame; or shall speak Words, or use any other means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy; or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved; or shall be found sleeping on his Post 5 or shall hold Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall strike or ule any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer 5 or shall desert His Majesty's Service 5 all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other

of

Number of Forces 190, 767.

Officer or Private Man during Conti* nuance of Act, deferring, &c.

found sleeping upon his Pell, &c.

striking or dil-obeying iupciior Officer.

3°4

Death.

Soldiers enlisted in other Regiment, &c. deemed Deserters.

Death.

Deserter* enlisting in other Regiments, &c. Punishment.

Provisofor Men chimed.

Notice.

Defer ter transported;

returning before Expiration of Term.

Death.

His Majesty, where Courts Martial award Capital Punishment, may order Offenders to be transported.

Death.

Deserter sentenced to serve as a Soldier in any Corp;

Deserter en-Istled for a limited Term, sentenced to serve for Life,

Mark affixed on Body ot Del'er-ters.

Sentence of Transportation, $tc. notified by

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 18xs.

of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall desert His Majesty's Service, shall be exempt from the Pains and Penalties imposed by this Act for such Offence, by again enlisting into His Majesty's Service 5 but any such Soldier shall, notwithstanding such subsequent Enlistment, be deemed to have deserted His Majesty's Service, and shall in like manner suffer Death, or such other Punidunent as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

III. And Whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Soldiers, who of Right belong to Corps from which they have deserted, may be proceeded against and tried for deserting any other Corps in which they may after-

wards have enlisted, or from His Majesty's Service, if they shall not after such subsequent enlisting have been

placed in any Corps, or for any Crime committed by them whilst serving therein; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Soldier shall be liable to be tried by a Court Martial, and punished in like manner as if he had originally enlisted in, and of Right belonged to the Regiment, Corps, Troop, Company, Detachment or Party, in which he shall be at the time of any subsequent Desertion, or committing any Offence, notwithstanding it shall have been discovered or known that he had previously belonged to some other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and had not been discharged therefrom: Provided always, that if such Person shall be claimed by such other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and be proceeded against as a Deserter therefrom, his subsequent Desertion from any One or more Corps in which he may have unwarrantably enlisted, may (unless he shall already have been tried for the fame) be given in Evidence as an Aggravation of his Crime; previous Notice being always given to such Deserter of the Fa& or Fadls intended to be produced in Evidence upon his Trial.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in case of any Non Commissioned Officer, or Soldier, tried and convicted of Desertion, whensoever the Court Martial which shall pass Sentence upon such Trial shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court Martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Punishment, adjudge the Offender according to the Nature of the Offence, if they shall think fit, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for a certain Ter/h of Years: And if such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, having been adjudged to be transported as a Felon shall afterwards [without Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported) return into or be found at large, without I^eave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Possessions Abroad, other than the Place to which he shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the ordinary course of Law, every such Person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

V. Provided, and be it enacted, That in all cases wherein a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a Court Martial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to His Majesty shall seem meet; and if the Person so transported, in pursuance of such Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards [without Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported) return into or be found at large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Pof-sessions Abroad, other than the Place to which he shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the* Term limited by such Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General or General Regimental Court Martial to sentence any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, convicted of Desertion by such Court, to general Service as a Soldier, and that His Majesty may thereupon direct that such Service shall be in any Regiment or Regiments, or Corps, and in any Country, or Place or Places, Abroad or otherwise, as He may think fit.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier in any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces, so convicted of Desertion, shall appear to have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, it shall be lawful for such Court to sentence any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier so enlisted in any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces to serve for Life as 3 Soldier, or for any Number of Years beyond the Period for which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have enlisted in the Regiment in which he so enlisted, or generally in any Regiment or Corps which His Majesty shall please to direct; and any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier may in any case, in addition to any Service, be further adjudged to forfeit all Benefit or Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension or Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his Service.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Court Martial, before which any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be tried and convicted of Desertion, to direct, if it shall so think fit, in addition to any other Punishment (\ich Court may award for any such Desertion, that such Deserter be marked on the left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D.) such Letter not to be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous and not liable to be obliterated.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall intend any Sentence of a Court Martial of Transportation to be carried into Execution, or shall be graciously pleased to extend His Mercy, upon Condition of Transportation, to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a

Court

A.D. 1815. 5s' GEORGII III. C. 108.

Court Martial, such Sentence, together with His Majesty's Pleasure upon the fame, shall be notified in Writing by the Commander in Chief for the time being of His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain, or in the Absence of the Commander in Chief, then by the Adjutant General for the time being, to any Justice of the King's Bench, Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif; and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon the fame, as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders* and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned (a), with respect to Offenders in such A A mentioned, tried at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, as in the said Act mentioned; and such Order and Orders so to be made as aforesaid, and all such Acts as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual and have all the fame Consequences as any Order made under the Authority of the said Act with respect to any Offender in the said Act mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant whom it may concern, and all Conilables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Act; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid, shall be subject respectively to all and every the Provision and Provisions made by Law, and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving His Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation. (a) [Repealed, post. r. 156. $1.]

X. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Baron who shall make any such Order as aforesaid, under any such Notification of His Majesty's Pleasure as aforesaid, shall direct the said Notification, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of The Crown of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and to be there kept of Record; and the said Clerk of The Crown shall receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more, for filing the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of The Crown of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench shall, upon the Application of any such Offender who shall be ordered by His Majesty to be transported as aforesaid, or of any other Person applying on his behalf, or on the Application of any Person on behalf of His Majesty, deliver a Certificate in Writing under his Hand (not taking for the fame more than Two Shillings and Six pence), containing an Account of the Christian Name and Surname of such Offender, of his Offence, of the Place where the Court was held, before whom he was convicted, and of the Terms and Conditions on which His Majesty's Order for such Offender's Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court, and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to enquire into the same.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Sentence of Transportation passed by any Court Martial holden in the East Indies or in His Majesty's Settlements of the Cape of Good Hop? or Ceylon or in any Settlement occupied by His Majesty's Forces beyond the Cape of Good Hope, is to be carried into Execution, or Mercy shall be extended to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of any such Court Martial, upon Conditition of Transportation, the same shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in Chief His Majesty's Forces in India or at the Cape of Good Hope* or in the Island of Ceylon* or at any other Foreign Settlement, Island, Territory or Country belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in the Absence of the Officer commanding in Chief, then by the Adjutant General for the time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature of the Presidencies of Fort William* Fort Saint George or Bombay* or the Chief Justice or other Judge at the Island of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope* or any such other Settlement, Island, Territory or Country respectively as aforesaid, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon the fame, as any such Judge is authorized to make or do with respect to Offenders ordered to be transported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts in India* and the Governor and Council of such Presidency, or Governor of such Settlement, Island, Territory or Country respectively shall, and they are hereby required to take Order for the Transportation of all such Offenders accordingly.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender under Sentence of Death by a Court Martial as aforesaid, shall obtain His Majesty's conditional Pardon as aforesaid, all and every the Laws now in force, touching the Escape of Felons under Sentence of Death, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting or assisting in any Escape, or intended Escape of any such Offender, or contriving any such Escape from the time when such Order shall be made by such Justice or Baron as aforesaid, and during all the several Proceedings which shall be had for the Purposes aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That His Majesty may, from time to time, grant a Commission, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts Martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like manner as has been heretofore used 5 and that His Majesty may likewise, from time to time, by His Royal Commission, empower the Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland* the Governor of Gibraltar, and the Governor of any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, or the

55 Geo. III. Rr Person

3«5

Commander in Chief or Adjutant General to any Justice of K. B. &c. who shall make Order for Transporta. tion as by 24 G. 3. Sess. a. c. 56. §5.

Such Notification, &c. filed in Office of Clerk of The Crown. Fee.

Who shall on Application deliver Certificate of Conviction.

Sentence of Transportation in India, See. notified by Officer commanding in Chief to some Judge of One of Supreme Courts* who shall make Order for Transportation

Offenders under Sentence of Death obtaining conditional Par. don, subject to Laws of Escape, & c.

King may grant Commission fur holding Count Martial,

30.6 C.»p8. 55" GEORG.il III. A.D1815.

P^ripn or Perijoi)8 tjhere commanding in chief His Majesty's Forces, for the tixpne being, and may also from time to time extend nis Roysd Warrant to the Commander of the Forces in that Part of the said United Kingdom cabled Ireland, and to any General or otter Officer having the Command of a Body of His Majesty's Forces withip the United Kingdiom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, or to the General or other Officer commanding such Body of Forces for the time being, empowering them respectively to appoint General Courts Martial, as well as to authorize any Officer under their, respective Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts Martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of their Forces under their several Command, whether the same shall have been so committed before or after such General Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command; all which Courts Martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their proceedings according to the several Provisions herein after specified.

Second Time for

XV. Provided always, and, be it hereby declared and enacted, That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted fame Offence. 0j. conyi<£ed of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second time by the fame or any other Court Martial for tfye fame Offence, unless in the case of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court Martial; and that: qo Sentence given by any Court Martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be reviled more than once.

Ordinary Pro- XVI. Provided- always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to exempt any ceedmgs. Officer or Soldier whatsoever, frony being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law.

Persons accused

XVII. Provided alfp, That if any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall be accused of any of Capital Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Per foil, Ellate or Property of any of His Majesty's livere^over toC" which is punishablq by the known Laws of the Land, the Commanding Officer and Officers of

Civil Ma?iilraie, every Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours &c. " to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial; and if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over apy such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offenders; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, upon apy Information or Ipdidment in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland or in Dublin, shall be deemed and taken to be tpfo fado. cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or, Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or ip His Majesty's Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, if such Con vision shall be iu Great Britain, or to the Judge Advocate in Dublin, if such Con vision shall be in Ireland

Persons acquit-

XVIII. Provided also, That no Person or Persons, being acquitted or convicted of any Capital Crimes, ted, &c. by Civil Violences or Offence^, by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punched by a Court Martial for the fame, 22SST other wif, thaobycafhiering.

Officers and Sol

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall be

dierslmprisoned" and committed tp Prison upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, shall receive any Part of his Pay from

upon Charge of the Day of such Commitment till the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he

Criminal Of- shall belong; provided that if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, he shall upon

fence, to receive his Return to his Corps be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the time of COTfinemen"8 W$ Confinement; but if he shall be .convicted he shall forfeit all Right to any Pay. from the Day of his Combat if acquitted nwtment during the time of his Confinement as .well under the original Commitment as under any Commitment entitled to Ar- consequept upon such Conviction, and until the Day. of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to rears at return which he shall belong: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, to andr^ or if i*1 Inland the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, to ftit Pa^ durin or<^er the Issue and Payment, to any such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, during any fuqh Com-Confinement, ng mitment or Imprisonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any such Officer-, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or of any Proportion of such Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during such Commitment or Imprisoqmpnt, or after the Discharge of fudi Officer, Non Coramiflipned Officer or Soldier, after Conviction, or otherwise, as shall appear to the Secretary of War, or if in Ireland to such Chief or Under Secretary as aforesaid, to be proper, and the Order of the Secretary at War, or such Chief or Under Secretary in Ireland as the case may require, for the Payment of such Pay or Arrears shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment.

General Court

XX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all General Courts Martial held under the Autho-

M^rtial, b^um- rity Of this Act shall consist of Thirteen or Nine Commissioned Officers, as the case, may require^except the

ber of Members, shall be holden upon, any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier of His Majesty's Forces,

which shall be serving in aqy Place, beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to thz East Indies; in which

cases any General Court Martial may consist of any Number not leis than Severn, and except the same shall be

holden in Africa or in New South Wales, in which. Places such General Courts Martial may consist of any Number not less than Five; of whom none shall be under the Degree of a Commissioned Officer; nor shall the President of any General Court Martial be the Officer commanding in Chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

In what case

XXI. Provided always, and be it further eoaded, That it shall be lawful for any General or other Officer

General* or commanding any Station, or commanding any Division, Brigade, Detachment ordiftiod Party belonging to any

Army

A.D. 1815. 55° g£6r&ii m. c.ib8:

Army of His Majesty, which: mar at any time be fenring in any Place beyond the Seas blit ot His Mrijefey'i Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences done or committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or resident in any such Countries by any Non CoihiAiffidned Officer, Soldier or other Person serving with or belonging to His Majesty's Armies in the Field, being Under the immediate Command of any such General or other Officer, to summon and cause to assemble a General Churt Martial which shall consist of not less than Three Officers at the least for the Purpose of trying any such Person or Persons accused or suspebled of having committed any such Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences as aforesaid, notwithstanding such General or other Officer shall not have received from His Majesty, or from any Person having His Majesty's Authority in that behalf, any Warrant or Warrants empowering such General or other Officer to summon or assemble Courts Martial, and every such Court Martial shall have Power to try any such Person or Persons so accused or suspebled as aforesaid, and to adjudge any such Person or Persons to fritter any such Punishment as shall be prescribed for any Crime or Crimes* Offence or Offences with which any such Person or Persons shall be charged before such Court Martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court Martial shall be executed until the General commanding in chief the Army of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment or Party to which any Person so tried, conribled and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong, shall have approved and confirmed the fame: Provided also, that every such Court Martial shall have such and the fame Powers for ftfmmoning and examining Witnesses 5 and Witnessetf guilty of Perjury, on Examination before them, shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties and Pqnishments as are or shall be by any X, 4w. or Usage in force in relation to any other Court Martial or to any Witnesses examined before any other Court Martial.:

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no General Court Martial for the Trial of any Officer (except the same shall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Molly's Dominions, and put of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa or New South Wales), shall consist of less than Thirteen Members.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ggneifel Court Martial, consisting of ainyjefs Number than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, unless holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England^ trading to the East Indies, or in Africa or New South Wales as aforesaid, shall (entencO any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to Loss of Life or Limb, or Transportation.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such General Courts Martial, by their Sentence or Judginerit, to inflibl Imprisonment, Solitary or otherwise, or Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as such Court shall think fit, on any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier for Immoralities, Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, or to adjudge a Forfeiture of all Benefit or Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension which might otherwise have accrued to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his Service: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any General Regimental Court Martial to award such Forfeiture of Benefit or Advantage as to Increase of Pay or as to Pension as aforesaid.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General or other Court Martial to Sentence any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to Imprisonment in any House of Correction, Common Gaol or Public Prison, or in any other Place which such Court may deem fit and convenient for that Purpose; and all Gaolers and Keepers of such Houses of Correction or Prisons shall receive into their Custody, and keep in Confinement for such tiirtfe as they shall be respectivety required so to do, or until discharged, any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier who may have been fbntenced to Imprisonment by any General or other Court Martial, and shall provide a proper Place for the Confinement of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, according to the Sentence of such Court during the .Period*-of his Imprisonment upon receiving an Order, in Writing, from the Commanding Officer of the District withitt which such General Court Martial shall have been held, or from the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Corps to Which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier so tried by any Regimental Court Martial as aforesaid shall belong; and every such Gaoler or Keener of any such House of Correction shall, upon receiring atty Order in Writing, from any such Commanding Officer as aforesaid, deliver any such Non Commiflibped Officer or Soldier to any Person, on producing such Order, although the Period for which he wUs originally font to such Gaol or House of Cof-reblibn shall not have expired; and every Gaoler and Keeprir of a House of Correction or Prison, who shall refuse to receive and to confine any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier in mariner as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to bb recovered by Action of Debt dr Information for the Use of His Majesty.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier teiitenced to Imprii fonment by any General or other Court Martial shall forfeit all'Rijght tb ahy Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the time of such Imprisonment 5 and also, that dunrig the Continuance of any Imprisobment in any Gaol or House of Correction, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison pr. House of Correction in Great Britain, and in Ireland the Inspector Under whose immediate Inspe'bilon such House of Correction, Gaol or Prison shall be, shall receive and apply in the Maintenance of fbefi Ndfi Cdinmifliohed Officer or Soldier the Sum of Nine pence per Diem out of the Subsistence of such Nori Commissioned Officer or Soldier during the time that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall continue ifi Custody, which said Sum the Secretary at War in Great Britain, and in Ireland the Chief Secretary td thfe Ibrd Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, is hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid to the said Gaoler or Keeper, or Inspector respectitfely aft aforesaid, upoir receiving an Application in Writing signed by any Justice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol, Prison

R r a or

3°7

other Officers commanding Stations abroad may summon General Courts Martial

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Perjury.

General Courts Martial (Exception) not to con-fid of less than -13 Members.

No General Court Martial to sentence Soldier to Loss of Life, Sec.

General Courts Martial may in-flict Corporal Punishment or Imprisonment, See. for Immoralities, Sic,

[Proviso.]

General or other Courts Martial may sentence Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers to ImprHonment ilk House of Correction or Gaol, &c.

Gaolers refusing to receive De-Jerters.

[Penalty.]

In what case Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers to forfeit Pay. Allowance £0, Gaolers, &c.

3°B

Prorifo.

Courts Martial may administer Oath to Wit-pefles.

Officers sworn.

Oaths taken by all Members of General Court Martial.

Judge Advocate

sworn.

Oath.

In Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers to concur, atc*

Hours of Trial.

Witnesses attending Courts Martial privileged from Arrest.

Witnesses not attending attached.

Proceedings An Trials by Courts Martial other than General Courts Martial.

Oaths taken by Members of Courts Martial.

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

or House of Correction shall be locally situate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the said Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier was confined: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, or for such Chief Secretary as aforesaid, or in his Absence for the Under Secretary for the Military Department for the time being, it he should think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment, in any Gaol, House of Correction or Place of Military Confinement.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all General and other Courts Martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereby authorized to administer the same); that is to say,

VOU shall well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter now before you.

4 So help you GOD/

J A* B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better

Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affec-

tion; and if any Doubts shall arise (which is not explained by the said Articles, or 'Ad or Parliament)

according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like cases: And I

further (wear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or by some Person duly authorized by Him 5 neither will I, upon any Account, at any time whatsoever, dif-

close or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court Martial, in a due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD.

And so soon as , the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

I A.B. do swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote«or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as«a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court Martial, in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such case by any General Court Martial, unless Nine Officers present shall concur therein (except such General Court Martial shall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa, or in New South Wales as aforesaid); and in all cases where a Court Martialjshall conuft of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa and in New South Wales as aforesaid, when the same shall consist of a lesser Number of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two thirds at the least of the Officers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest in like manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any such Witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such Arrest by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested; or if the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, according as the case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit in a summary way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from, or attending upon such Court Martial; and that ail Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who mail not attend on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Courts of King's Bench, or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, in like manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by any Courts Martial, other than General Courts Martial, which shall be held by virtue of this Act, or of any Articles of War established by His Majesty in pursuance thereof, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists (which Oaths shall and may be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member, having first taken the said Oaths); that is to say,

VOU shall well and truly try and determine, according to yoyr Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD/

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 108. 309

I A.B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament nowin force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or

Affection; and if any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles, or A & of Parliament,

according to my Conscience* the bell of my Understanding and the Cullom of War in the like cases.

'So help me GOD.

And the President of $very such Court Martial (not being under the Rank of a Captain) shall be appointed Appointment of by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Detachment or Brigade, or the Governor or Copimander of Prefi<, ent» the Garrison, Fort, Castle or Barrack, directing such Court Martial.

XXX. And Whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particularly in such Matters wherein any of His Majesty's Marine Forces may be interested, that Officers of the Marine Should be associated with Officers of the Land Forces, for the Purpose of holding Courts Martial; Be it enacted and declared, That when Officers of Land and as often as it may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of the Land and Marine Forces and Marine to fit in Conjunction upon Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of the £orc.cfi j£tm* m Land Forces in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts Martial were composed of Officers uilo^Court of the Land Forces only; and the Officers of the Land and Marine Forces are in such cases to take Rank Martial; Rank, according to the Seniority of their Commissions in either Service.

XXXI. Atid Whereas it may also be expedient, that Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, when employed in Conjunction with Officers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, Should in certain cases be associated for the Purpose of holding Courts Martial; Be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as there may be Occasion, it shall and maybe lawful for Officers Officers of of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of the Forces in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of Forces England trading to the East Indies, to lit in Conjunction at Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of 10 «s

any Officer or Soldier, in like manner to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts Martial were composed Service m«y fit of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces or of Officers in the Service of the said United Company only; in Conjunction with this Diltinction, that upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majesty's Land Forces, regard at Courts Mar-shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in pursuance of this Act; and the Oaths admi- t, a*» niftered to the several Members of the Courts Martial shall be in the Terms by this Act prescribed; and

upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the said United Company, regard shall be had

to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of 37 G.a. c. 9.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion

of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the Island of Saint Helena; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court Martial shall be in Terms prescribed by the same Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Party tried by any General Court Martial within entitled Europe (except in the Garrison of Gibraltar) shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of [en^Sd^Pro^" such Court Martial, upon Demand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his behalf

(he or they paying reasonably for the fame), at any time not sooner than Three Months after such Sentence; CourtMartiaL and in case of Trial by any General Court Martial at Gibraltar, at any time not sooner than Six Months after the Sentence given by such Court Martial 5 and in the case of Trials by any General Court Martial in His Majesty's other Dominions beyond the Seas, or m Foreign Parts, at any time not sooner than Twelve Months after the Sentence given by such Court Martial, whether such Sentences be approved or not 5 any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Proceedings, &c.

Person officiating as such at any General Court Martial do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as of Courts much Expedition as the Opportunity of time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and

Sentence of such Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in London, unlef3 such Court Martial lhaUhave Advocate* been appointed in Ireland, in which case they shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General for that Part of General, Ire. the United Kingdom in Dublin; and the said original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept

and preserved in their respective Offices, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to such Offices respectively, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and meaning of this Act.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That none of the Proceedings of any Stamp Duties General or Regimental Court Martial, nor any Entry or Copy thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever; any thing contained in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty

His Majesty to form, make and establish Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majesty's empowered Forces, which Articles shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, and in all Courts whatsoever. Wafrticlei

XXXVI. And, for the more effectual Notification thereof to the several Judges and Persona herein after Copies of Ar-mentioned, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Copies of all such Articles of War printed tides of War*by The King's Printer, shall, from time to time, as soon as conveniently may be after the kune shall have been transmitted to made and established by His Majesty, be transmitted by His Majesty's Secretary at War for the time being, Jud8w> signed with his own Hand and Name, to the Judges of His Majesty's Superior Courts at Westsmnfter,

Dublin and Edinburgh respectively, aind also to the Governors of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations and,

Territories abroad*

3lo

His Majesty to constitute and to anther ize others to convene Courts Martial.

None aljmbeJ of Life or 1.1mb but for Crimes expressed to he lb puu'rfhable.

Offenders I e-

yond Sea, &c. tried hue, &.e.

Mutters Twice a Year.

No Muller in Westminster, fee. but in Presence of Two or more Justices. Penalty.

Oath.

Muller Rolls* fee. verified on Oath, and attested by Magistrate without Fee.

Giving false Certificates to excuse Soldiers from Mutters-

[Penalty.]

Officers making falle Mutters, fee.

Cashiered.

Officers muster-ing Pei ibns by wron.Narae^. Penalties.

Persons offering themselves to I e lately m Jlered.

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for bringing Offenders against such Articles of War to Justice, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to ered and constitute Courts Martial as well as to grant His Royal Commissions or Warrants, to the Persons and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned and expressed, for convening and authorizing others to convene Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and to inflid Penalties by Sentence or Judgment of the fame, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as in His Majesty's Garrison of Gibraltar, and in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no Person shall, by such Articles of War, be subjededto any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Math or any of the Isles thereto belonging, for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by this Act; nor for such Crimes as are expressed to be so punishable, in any manner, or under any Regulations, which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Soldier shall in any of His Majesty'-s Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virtue of this Act, and shall after the Commission of such Offence go or be sent to any other Station or Part of His Majesty's Dominions in the Course of Service abroad, or come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man9 or the Islands thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court Martial for such Offence, such Officer or Soldier shall be tried and punished for the fame at such other Station or Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or within the Realm, or any such Island as aforesaid, as if the said Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

XL. And Whereas it is of essential Importance, as well to the due Observance of Public Economy, as to ' the Discipline of His Majesty's Forces, that they should be regularly mustered, and that the Musters should be taken with the strictest Accuracy and Exadnef*; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Musters shall be made, had or taken, of every Regiment, Troop or Company, in His Majesty's Service, Twice at the least in every Year, at such times as shall be appointed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Commissary shall muster any Regiment, Troop or Company, within; the City of Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, but in the Presence of Two or more Justicee of the* Peace, not being Officers of the Army, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of being discharged from his Office, unless such Justices, upon Forty eight Hours' Notice being given to Six of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace redding within the City and Liberties aforesaid respectively, shall neglect te attend such Muster; and in case of such Neglect, such Commissary may proceed to muster such Regiment, Troop or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within Forty eight Hours after such Muster taken, that such Notice was given to Six Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, which Justices so attending are hereby empowered to sign the said Muster Rolls, and to take Recognizance of such Muster, and to examine the Truth thereof before they sign the same.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Lifts which are required to be verified upon Oath, shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, who are hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath and attest the fame, without Payment of any Fee or Reward whatever in respect thereof, either to such Justice or Magistrate or the Clerk of any such Justice of Magistrate.

XLIII. And, for preventing of Fraud and Deceit in the mustering of Soldiers, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person do make or give, or procure to be made or given any false or untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster, or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, upon Pretence of such Soldier being employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or being Tick, in Prison, or on Furlough; then every such Person, so making, giving or procuring such Certificate, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Employment within this Realm, or in His Majesty's Service; and no Certificate shall excuse the' Absence of any Soldier but for the Reasons above mentioned or one of them.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, and every Commissary, Muster Master, or other Officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll, wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and also every Commissary, Muster Master, or other Officer, who shall directly or indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Gratuity, on or for the mustering any Regiment, Troop or Company, or on or for the signing of any Muster Rolls, or any Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court Martial, to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath), shall, for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service.

XLV. And it is .enabled, That if* any Officer or Commissary shall muster any Person by a wrong Name knowingly, upon Conviction thereof before a General Court Martial, the said Officer or Commissary shall suffer such Penalties, ami in such manner as is directed and inflicted by this Act upon those who shall make false Musters.

XLVL. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be falsely mustered, or offer.himself falsely or deceitfully to be mustered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath by Two Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, and 2 j* upon

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 108. 311

upon Certificate thereof in Writing, under the Hand of the Commissary of the Mutters, or Mutter Matters as aforesaid, made to such Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to comrfrit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of Ten Days: And if any Person shall ImprUbnment. wittingly or willingly lend or furnish any Horse to be muttered, which shall not truly belong to the Trooper or Horfts talfely Troop so muttered, the said Horse so falsely muttered shall be forfeited to the Informer if the fame doth belong ^.^eredfor" to the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse; or otherwise the Person lending or furnishing the said Horle e, t shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses, before some Justice of the Penalty.

Peace fofiding near to the Place where such Mutter shall be made 5 which Twenty Pounds shall be levied by Forfeiture how Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of levied* the Person so offending, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner: And in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction j then and in such case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or cause Imprisonment. such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice; and the said Forfeiture shall be Soldiers giving given or paid to such Person or Persons that shall give Information thereof; and the said Informer or In- !1, ^>r?t">n of formers, if belonging to the Service, shall have a Right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall entitled to D#ifc demand the fame. charge.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Great Britain the Deputy or Muster Rolls Deputies of the Commissary General shall, upon every Half-yearly Muster taken by him or them respectively Ten Miles dif-of any Regiment, Troop or Company, in His Majesty's Service at any Place Ten Miles distant from London, tam from Lon* close the Muster Rolls of the said Regiment, Troop or Company, within Twenty four Hours after such Muster Hours°afte*4 shall have been made; and shall return the Rolls so taken by the Post or other safe Conveyance, within Seven Muster and rc_ Days after their being closed, to the Office of the Commissary General of Musters, who shall, and he is turned in Seven hereby directed and required to transmit One Set of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to Days to Com-the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces, and One to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the General

Army, on or before the First Day of May and the Twenty ninth Day of September respectively following such of Mutters>*c-Half-yearly Muster: And no Alterations or Indorsements shall be made in or upon the said Muster Rolls, other than in the case of Orders of Leave or Dates of Commissions, and other than involuntary Errors or literal Mistakes in writing or transcribing the said Muster Rolls, upon Pain of forfeiting their respective Employ- Penalty, ments, and the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person that will sue for the fame, for every such Offence.

XLVIII. And Whereas, by The Petition of Right, in the Third Year of King Charles the First, it is Petition of

enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the sojourning of Right, 3 Car. 1.

Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the British Parliament, made in the One and thir- 31 Car: a. c. 1.

tieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred nxty two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three pence, for paying and disband-

ing the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoever, $ 54-

should from thenceforth presume to place, quarter or billet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or In-

habitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent; and that it

shall and may be lawful for Subject, Sojourner or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers,

' notwithstanding any Demand or Warrant or Billetting whatsoever: But forasmuch as at this time, and daring

the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments,

Troops and Companies, in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, it shall Constables, &c. and maybe lawful to and for the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistratesot Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon and Men io^Tweedy and in their Default or Absence, for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, inns, Alehouses, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, &c. are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and Persons receiving Pay in His Majesty's Army, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, or of the Department of the Ordnance, and cither than and except Persons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth'Day of July One thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or who finee have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houses of^1, 1 , 0q Persons felling Brandy, Strong. Waters, Cyder or Metheglih by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than keee"r, rH^JJvs and except the House or Houses of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places for Distilling Brandy and Cr inVrivats'*Stfong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Houses. Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses), and in no other, and in no Private Houses whatsoever; nor shall any more*

Billets at any time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Billets when made out by such Chief Magistrates or Constables shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present: And if any Constable, Tithingman, or such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall Coufttrble, &c. presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such Private House, without the Consent of the Jnuapr2'to* Owner or Occupier, in such case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against Houses, &c.

such

3L*

Officers quartering contrary to A«5i, &c.

Cafluered*

Persons Ag-giieved may complain to Justice and be relieved.

6 Ann.,!) c-14*

Regulations for quartering Soldiers in Ireland.

Billetting.

Remedy.

Officer menacing Constable, &c.

Punishmeritr

Proviso; '

Justice*, Jurii-dii t^n of.

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

f#ch Magistrate or Officer, /or the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby: And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayors, Con (tables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses), be deemed and taken to be ipso faSo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or ih His Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next? Quarter»Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in' London, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War: And in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tithingman or Heedborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace), luti quartered'or billettrd m his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, Cifcy»or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of »the PeUSe, then on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or'Liberty, fu«i» Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering suchand so.many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Capfe J dndfiioh other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly..t.; mj>,

XLIX. And Whereas, by an Act passed in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen /fflni, UQt£tqled An Act to prevent the Disorders that way happen by the marching of Soldiers and providing Carriageft? Ate Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was, amongst other things, enacted and declared, that AO Offiaftf,

Soldier or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Tr*jifcof

Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard of Battle Axes, nor any Officer commanding the said; Ye0ftiafe^stor

any Servant of any such Officer, should at any time thereafter have, receive or be allowed any Quartos*in 4 any Part of Ireland, save only during Inch time as he or they should be and remain in foaae Sea PoKtiTfMH 4 in order to be transported, or during such time as there should be any Commotion in any Part off Ardwid,

1 by reason of which Emergency the Army or any considerable Part thereof should be cosaumdedi torfnarch from any Part of Ireland to another, or during such time or times as he or they should -bo ron tfcfeir Mych as aforesaid: And Whereas the Barracks of Ireland are not at present sufficient; to lodge all the FaROftuptt its Military Establishment: And Whereas it may be necessary to station Part of the Trpop^.

where there are not Barracks or not sufficient Barracks to hold them; Be it enacted, iawd, hrwy declared and agreed by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, iK>twithstandiua the said recited Act, to and for the Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages and other Places in Ireland, and in their Default or Absence for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others, and such Constables and other Chief MagK-trateB as aforesaid, or in their Default, such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, are hereby required to quartevavd billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service in Inns, Livery Stables, Ate Houses and the Houses of* Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging* and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or MethegKn by Retail; and.where there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore cullomary, taking Care not to billet less than Two Men in any One House, except only in case of billetting Horse or Dragoons in manner herein after mentioned; nor shall any Billets at any time be ordered for more than the Number, of effectite Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Billets, when made out by such Chief Magistrate or Couftabkfc, or Justice of the Peace, as the case may be, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Staff Officer employed, or of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Constable or other Chief Officer or Magistrate as aterefud shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the .Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof, then such Owner or, Opcupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer for the Damage that such Owner pr Occupier shall Fuftain thereby, and such Constable, Chief Officer or Magistrate, being duly convicted of such Offence by Indictment, shall be imprisoned for the Space of One Calendar Month; and if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act* or shall use pr offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayor, Constable or other Chief Officer before mentioned., tending tp deter or discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required o* appointed, pr to induce any of them to do any thing contrary to their said Duty, such Military Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the Qpupty* by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso fa8o cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hare or hold any Military Employment whatsoever: Provided the said Convict^iombe affirmed at £he next Affile* or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or County of a City or Town, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence to the Under Secretary ipr tjbe Military: Department in Dublin; and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Chief Officer, or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace, has quarteredor billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than be ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to Qpe or mor^ Justice or Justice! of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered, qr in case fuph Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace* then on Complaint made to Two pr more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Justice or Justices respectively shall have, and h^ve hereby Power to relieve such Persons by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to Jbe removed unff quart^red iqspA, £y: h

St 1 other

A.B. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 108. 313

other Person or Persons as he or they shall see Cause, and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

4 L. And as very great Detriment and Inconvenience arise to the Service, from the dispersing and billetting of Soldiers when on a March at a great Distance from the Place or Places where they are meant to be 1

quartered, and contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said last recited Act, and by reason of which Soldiers not they are placed wide of their intended Route for the next Day's March* Be it therefore enacted by the hilletted above Authority aforesaid, That at no time when Troops are on a March shall any of them be billetted above One One Miles from Mile from the Place or Races mentioned in the Route.

LI. And Whereas Soldiers are often billetted and quartered on the March unequally, and to the Pre- t'oned m c*

[Proviso.]

judice of some of His Majesty's Subjects, by reason that the Places mentioned in the Route are on the Borders of Counties, and that the Keepers of Houses in which Soldiers may be quartered being out of the*Parish or Place mentioned in the Route, although in the immediate Vicinity thereof, refuse to receive such Soldiers upon Billets granted by the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Persons of such Places to whom the quartering ot Soldiers belongs For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That in any such Billetting of case it shall be lawful for the Con ft able, Tythingman, Headborough or other Person to whom the quartering Soldiers on of Soldiers in any Place mentioned in any Route on the Border of any County shall belong, and he and they is Border* of and are hereby required to quarter and billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March in ajuft and equal Pro- Cou*tles to portion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in any such Route, although^some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like manner in every respect as if such Houses were locally situate within such Place; and all Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures and Provisions in this Act contained in relation to the Billetting and Quartering of Soldiers shall extend and be applied to aH Billets so granted as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, and in like manner in every respect as if such Houses were locally situate within the Place mentioned in the Route: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower any Constable, Tythingman,

Headborough or other Person to billet or quarter Soldiers out of the County to which they belong, in any case in which any Constable, Tythingman or Headborough or other Person of the adjoining County mail be present, and undertake to billet and quarter the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County*

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or any Two Licences far Magistrates, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling Ale by Retail, or keeping Can-Cydier or Perry, to be drank or consumed in any House or Houses or Premises where more Houses or Pre- teens> inifes than one shall be held together by the same Person or Persons as a Canteen, or any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Person or Persons applying for the fame, who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or any Agreement or other Authority from any Two of the Principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance, or from any Two of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, without regard to the time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates specified or required in relation to the applying for or granting any such Licences; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And it shall also be lawful for His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in England^ Ireland and Scotland, respectively, or any Person appointed or employed by the said Commissioners in England or Ireland respectively in that behalf, or for any Collectors or Supervisors of Excise within their respect ive Districts, and they are hereby required to grant Licences for selling Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed in the Houses or Premises occupied as a Canteen of the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, or any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquors by Retail, to any such Person or Persons who shall hold any such Canteen under any such Licence or Transfer of any such Licence of any Justice or Magistrate as aforesaid 5 and it shall also be lawful for any Person or Persons holding any such Canteen under any such Lease, Agreement or Authority as aforesaid, and having such Licences as aforesaid to keep such Canteen, and to utter and fell therein, and in the Premises thereto belonging, and not elsewhere, Victuals and all such Exciseable Liquors as he and they shall be licensed and empowered to fell under the Authority and Permission of any such Excise Licence as aforesaid, without being fubie& to any Penalty or Forfeiture; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor LordLieuUnapt for the time being of Ireland\ to depute by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Par'

Routes for the marching of any of His Majesty's Forces in Ireland in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace having or No Justice executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, direct, or indirc&ly be concerned in the quartering, billetting or appointing any conctrn^ jn*Quarters for any Soldier or Soldiers in the Regiment, Troop or Company under the immediate Command or billetting Commands of such Justice or Justices, according to the Disposition made for quartering of any Soldier or dim.

Soldiers by virtue of this Act 5 but that all Warrants, Acts, Matters or Things, executed or appointed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, for or concerning the same, shall be void; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Order shall High Coufta-issue for the quartering or billetting the Officers or Soldiers of His Majesty's Regiments of Foot Guards within bles.&c may the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex % and in the County of Surry and in the Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry, the High Constable shall deliver out Precepts to the several Petty Constables, Headboroughs or Tythingmen, of each Parish, Ward, Westminster, Hamlet and District, within their respective Divisions, to billet and quarter such Officers and Soldiers of His &c.

55 Geo. III. Majesty V

3*4

ConfUbLfts, tec. in Westminster, tee. to deliver Lifts it Quarter Sessionson Oath, of Houses Tub-jest to receive Soldiers, ftc.

inspected without Fee,

Copies of Lifts wrote by Clerk at id. pet Sheet#

[Penalty.]

Giving defective Lifts.

Penalty. How levied.

Imprisonment.

Officers, Men and Horses belonging to Horse or Dragoons, and aUo Bat and Baggage Horses, &c. how quartered, &c.

DiUgoons, &c. quartered on Persons who have no Stables may be removed to those who have Stables,c.

c. 108; 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Majesty's Regiments of Foot Guards on such Houses only as by this Act is limited within their respective Parishes, Hamlets or Districts; and such Petty Constables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen, shall, in pursuance thereof, billet and quarter every such Officer and Soldier in such Houses so subjected thereto by this Act equally and proportionably according to the Number of such Officers and Soldiers so to be billetted and quartered, and of the Houses so subjected to receive them; and such Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards shall be quartered within the said City and Liberties of Wefminder, and the Places adjacent, lying in the said County of Middlesex (except the City of London), and in the said County of Surry, and in the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surryt in the same manner, and under the fame Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in all cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act.

LVI. And, for the better preventing Abuses in billetting and quartering such Officers and Soldiers in the said City and Liberties of WestminsUry and Parts adjacent, lying in the said County of MiddUfcx9 and in the said County of Surry, and in the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry> be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Petty Constables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen of their respective Parities, Wards, Hamlets and Districts, within the same, shall, at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties of ]Westminster> in the said County of Middlesex and the, said County of Surry, and the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Sessions assembled, upon Oath (which Oath they the said Justice* are hereby authorized and required to adminster), true Lifts ligned by them respectively of all such Houses, together with the Number of all such Persons respectively inhabiting the fame, within his or their Parish, Ward, Hamlet or District respectively, as are subject and liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each House respectively; and such Lifts shall remain with the Clerks of the Peace of the said City and Liberties of Westminster, the said County of Middlesex, the said County of Surry, and the said Borough of Southwark in the saul County of Surry respectively, to the Intent that all and every Person and Persons may be at Liberty to inspect the fame without any Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from time t time make and deliver to every or any Person or Persons who shall require the fame, true Copies of all and every or any such Lifts, upon being paid Two pence a Sheet for each and every such Copy lb taken, each Sheet to be computed at and contain One hundred and Fifty Words; and if Default or Neglect shall be made by any Petty Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of any such Parish, Ward, Hamlet or Piftrift, in the delivering such Lifts to the Justices at their Quarter Sessions as aforesaid; or if he or they shall so deliver or cause to be delivered in, any false or defective Lift, not including and specifying therein all and every such House and Houses so liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, or the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each House respectively j such Petty Constable, Headborough and Tythingman, or any of them so offending therein, shall, for each such Offence, forfeit each the Sum of Five Pounds, to the Use of the Poor of such respective Pariftiev, Wards, Hamlets and Districts; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberties of Wcfiminflery for the said County of Middlesexf and for the said County of Surry, and for the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry respectively (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to make and issue); and for Want of sufficient Distress to be found for that Purpose, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Scats, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol of the said* City of Wcjtmlnjlery the said County of Middlesex y the said County of Surry, or the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry, there to remain for any time to be limited by such Jaftioe ar Justices not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month, without Bail or Mainprize. i to mu

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers, Men and belonging to His Majesty's Horse or Dragoons, and also all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces, and also the Horses belonging to Staff and Field Officers in His Majesty's Forces when upon actual Service, not exceeding for eacn Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, shall and may be quartered and billetted in the Inns, Litery Stables, Akhouses, Victualling Houses, and other Houses in which Officers and Soldiers are by this Act allowed to be quartered and billetted, and that they shall be received and furnished by the Owners or Occupiers of such Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses and other Houses-in which they are so allowed to be quartered and billetted, with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for such Horses, paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that respect. 1

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whfew felly

Majesty's Horse or Dragoons, or any other Horses as aforesaid, shall be quartered or billetted upon the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Alehouse, Victualling House or other House in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act, who have no Stables; then arid in such catfe, and upon Complaint made by the Person or Persons having no Stables, to Two or more Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty where such Horse or Dragoons or other Horses shall be so quartered and billetted, and upon his or their making such Allowance in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse or Dragoons or other Horses, as such Justices shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for such Justkw to order the Men and their Horses, or such Horses only, as the case may be, to be removed and quartered upon some other Person or Persons who by this Act are liable to have' Officers and Soldiers quartered and billetted upon them who have Stables, and to order amd settle a proper Allowance to be made by the Person

or

A.D. 181 j. 55° GEORGII III. C. 108. 3ij

or Persons having no Stables, in lien of his or their quartering such Horse 6r Dragoons, or other Horses so to be removed as aforesaid$ and also to order and direct that such Allowance shall be paid by the Person Persons from whom such Men and Horses shall be removed, to or amongst the Person or Persons U> whom such Men and Horses shall be so removed as aforesaid, or be applied in the fumi(hing of Quarters for the Reception of such Men and Hories, as the case may require, ana as such Justices shall think fit.

LIX. And Whereas great Inconveniences have arisen, and may arise in such Places where Horse or*Dragoons are or may be quartered, by the billetting of the Men and their Horses at different Housel, and often at great Distances from one another, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all places where Horse or Dragoons shall be quartered Dragoons, &c. or billetted in pursuance of this Act, for the future, the Men and their Horses shall be billetted in One and «*<! thw the fame House (except in case of Necessity); and that in no other case whatsoever there be less than One horses bUletttrf Man billetted where there shall be One or Two Horses, nor less than Two Men where there shall be Four , n "c 00990 Horses, and so in Proportion for a greater Number; and in such case each Man shall be billetted as near his Horse as possible.

LX. And Whereas some Doubts have arisen whether Commanding Officers of any Regiment, Troop or Company, may exchange any Men or Horses quartered in any Town or Place, with another Man or Horse quartered in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Exchange as above mentioned may be made by such Commanding Officer respectively, Manner of provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that time billetted on such House or c^nging MeA' Houses; and the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of the an or e, ' Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places where any Regiment, Troop or Company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer shall take or Officen taking; cause to be taken, or knowingly fufler to be taken any Money of any Person for excusing the quartering of to ex-

Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any House allowed by this Act, every such Officer shall be cashiered, quar-

and be incapable of (erring in any Military Employment whatsoever. puirishment.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, Constable, Confablts, &t. Beadle or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, shall quarter or billet, or taking Money te» be employed in quartering or billetting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall «cufefro«n neglect or refuse to quarter or billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty when thereunto required, in such manner 4uartcr8 r as is by this Act directed, provided fumcient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, con trad or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any Person or Persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into hta, her or their House or Houses, any such Officer or Soldier; or in case any Vidu&uer, or any other «<* on Viaual-Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to , er* refufjn?*a receive or ridual any such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall qumer bokllerv refuse to fumiflt or allow according to the Directions of this Act the several things herein after respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid; or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate that is or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that respect, and shall be thereof convicted before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), every such High Constable/ Constable, Beadle or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Pemlty.

Sum of Five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think fit); to be Distrefe

levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or,

Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of One or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; which said Sum of Five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first Place in making

such Satufadion to any Soldier for the Expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billetted

or quartered as aforesaid, as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct; and the Remainder shall be paid to

the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish if in England, and to the Churchwardens of the Parish if in Ireland

wherein the Offence shall be committed, or to some One of them, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

LXIII. And, for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justices may or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, in any Part of order Constable*

the United Kingdom, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand or Seal or Hands and Seals, at any time or 10 S, vc;

times during the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, Beadle dumber of bol* or other Officer who shall quarter or billet any Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account in diers (JmtcuV Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers, who &c. ftial). bg 'quartered or billetted hv them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Persons upon whom 1

eveify such Officer or Soldier shall be quartered or biHetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; to the end k may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Soldiers are quartered ok biHetted, and

Sit that

3*6

Justice* may extend Routes and enlarge Quarters.

Officers and Soldiers to pay Rates for Diet.

If Innholders furniili Men quartered on them with Can dleSi Vinegar and Salt, gratis, Jtc. Men (except when on a March, &c.) to

provide their,

o\vpVi#uats and Small User.

Officers receiving Pay to settle Demands of Innkeepers.

Officers not satisfy ing Accounts charged against them by Agents.

If Quarters not paid for before Marching of Troops, Certificate of Amount transmitted to*Agent.

Soldiers* Wives, &c. not quartered without Content.

[Penalty.]

Soldiers' Settle-ipents for Wives and Children When quartered pi England.

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

that Ke or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abided in the quartering or billet ting of theta...,

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace at the Request of any Officer or Non Commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Quarters or Billets, in any case in which it shall appear to such Officer or Justice that better Accommodation can be given to the Troops by extending any Route or enlarging the District within which Quarters and Billets shall be required to enlarge such Route, and extend such Quarters and Billets in such manner as shall be most convenient to the Troops to be quartered and billetted; any thing in this Act or any other Act, or any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. - 1. s

LXV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and bib letted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehousea, Victualling-houses and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Act; paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that respect. [Rates Jined^poJl* c. 154.3

LXVI. Provided always, That in case any Innholder, or other Person on whom any Non Commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March or employed in Recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of Seven Days at roost for such Non Commis-Honed Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting and the Recruits by them raised), shall be deficous to furaiAifuch Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, gratis, and allow to such Non Commis-ficmed Officere or Soldiers the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the fame accordingly; then and in such case the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers so quartered shall provide their own Victuals Small Beer 5 and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive die Pay and Sub-fi (fence of such Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers, shall pay the several Sums to be payable out of the Stibfiffeftce Money for Diet and Small Beer to the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers as aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers are quartered4 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. -jwT w

LXVII. And, that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majesty's Duties of Excise better answered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, every Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay or Subsistence Money, either for a whole Regiment* or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall every Four Days, or before the Troops shall quit their Quartan, if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Persons keeping Ions, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to either of them respectively: And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not satisfy, content and pay the same* upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters were ( which Oath the Justicet of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to fcdminister), the Secretary at War in England, and the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland> is hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the (kid Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the fame is owing 1 to give Orders to the Agent of the Troop or Company to pay and satisfy the said Sums, and to charge the feme against such Officer. du\ 3d Msdt.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Troop or Company being suddenly orderedlo march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodgings of the Men, and Stabling for the Horses, every such Officer shall before his Departure mal^e up the Account with every Person with whom such Troop or Company may have been quartered, and sign.a Certificate thereof, which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted to the Agent of the Regiment, that immediate Payment may be made, which he is hereby required to make accordingly, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer. r yjfiW.fms

LXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, 'this A A authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall, at any time duribg the Continuance of this Act9 quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer^r Soldier, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners 5 the Party offending, if an Officer of the Army, shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court Martial, be cathiered 5 and if a Constable, Tythingman, or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved Twenty Shillings, upon, Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant of urch^Jiftftp&y Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducing reasonablr^ObMgUfcin taking the fame., 03 hfruucni

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town or Place where any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be quartered in that Part of Great Britain called England, in case such Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier have either Wife or Child or Children, to cause such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to be summoped before them, in the Town or Place where such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place of their last legal Settlement (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered ta administer) j and such Non Commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers as aforesaid are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justice is hereby required to give an atteste

AJ3.1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 108* 317

[Proviso.]

Copy of such Affidavit so made before him to the Person making the same, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, in order to be produced when required; which attested Copy shall be at any time admitted in Evidence, as to such last legal Settlement, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Person on his behalf, such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements in

England, Ireland and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Carriages for Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required thereunto, by an Order from j^nM^ndaad

specify Places to which Carriage* shall travel, &c.

Forces marching

His Majesty, or the General of His Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, if in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, or other Person duly authorized in that behalf, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto One or more of them by the Quarter Master, Adjutant or other Officer or Non Commissioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables of, or to any Constable or Constables acting or having Authority to ad in the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precind, from, through, near or to which such Regiment,

Detachment, Troop or Company shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision of Carriages, and Horses or Oxen, with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and speci- Warrants to fying in the said Warrants the Place or Places to which the said Carriages shall, by virtue of such Orders as r*'A'-; p" aforesaid, be required to travel, which shall not exceed the Day's March of the Troops, as prescribed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, unless in case of pressing Emergency or Necessity, and shall in no case whatever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Division or Precind, then the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precind, as shall be moil convenient for the Purposes aforesaid, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sums herein after mentioned respectively, for which respective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be damped) to the Person or Persons paying the fame: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Horses and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage,

shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon, Wain,

Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horses or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for under this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any

particular Highway or Road to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Officers forcing

Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain Waggons to tra

any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Magistrate's Warrant, °re t, ian

or shall not discharge the fame in due time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be pradicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick), or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, cities, kc. v'

Cart or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by threatening or menacing Words

to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves,

Servants or Soldiers, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, penalty. Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War in England, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and for deducing the fame out of such Officer's Pay.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Sums to be paid into the Hands of such Constable or Petty Ratvs paid fot Constable in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be according to the following Rates; that is to CankgcrMi say, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses shall travel; and the I ut*1 3'

Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon with Narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four,

Horses respectively, or carrying not less than Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; and the Sum of Six pence

for

3i8

[Proviso.]

JProvlfo.

Proviso*

How Carriages provided at Places at Distance from Residence of Justice of Peace.

[Proviso.]

Rates of Car-iligeui Ireland.

Fn cases of Emergency Xuf-tices required to issue War»ant$ Sor providing Saddle Hortes ae»d Four-wheeled Carriages Let

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four Pence for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel; and not exceeding Three pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage, with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel, according as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District, assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such additional Rates: Provided always, that in cales where the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, such further Compensation shall be made and paid in like manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for imprelling them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided always, that every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in Addition to the customary Rates of One Shilling and Nine pence, and Six pence per Mile respectively, shall specify the Period for which the same shall be in force, and which shall not in any case exceed Ten Days beyond the General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District next ensuing the Date of such Order; and a Copy of every such Order, signed by the Chairman or presiding Magistrate, and One other Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Sessions at which the same shall be made, shall, within Three Days after the making thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War; and no such Order shall be valid or effectual unless a Copy thereof be so signed and transmitted as aforesaid: Provided also, that in every case of any increased Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Justice of the Peace granting or signing the Warrant shall insert, in his own Hand, the Amount of such increased Rate for each Description of Carriage as so authorized by the Justices at the Quarter Sessions as aforesaid; and such Warrant shall be given to the Officer or Non Commissioned Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company, Detachment or Party requiring such Carriages, as his Voucher for the Payment of such increased Rate; and no increased Rate shall be demanded, but such as shall be so inserted by the Justice in the Warrant.

4 L.XXIII. And Whereas great Inconvenience often arises from there being no Justice of the Peace or

Magistrate residing near to Places specified in Routes at which Soldiers are to halt, and be billetted ar-

quartered on the March, to issue Warrants for the providing of Carriages For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable, Tythingman or Headborough, duly authorized for that Purpose by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice or Justices of the Peace residing nearest to such Place or Places, to make and give Orders for the providing of Carnages for the Baggage of Soldiers on March, and to appoint Persons having Carriages within their respective Liberties or Jurisdictions to provide and furnifti such Carriages, without having any special or particular Warrant for that Purpose 5 and all such Orders and Appointments shall be and be deemed to be as valid and effectual in all respects, and to all Intents and Puiyofes, as if the fame had been made and given by the Justice or Justices of the Peace giving such Authority: Provided always, that every such Justice of the Peace shall, at the time of giving such Warrant and Authority, and thereafter once in each Year, or oftener, if necessary, cause a List or Lists to be made out of all Persons liable to furnifti such Carriages under such Warrant, and of the Number and Description of Carriages belonging respectively to the Persons so liable to be required to furnifti Carriages for Baggage, or for Troops on the March; and such Lifts shall, at all seasonable Hours, be open to the Inspe&ion of all Persons whose Names shall be inserted therein; and all Orders and Appointments for such Carriages shall be made and taken from such Lifts in regular Rotation, as far as the fame can be done, so as that the providing such Carriages shall be equally distributed among the several Persons liable to furnifti the fame under the Prc-visions of this Act.

LXXIV. And Whereas, from various Local Circumstances, the Rates of Carriage in Ireland cannot be regulated in the same manner as the Rate in England; Be it therefore enacted, That the Sums to be paid into the Hands of any such Constable or Petty Constable as aforesaid in Ireland shall be as follows; that is to say, For every Hundred Weight which the Owner or Owners of any Wheel Carriage shall take as loading on such Wheel Carriage the Sum of One Penny and One Sixth Part of a Penny for every Mile or reputed Mile he or they shall therewith march, or according to such Rate as shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such additional Rates.

LXXV. And Whereas it may fovnetimes become necessary, in cases of Emergency, to provide proper and speedy Means for the Carriage and Conveyance, not only of the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements* 4 Tents, Baggage and other Equipage of and belonging to His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, but also

of the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of and belonging to such Forces: And Whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders as His Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor in Ireland may in such cases think fit to issue, in pursuance of the Powers by Law vested in Him for the Advancement of the general Good and Public Welfare of the Realm* Be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors in Ireland, by His or their Order, distinctly (fating that such case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence by the Under Secretary for the Military Department for the time being, to any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in any Distndt or Place, or to the Commissary m Chief of Stores and Provisions at Home or Person acting in that Capacity, to authorize such Geooralor Field Officers or Commissary in Chief as aforesaid, of Person aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand,

i<£ reciting

A.D. 1815. 55° GfEO'RGII III. C. 108. 319

reciting such Order of His said Majesty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all to Hire, and alf# Justices of the Peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties and Precincts in England\ Vessels.

Ireland, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned; and such Justice or Justices shall, when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as last mentioned shall be brought and shewn unto any One or more of such Justices, by the Quarter Master, Adjutant or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, so ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Department of the said Commissary General, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty,

Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision not only of Waggons, Wains,

Carts and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Chaises and other Four-wheeled Carriages usually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpose, and also of Boats, Barges and other Vessels, used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime,

Manure, or of Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or Navigable River, with able Men and Horses to drive, navigate and draw the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein specifying the Place or Distance to which such Horses, Carriages,

Boats, Barges or other Vessels and Men shall go and be conveyed, and allowing such Constables sufficient time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and in case such sufficient Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels and Men, cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precinct, shall, upon such Requisition in Writing as last aforesaid being brought or shewn to any One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding,

City, Liberty, Division, Hundred or Precinct, for the Purposes last aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Justice or Officer, demand Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels therein men- ing them, to pay tioned, of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the jufyces foall 1 Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and dire£h Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and direct, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular case, but making no Allowance for Poll Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like cases, for any such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels, whilst employed in such Service, or returning,

therefrom); for which said respective Sum and Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is ConftaMe ta hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Person or Persons paying the give a Receipt fame; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having such without Sump, Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall °?cr

think proper, to provide and furnifti such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, 1* provided according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnifti the fame P accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful in such cafe3 to and for all and every Military Officer and Whit things Officers, for the Use of whom, or of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, such Horses, may be conveyed Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels shall be provided in such cases, to carry and convey, and permit 0#nfi*chCtr-to be carried and conveyed, on the fame respectively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, ru^es*

Tents and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, but also the Officers, .Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of and belonging to the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; but if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain Officers forcing any Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Vessel to travel or proceed beyond the Distance or Place Horses, &c. to to be allowed and specified in such Warrant or Warrants, without the special Licence or Order of One or more travel beyond other such Justice or Justices of the Peace in that behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of such 2?!nWin2i Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his and their reasonable Discretion, every without Licence, such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath Penalty, before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precinct, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty Or Precinct, and for deducting the fame out of such Officer's Pay.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, What Weight impressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged by virtue of this Act, to carry above Thirty Waggciy, &c.t# Hundred Weight; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. cany,

LXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Owner of any such Carriage in Ireland shall Owners^Om-

be compelled or obliged to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed at the Expence of the riage# rn Irfclahtf Owner or Owners of such Carriage, if he or they shall think fit, and if the fame can be done in a reasonable time without Let or Hindrance of His Majesty's Service; and if any Officer requiring such Carriage shall J^ghed.'

force or compel the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the fame can;

be

[Penalty.]

What Weight Carriage* in Ireland obliged to carry.

Notice to Lord Mayor of Dublin before March of Troops, to provide Carriages.

Number of Carriages for Troops in Ireland regulated by Lord Lieutenant.

Constables, &c. ntglecting Duty.

[Penalty.]

Dill refs.

Rates paid before Carriages proceed of March.

Officers and Soldiers, Arc. on Duty, and Carriages, Arc. employed in His Majesty's Service, exempted

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 181$.

be done in a reasonable time, as aforesaid, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner of such Carriage, or hi* Servant, put or permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is herein after directed, either at the time of Loading or on the March, every such Officer shall, for every such Offence, for- feit the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Party injured, upon such Proof and in such manner as is hereinbefore appointed.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Carriage impressed by Authority of this Act in Ireland shall be liable or obliged to carry above Six Hundred Weight 5 and if the Owner shall consent to carry above Six Hundred Weight on any Carriage he shall be allowed and paid at the Rate of One Penny One Sixth Part per Mile for every Hundred above the Weight of Six Hundred Pounds put on his Carriage, and the Owner or Owners of such Carriage or Carriages mail not be compelled or obliged to proceed with such Carriage or Carriages under the Sum of Seven pence per Mile or reputed Mile at the least, in case he or they shall be required to carry a less Weight on such Carriage or Carriages than Six Hundred Pounds Weight for each Carriage.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That Notice shall be given to the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin at least Twenty four Hours before the March of any Troops or Companies of Soldiers out of the said City, or in case of Emergency, as long before such March as the nature of the case shall permit, of the Number of Troops or Companies appointed to march; whereupon the Lord Mayor for the time being shall summon a proportionable Number of Cars out of the Licensed Cars, Brick Cars, and other Cars within the County of the said City, and so from time to time the said Cars are by Turns to be employed in carrying the Baggage of such Troops or Companies, at the Prices and under the Regulations hereinbefore mentioned; and it is hereby directed that no Country Cars or Carriages coming to the Market of the said City, nor any Cars or Carriages coming to any of the Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners* in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Carriages to be allowed each Troop or Company in Ireland shall be from time to time regulated by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Proportion to the Establishment of such Troop or Company; and the Sums ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the Payment of the Carriage of Baggage by the Officer or Officers respectively, shall be to them repaid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for the time being, without Fee or Reward, on Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Corporate Town, of his or their Payment of such Sum or Sums for Carriages as aforesaid, and an Account of the fame being produced by the Agent of the Regiment, which Account shall have been certified by the Quarter Master General to be charged conformably to the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Regulations prescribed by this Act.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable or Petty Constable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, as shall be directed unto them for providing Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels as aforesaid; or shall demand or receive for the Use of the Owners furnishing such Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars or Carriages, more than the Rates hereinbefore allowed respectively; or it any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable, or Petty Constable, to provide or furnish any Carriage, Man, Horse, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, (half refuse or neglect to provide the fame; or if such Person or Persons, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall wifully do any Act or Thing whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of such Parishor Parishes adjoining to the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, as shall be fixed upon by the Justice or Justices by whom such Offence shall be enquired of, heard and determined: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be enquired of, heard and finally determined by any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who has hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Constable or Petty Constable to whom such Money shall have been so paid in Ireland, is and are hereby required, before the Owner of any Carriage or Horse in //*-land shall be compelled to take any Loading, or be forced to proceed in the March with his Carriage, to pay down in Hand to the Owner of such Carriage, or his Servant, the full Sum to which the Owner of such Carriage would be entitled for the March in the said Warrant directed to be made, according to the Rate at which such Constable or Petty Constable shall have been so paid for the same as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And Whereas in consequence of certain Exemptions from Toll, expressly allowed by several Acts of Parliament for His Majesty's Forces on their March or on Duty, and for the Horses and Carriages attending them, Doubts have arisen whether in all cases not so exempted the Officers and Soldiers* and the Carriages and Horses belonging to His Majesty, or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom, may not lie charged with the Payment of T0II3 Therefore, for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared, That all His Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and their Horses, on Duty, or on their March, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to His Majesty, or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom, or employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers, Soldiers* Servants, Women, Children or other Persons of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces on their Marches, or any Ordnance, or Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces*or

12 return-

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII . III.

C. 108.

32

from Payment of Tolls. Exception.

[Proviso.]

Monty for the Purpose how

raised.

returning therefrom, were and are, and shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horses or Carriages, or any Baggage of any Troops embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, unless by such Act it has been or shall be expressly provided that the said Officers, Soldiers, Carriages and Horses, are and shall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt from the Payment of Tolls any Boats, Barges or other Vessels employed in conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children or other Persons of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or any Military Stores, along" any Canal, but the same shall be liable to Toll in like manner as other Boats, Barges and Vessels are liable thereto.

LXXXIV. And Whereas the respective Sums of Money by this Actappointed to be paid to the Constables by the Officers demanding inch Carriages, Horses* Boats, Barges or other Vessels, may not, in many cases, be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expence of providing the fame, insomuch that the said Constables may frequently he at great Charges over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burthen of the Township of which they are Constables, -or else the Persons providing such Carriages are. grievously oppressed : y For Remedy whereof, and that the said Overplus Charge may be borne by each County' or Riding at the General Ch of such County or Riding, be it further enacted by the Autho* Treasurer of rity aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or QoU, lty to re-Reward, pay unto such ConAable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or pay Constables laid out for such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels, over and above what was or ought to extraordinary have been paid by the Officer requiring such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels.out of the Charges. Public Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward); regard being always had to the Season of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Ways by and through which such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels, are to travel and pass.

LXXXV. And, in case the said Public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses,

Boats, Barges and other Vessels before mentioned, it is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions, shall have Power from time to time to raise Monies upon the respective Counties or Ridings, in such manner as they now raise Monies for County Gaols and Bridges to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Officers, Acquarter Officers and Soldiers in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with England; and that the Possessors of x^aws in force such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws at Union direct.^ in force at the time of the said Union was provided; and that no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billetteil, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces from time Carriage* in to time quartered or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnifher Scot}a, d, how of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with Provu, cd* England.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Troops or Parties upon Command have Occasion How Troops to ill their March to pass regular Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall and may be lawful Pay in l, affi, n£ for the Commanding Officer either to pass over with his Party, as Passengers, or to hire the Ferry Boat t7ernes entirely to himself and his Party debarring others for that time in his Option; and in case he shall enufe to take Passage for himself and Party as Passengers, he shall only pay for himself and for each Person, Officer or Soldier under his Command, Halt of the ordinary Rate payable by Angle Persons at any such Ferry; and in case he shall hire the Ferry Boat for himself and Party, he shall pay Half of the ordinary Rate for such Boat or Boats; and in such Places where there are no regular Ferries, but that all Passengers hire Boats at the Rate they can agree for, Officers, with or without Parties, are to agree for Boats at the Rate as other the hkecafes.

LXXXfXw And, for the better Preservatien of Game in or near such Place where any Officers or Soldiers shall at any time1 be quartered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the faiii Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteeo, any Officer or Soldier shall witfton't Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal Arft had and obtained, take, kill or destroy any Har£, Coney, Pheasant* Partridge, Pigepn, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fish, or His Majesty's Game, \vfthin the United Kingdom, of Great Britain a&& Ireland, eyid upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oaifh ofwOiteof more credible Witoefsotr Witnesses, convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Who is iad are herifoy empowered and authorized to hear and, determine the fame; that is to say^ every Officer so offending IhcH, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fire Pounds, to be distributed among the Poof df Penalty, the Place where such Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in chief upon the Plaice, for every such Offence committed by any Soldier under his Command, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Ftwkyv Shillings, to he paid and distributed in manner aforesaid: And if upon Conviction made by the Justices df 1 the Peace, and, Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer shall'M' refuse or neglect, and not within Two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Officer so refuting dr ' , V () t 55 Geo. III. Tt.negkA-

Scotland.

Officers "or $ol^ diets destroy ing Game.

322

[Penalty.]

G. to&.

5b GfiOkfcll III.

A.D. 1815.

Receiving Hnlitl-ing Money deemed enlisted.

Oath and Attestation of Service to His Majesty to be taken to his Heirs and Successors.

Relief of Persons hastily en-lifting them-themselvec.

Such Persons not paying En-lifting and Sub-listence Money within limited time deemed enlisted; in which case or if they enlist, Justices to read over to them certain Se&ions of the Articles of War, and administer certain Oaths.

Recruits enlist ed under

39 G. 3. c. 109. forE. I. Company's Service, &c. to take Oath of Allegiance.

Recruits enlisted under 50 G. 3. c. 87. to take Oaths in Schedules (G.) aid (H.)

Penalty,

rteglefting shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his Co&mission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XC. And be it further eh&fted, That every Person who /fiall fecfeivfe Enlisting Money from any Officer employed on the Recruiting SerVicfc, or from any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party under the Command of such Officer, or from any Person employed on the Recruiting Service, he being an attested Soldier, shall be deemed to be enfifted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, and shall, while he shall remain with the Recruiting Pfcrty, be entitled to be billetted and quartered as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service; Provided always, that every such Person so enlisted shall be entitled to all the Benefits herein enacted for the Relief of Persons hastily enlisting themselves.

XCI. And Whei-eas it is highly expedient that no Doubt /hoiftd remain as to Service of Soldiers, by reason of any Omission of His Majesty's Heirs and Successors in any Oath of Attestation Be it therefore declared and enacted, That any Otfth and Attestation of Service heretofore or hereafter taken and made to His Majesty, is and shall be deemed and construed to be an Oath of Service to His Majesty's Heirs and Successors, afc the Sovereign of the Realm for the time being, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Words Heirs and Successors had been inerted in any such Oath or Attestation.

XCII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby efiafted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the (hid Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall, within Four Days, but not footter than Twenty foilr Hours, after such enlisting respectively, be carried or

go with some Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party by which ie shall be enlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have enlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City oV Town Corporate, residing or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place and acting for the Division or District Where such Person or Persons shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justrce dr Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Diflent to such enlisting 5 and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Money, and also each Person so diflentrng paying the Sum of Twentyj Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, together with such full Rate allowed by Law for the Subsistence or Diet and Small Beer furnished to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of nis having been enlisted, such Person or Persons so enlisting shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons mall refuse or riegleft, within the Space of Twenty fodr Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he Or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their A/Tent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Perfdtis shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himfdf or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence to cause to be read over to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defection, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of enlisting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.^ 5 and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the enlisting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling if known, of such Person or Persons in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.)> if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the case of Recruits enlisted to serve either in His Mare/ly* Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in purtuance of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act for better recruiting fbe Forces of the East India Company, in which case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Onth of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.^ to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act Annexed, marked (E.) 5 and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Enfiftment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and except also in the case of Recruits enlisted for the special Purpose of serving in the East Indies, in the Forces of the East India Company Only, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Alls relating to the raijitig Men for the Service of the East India Company, and the quartering and billefting such Men, and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial, in which case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath directed to be taken by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.), and instead of the Oath of Service contained in the Schedule /A.) or (B.) to this Act annexed, shall take the Oath directed to be taken by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.), and the Justice or Magistrate shall certify such Enlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked /I.); and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain and confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer

*01 for

le

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 108. 333

for making a false and untrue Muller; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered: Provided always, that every Name and Rest-Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier who shall enlist any Recruit, shall at the time of such enlisting d«nce of Reenquire the Chriilian and Surname and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the fame down in 011, 14 taken Writing, or give the same to the Non Commissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be so taken dtmn* down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall Joffice*.miy have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, discharge Per-upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Diflent under this Act, wtw themfcJvei notwithstanding no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party en paying Enlist-shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate, upon the Examination of such Recruit or of ing Money, any other Person, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non Commissioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace 5 and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the fame: Provided always, that in every case wherein any Person shall have received Enlisting Magistrate* to Money, and shall have absconded or nave absented himself from the Party as aforesaid, so that it shall pot transmit to So-bepomble immediately to apprehend him, and bring him before a Magistrate, the Officer or Non Commissioned nct^tw of Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Magistrate before whom the Recruit would regularly certificate* of have been brought for Attestation, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Person, and Name and Re-ihe Maristrate to whom the Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Person who fidence of P«r-had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to Sis Majesty's Secretary at War, or if in Ireland, the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary as aforesaid, in order that in the Event^of such Person being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Defer ter, the Fasts of his having received Enlisting Money ana having absconded may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter as having been duly enlisted.

XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall receive Person* receive the Enlisting Money from any such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Private Soldier, or other Person Monlf^nd ab employed on the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such fco^Sg*&c. Justice or Chief Magistrate, or if any Person having received any such Enlisting Money as aforesaid, shall deemed duly ^i-thereafter abfqnt himself from the Recruiting Party wish which he enlisted, or Person with whom he enlisted, lifted, and shall not voluntarily return to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him, to go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, under the Provisions of this Act, within such Period of r our Days, aforesaid, such Person shall be deemed to be enlisted, and a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and p.uniffied as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; nor shall any such Person who shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him as aforesaid, be entitled to be discharged or be discharged by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace that the true Name and Residence of the Person enlisted was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Person enlisted or left at his last usual Place of Abode of his having so enlisted.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall enlist into His Majesty's Forces, and Persons con-who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity wnion shall have been c^nZ concealed by such Person, or not declared before the Justice of the Peace at the time of his Attestation, and J^nsferredto mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrison or Veteran or invalid Battalion, or Garrison.Vete-into His Majesty's Marine Forces, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and ran or Invalid shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Resid ue of Bounty only as shall be allowed by His Majesty Battalion*, or by any Regulation made in that behalf, in lieu and instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall nave Muines* been enlisted; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall knowingly, wilfully and designedly make any Persons makinf false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths respectively marked (A.) and (B.) and Certifi- talfe Represent-cates marked (C.) and f D.) in the Schedule to this Act respectively contained and annexed, before the ^USJ°rh' Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the time of his Attestation, for the Purpose of obtaining and shall ^nty^guSty0* obtain any enlisting M°ney or any Bounty for entering into His Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall of obtaining be; guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretence, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act Money under

passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for Pretences. the more ejfcdufll Punishment of Persons who shall attain or attempt to attain Possession of Goods or Money by G*2m c 14# fdlfeqr yintrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Hovfesy by Journeymen Labourers, Servants and Apprentices;

and the Prpdudiqn of such Certificate, and Proof of the Hand Writing of the Justice of the Peace giving such .Of rtificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having rep re ren ted the several Particulars contained in the Oath fwQrn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the time of his being attested*

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Persons enlisting Peace or Magistrates before whom any Person shall be brought who has enlisted, and who shall be proved conceil-

upon Oath before them and convicted of having wilfully concealed any such Infirmity, upon being attested, , DS Infirmity, or of having knowingly, wilfully and designedly made any such false Representation as aforesaid, to adjuge


324

Punishment.

Service of Soldiers reckoned from Quaiter Dav antecedent to Dale of Enlist-ment.

Provifa

Advertising for Recruits without Authority.

[Penalty.]

tmprisonment.

Apprentices en-

litting themselves.

Imprisonment.

30 G. a. c. 24. $x, a.

Matters in England in what case hot entitled to claim Apprentices.

Oath.

How Matters in Scotland shall proceed to recover Apprentices.

[Proviso.]

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

such Person to be a Rbgue and Vagabond, and such Person shall thereupon be subject to such Punishment a* by and under any Statutes or Laws now in force may be inflicted upon Rogues, Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues, to be adjudged by the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates so con vising any such Person as aforesaid.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the Service of every Soldier, whether he shall have been or shall be enlisted for limited Service or for Life, shall as to the reckoning Years of Service, for the Purpose of estimating any Increase of Pay or any Pension by reason of any Length of Service, under any Act or Acts of Parliament, or'under any Regulations made by His Majesty, in relation to any such Increase of Pav or Pension, be deemed and construea to commence and be reckoned from the Quarter Days; that is to say, from the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Twenty fifth Day of September, the Twenty fifth Day of December respectively, immediately antecedent to the Day of enlisting, and not from the Day of Attestation; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Regulation to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Soldier shall be entitled to receive any Pay for any Period preceding the Day of his actual enlisting.

XCVIII. And Whereas various Persons are in the habit of advertising for Recruits for Regiments of the

Line, the Militia, or for the Service of the Honourable The East India Company; and also under the

Pretence of procuring Substitutes for the fame, to the great Detriment of the Service Be it therefore further enacted, That all Persons whatsoever, who shall after the passing of this Act advertise, poll or disperse, or cause to be advertised, polled or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes, or shall open or keep any Houses or Places of Rendezvous purporting in any manner whatever to be connected with the Recruiting Service or Department for the Line, Militia or East India Company, or shall interfere or be concerned directly or indirectly in any manner or way therewith (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under the Command and Direction of the respective Field Officers of Districts, without the express Permission in Writing of the Adjutant General, if for the Line or Militia, or of the Court of Directors, if for the Honourable East India Company's Service), or shall receive any Person or Persons as aforesaid at his House or Office under any such Bill or Advertisement on any Pretence whatever, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered on Conviction before a Magistrate, One Moiety to the Informer and the other to the Poor of the Parish; where such Information shall be bid; and on Default of Payment thereof, shall be committed to the Common Gaol or other Public Prison, at the Discretion of the Magistrate, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, and not less than One Month for each and every such Offence.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly bound as an Apprentice shall enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, and shall state to the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom he shall be carried, that he is not an Apprentice, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to be imprisoned in any Gaol or House of Correction, and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, may be indicted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether such Person shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majesty's Regular Forces 5 and if, on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, he shall not deliver himself to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces.

C. And be it further enacted, That no Master in England shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound; and if in Ireland for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having beei above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and unless such Master shall within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (K.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule, to this Act annexed marked (L.)

Cl. And be it further enacted, That no Master in Scotland shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at least Four Years by a regular ContraA or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, shall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when, and the Person by whom such Contraftor Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and lign; and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty one Years of Age, and unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace, and before such Justice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (K.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form of the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L.): Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover any such

9*Apprentice

A.D. 1815.

55

GEORGII III.

C. 108. 325

Apprentice in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a lef8 Term than Seven Years in England, or Four Years in Scotland.

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Matter in Scotland shall be precluded from claim- Master* in ing any Apprentice who shall hereafter enlitt, by reason of the Contract or Indenture not having been pro* Scotland in what duced to a Justice of the Peace in the manner directed by the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled ^td°frorn' An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within d.jmingAp-the time therein limited, provided the same shall be produced to any Justice of the Peace of the County wherein prentices, the Parties reside, and be indorsed as therein directed, at any time within Three Months after the patting of 5*G. 3. c. aa.* this Act. §*5.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That any Matter of any Apprentice who shall have enlisted as a Soldier Ma.iers of Ap^ in His Majesty's Land Forces shall, upon his consenting to give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One prentice* enlist-Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice as a Soldier, be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the rcTre-'

Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas, which shall be reserved in order to ceive part Gf provide the said Recruit with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of Bounty Money, his being an Apprentice.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That no Apprentice, who shall be claimed by his Matter, shall be taken Apprentice* from the Regiment, Troop or Recruiting Party with which he shall be, but under a Warrant granted by some^.

Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, and before"ufticl redding near to the Place where such Apprentice shall happen to be when so claimed; and it shall be lawful for and committed, such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of Notice having been given to the Officer commanding the Regiment or Troop or Company or the Recruiting Party with which such Apprentice shall then be, or some Non Commissioned Officer of such Recruiting Party, of such Warrant, and that a Copy thereof has been left with such Officer or Non Commissioned Officer, and of such Person being an Apprentice, and having enlisted and declared that he was no Ap-

prentice, and on Production and Proof of the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to commit such Person so offending

- Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to the Common Gam

Imprisonment.

as aforesaid, if required so to do by such Officer or Non Commi:

of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, where such Person shall be at the time when he shall be so claimed by his said Matter, there to remain until he shall be discharged by due Course of Law, or, if not so required, to deliver such Apprentice to his Matter.

CV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, so residing Justices to ex-near to the Place where the Apprentice shall be claimed as aforesaid, except in Scotland as herein after nJen- amine upon tioned, before whom such Person so offending shall be so taken as aforesaid, to examine into the Matters ^h, ]ndenture alleged against such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to admi- tQe^ produced nifter; and also to keep in his Custody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occasion shall on Trial, require, and to bind over the Matter claiming such Person and any other Persons he may think proper, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is herein after directed to be had against such Person so offending; and the Production of such Indenture of Apprenticeship, with the Certificate of the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate that the fame was proved before him, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Indenture of Apprenticeship.

CV1. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender, except in Scotland, as herein after mentioned. Offenders tried may and shall be tried at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Sessions of Oyer and Terminer for at next Quarter the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place wherein the Offence charged shall have been com- Scl^01isl mitted, next after such Offender's being brought before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, or the Sessions immediately succeeding such next Sessions, unless the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial on just Cause.

CVII. And be it enacted, That every such Offender in Scotland shall and may be tried by the Judge and in Scotland Ordinary in such County or Stewartry r in such and the like manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for by Judge Or-any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment. dmary.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler to whom any Notice shall have been given that any Gaolers to give Person in his Custody for any Offence is a Soldier liable to serve His Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, o7pxpiratt)n of or in his Absence to the Under Secretary" for the Military Department, before the Day on which the Im- imprisonment of prisonment of such Person will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence of the Period of Expiration Soioiers. of such Imprisonment.

CIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person whatever except an Apprentice No Person ex-who has enlisted or shall enlitt himself into His Majesty's Service as a Soldier as aforesaid, shall be liable cept Apprentice to be arrested or taken out of His Majesty's Service by reason of the Warrant of any Magistrate or Magis- liable to lie taken trates, on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement, to serve or work for any Mailer or Employer BreaJiof* whatsoever.^Control.

CX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have been hired to serve any ]n wh it case Mailer for a Year or otherwise, shall, ' before the Expiration of his Term of Service under such Hiring, enlitt Servant* entitled into His Majesty's Service, such Person shall be entitled to such Proportion of Wages as the Magistrate shall "aSesi, Pto think proper from his Mailer, for the time he has actually served under such Hiring, notwithstanding he shall .fe ot en 1 have failed, in consequence of such enlisting, in completing the full Term of Service agreed for under such Hiring; and the Magistrate shall give an Order and take such other Steps as shall be necessary to enforce the Payment of such Proportion within Four Days after the Amount shall have been declared by such Magistrate.

326

Where Corps beyond Seas re lieved in order to return Home such of Men m choose may en-lift, See.

Pttrfbns authorised by His Majesty may entiftor reetillft Soldiers abroad.

Soldiers entitled to Discharge, sent Home free of Expence, and have Coudu& and Marching Money Home.

Justices may commit Defer-lers.

Regulations as to Keepers of Gaols, See.

Fee.

G.108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Regiment or Company shall be relieved at any Station or Place beyond the Seas, in order to their Return to Great Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station or Place respeCbvely, to enhft as many of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment or Company, returning to Great Britain or Ireland> as shall be willing, and who shall appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which shall be appointed to remain; and every Soldier so enlisted shall be and is hereby deemed to be discharged from the Regiment or Company in which he before served; and the Occasion of his quitting such former Corps shall be recked in the enlisting Certificate; a Duplicate, or an attested Copy whereof, shall be delivered to such Soldier, to proteCl him from being any ways molested upon Sufpidon of his having deserted*

CXII. And Whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made for the enlisting and attesting of*Soldiers defir on 8 of re-enlisting, and others desirous of enliiling Abroad* Be it therefore enacted, That k shall be lawful for any Person duly authorized and appointed by His Majesty by any Warrant signed by the Secretary at War in that behalf, and not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any Soldiers desirous of enlisting or re-enlilling into His Majesty's Service, and to administer such Oaths as are directed and required to be administered in that behalf by Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom in relation to the enlisting or re-enlisting of Soldiers, and any Terfbn so authorized and appointed shall have all such Powers and Authorities in that behalf as are given to My Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom in relation to the enlisting or re-enlisting of Soldiers, and shall for all such Purposes as aforesaid be deemed and taken to be Justices of the Peace, any Person so enlisted or re»entift«d shall he deemed and taken to be £0 enlisted or re-enlisted under the Provision'of any Ad in force in relation to enfltfting of Soldiers, and to the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, in like manner in every rt-sped, mid as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Oath had been administered, and such Attestation had been made, and enlisting or re-enHfting taken place before a Justice of the Peace in the United Kingdom.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge under any Orders or Re-

gfetions made by His Majesty, or upon the Expiration of any Period for which he shall have engaged to ve, shall, if then serving Abroad, be Cent to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expence, and be entitled on his Return to, and have and receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed to the Parish or Place in which be shall have been origmsflly enlisted, at the Rate per Diem fixed for victualling Soldiers on the March, reckoning Ten Miles for each Day's March 5 and every Soldier so entitled to his Discharge, who shall be discharged at any Place in the United Kingdom, other than that in which he shall have been attested, shall be entitled to the like Marching Money, from the Place of his Discharge to the Place of his Attestatku as tfforesaid.

CXIV. And Whereas several Soldiers, being duly enlisted, do afterwards desert, and are often found wandering, or Otherwrfe absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service; ' It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter shall be found, or if no such Constable, Headborough or Tythingman can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Wit-mess or 'Witnesses upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he: shall be found, or the House of Correction, or other Public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent; or to the Provost Marshal in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, marked (NO, to the Secretary at War for the time being in London; or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any time be confined, shall receive such Subsidence for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from time to time be directed in that behalf; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or other Public Prison of the City, Town or Place, at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every such Deserter, who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling for the fate Custody of the said Deserter, while the Party or Person conveying him shall halt on the March; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXV. And,

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 108.

3*7

[Penalty.]

CXV. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserters from His Majesty's Service, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace Reward for shall also issue his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or taking up De-Township in Great Britain, where any Deserter shall be so committed, or in Ireland to the Collector or ferters* Collectors of His Majesty's Revenue in the District where any Deserter shall be so committed, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to arise in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended, any Deserter from His Majesty's Service, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Deserter as shall be apprehended and committed; which Sum of Twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up Person con* as a Deserter from any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces, or who, upon being Effing m apprehended for Desertion or any other Offence, shall in the Presence of the Magistrate confefe himself to be e/dul^cnu1t!^l a Deserter from any such Regiment or Corps, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any such Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Soldier or not.

CXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioned Officer shall break open any House to Officer break-search for Deserters without Warrant from a Justice of the Peace; and that every Commissioned Officer who ^fth^War- shall without Warrant from One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace (which said Warrants the ranti said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to grant), forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Out Houses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall upon due Proof thereof forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

CXVIII. And Whereas Soldiers absent from their Regiments on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are femetimes prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Casualty from returning to their

Duty before the Expiration of the time limited by such Furlough, and Doubts have arisen whether in such

cases the Extension of a Soldier's Furlough by a Justice of the Peace be sanctioned by legal Authority, and

effectual for preventing such Soldier from being apprehended upon Suspicion of his having deserted his Re-

giment; Be it further enacted, That any Inspecting Field Officer stationed on the Recruiting Service, or what Officers any Officer of the Rank of Captain, or of superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Local Militia, stationed within and Justices may the District, or in case there be no such Officer as aforesaid within a convenient Distance, that any Justice of the grant Extension Peace may, and he is hereby authorized to grant, in Writing under his Hand, an Extension of Furlough to any Na^C^mif0 Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier applying for the fame on account of Sickness or other Casualty, which officer or shall on due Enquiry appear to render such Extension necessary 5 and that every such Officer or Justice of the Soldier applying Peace, who shall grant to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier an Extension of Furlough as aforesaid, shall for fame, on immediately certify the fame, with the Cause of its being so granted, to the Agent of the Regiment to account of which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall belong 5 and that such Non Commissioned Officer or Sickness>&c* Soldier during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, shall not be liable

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the Ground of his having deserted the Regiment to which he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the same: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, whose Furlough mall have been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished according to the Provisions of this Act, should it thereafter appear that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extension of his Furlough by false Representation made to such Officer or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fame had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline: Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any Justice of the

Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding in the District where such Soldier shall be.

CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Extension of Furlough Justices of Peace shall be granted as aforesaid in England, and upon the Request of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Sol- UIjoueh

dier to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace granting the fame, or where empowered t»*the fame shall be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of the Peace, upon the Production order Parish of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writ- Officers to acting, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (O.), under his Hand, upon the Churchwar- va"c.e pay to dens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldlers*

Soldier shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; such Justice of the Peace taking particular Care to state upon the Furlough in Words the Amount so directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Statement of his Signature, and further specifying upon the Order to the Parish Officer the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed; and the fame so authorized shall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order, by any such Parish Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor 5 and the Sums so advanced by such Parish Officer Re imbursedby shall, upon the Production and Delivery of such Order to the Collector of Excise of the District within which Collectors of such Parish, Township or Place shall he situated, or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Excise*

Parish Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Excise or other Person out of any

Agents of Regiments to repay Money advanced.

[Proviso.]

Justices of Peace granting Exten-lion of Furlough in Scotland empowered to order Collectors of Excite to advance Pay to Soldiers.

Agents of Regiments to rep..y Money advanced.

[Proviso.]

His Majesty may make Regulations for advancing Money in cases of Ejiten-fion of Furlough.

Volunteer not liabW to Proofs unless for tome Criminal Matter; or for Debt of 2 cl.

Ojth, of Debt before a Judge,

Memorandum thereof marked on Back of Pro-eels.

Costs.

Ptainrift' may tile Common Appearance.

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

any Public Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Justicet shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him; and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the same shall have been paid shall respectively belong, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in England, or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the same: Provided always, that if any Justice of Peace shall not think fit' to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall (late his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in Scotland, and upon the Request of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful to the Justice of the Peace granting the fame, or where the same shall be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of the Peace upon the Produ6fcion of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, under his Hand, upon the Collector of the Excise of the District wherein such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, or the Person officiating for such Collector, requiring him to pay to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; such Justice of the Peace taking particular Care to state upon the Furlough in Words the Amount so directed by him to be paid and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Statement by his Signature, and further specifying upon the Order to such Colledfcor of the Excise, or other Person officiating for him, the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed, and the Sum so authorized shall be paid accordingly upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order by such Colledlorof Excise or other Person out of any Public Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him; and all Stlms of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the same shall have been paid shall respectively belong, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the same; Provided always, that if any Justice of the Peace shall not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall state his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to make any such further or other Regulations for the advancing of any Sums of Money in all such cases of Extension or Furlough, and for the Re-imbursement thereof, as may be from time to time necessary for the carrying the fame into Effect and ensuring the immediate Advance of such Money, where necessary, in Great Britain or Ireland, and the Due and regular Re-imbursement thereof.

CXXII. And, to prevent, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent Arrests that may be made upon Soldiers, whereby His Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is or shall be lifted, or who shall lift and enter himself as a Volunteer in His Majesty's Service as a Soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of His Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some Criminal Matter, tfnless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of A (Elion; and unless before the taking out of such Process or Execution (not being for a Criminal Matter), the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their behalf, shall make Affidavit before One or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Action on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be sued out, amounts to the Value of Twenty Pounds at lead, over and above all Costs of Suit in the fame Action, or in any other A (Elion on which the same shall be grounded; a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath no'Fee shall be taken: And if any Person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for One or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the fame by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals to discharge such Soldier so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Soldier so arrested was legally enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act; and also to award to the Party so complaining such Costs as inch Judge or Judges shall think reasonable; for the Recovery whereof he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs in cait' Judgment had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said Action.

CXXIII. And, to the end that honell Creditors who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entering into and lifting in His Majesty's Service, may not be hindered from suing for the fame, bur on the contrary may be afffted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and occafun great Expence and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more cafy and cheap Method, b*it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and, for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of the Caule of Adilion to such Person* or Persons so entered, or left at his or their lall Place of residence before such lifting, to file a Common

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 108. 329

mon Appearance in any Aft ion to be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid; this Act, or any thing herein, or any former

Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from the passing of this Act, no Confined for Soldier being arrested or confined for Debt in any Prison, Gaol or other Place, shall be entitled to any Part Bebt.notto of his Pay from the Day of such Arrest or Confinement, until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, rccelvePay* Troop or Company to which he shall belong.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Soldier who shall be taken Prisoner by the Enemy shall Soldiers taken forfeit all Right and Claim to Pay during the Period of his remaining a Prisoner, and until he shall again Prisoneri to for-retum to His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that upon the Return of every Soldier to His Majesty's Service, due Enquiry shall be made as to the Conduct of such Soldier in relation to his being made Prisoner, and y* Court

during the Period of his so remaining a Prisoner, and before Return to Service, by some General or Regimental, to have bon or Garrison or other Court Martial which shall be constituted under any Articles of War made by His Majesty fairly taken and for the Purpose of investigating such cases, and every Soldier who shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court acted properly, by Oath of himself or others, or in such manner as such Court shall require, and which Oath every such Court

it hereby authorized to administer, that he was fairly and unavoidably taken Prisoner in the Course of Service, jf

without any wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, and that he hath not served with or under or in any manner necessary with aided or assisted the Enemy, and that he hath returned as soon as possible to His Majesty's Service, shall there- Consent of upon be entitled to receive, either the whole of any such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, as shall be Court, adjudged by any such Court: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, proviso. or if in Ireland, for the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, to order the I flue of such Arrears, or of any Proportion thereof, or of any such Pay, or of any Proportion thereof, as shall under all the circumstances appear to be proper, notwithstanding any such Forfeiture, and before any such Inve fligation, and from time to time to flop the Continuance of any such Issue of Pay, as the Case and Conduct of any such Soldier, in relation to his being Captnred by the Enemy, and not returning to His Majesty's Service when enabled so to do, may require, ami the Orders of the Secretary at War, or of such Chief or under Secretary for the Payment of any such Arrears or Pay, shall he a good and sufficient Discharge for such Payment.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Commissaries, upon making up their Accounts, and also CommisskriM upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall take the Oath defenbed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, upon making up marked (M.), which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be taken before some Justice Accounts, or rt-of the Peace or Magistrate, and if taken on Foreign Service before the Officer commanding in Chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quarter Master or Deputy Quarter Master General, or any Assistant Quarter Master General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer the same.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Paymaster or other Com- offlcere, &c. era-missioned Officer of His Majesty's Forces, or any Storekeeper, or Commissary, or Deputy or Assistant Com- bezxling, &c. missary, or other Person employed in the Commissariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Distributiofi Miliury Stores, of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or for their Use, who shall Court MutiaL embezzle, or fraudulently misapply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or ourt wilfully permit or suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition or other Military Stores, to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be fjpoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial; and it shall be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer, Storekeeper or Commissary, or Deputy or Assistant Commissary, or other Person, to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punish- Puuifhmefit. ment of Pillory, Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving His Majesty in any Office Civil or Military, as any such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, and every such Officer or Person shall in Addition to any other Punishment, make good, at his own Expence, the Loss and Damage sustained which shall have been ascertained by such Court Martial 5 and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> or in any other Courts of Law having Jurisdiction, where any Person adjudged by a Court Martial to nave incurred any such Penalties, or to make good any such Losses or Damages, shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known; and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as His Majesty shall direct and appoint.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Non Commissioned Officer Non Commit, who shall be convicted at a General or Regimental Court Martial, of having embezzled or misapplied any fioned Offlcers Money with which he may have been entrusted, for the Payment of the Men under his Command, or for So1-

enbfting Men into His Majesty's Service, shall be reduced to serve in the Ranks as a Private Soldier, and be

?ut under Stoppages until the Money be made good, and suffer such Corporal Punishment (not extending to c»c--He or Limb) as the Court Martial shall think fit.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty No Poy matter, fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, no Paymaster General, or Paymaster of the f^c', t0Amake Array, Paymaster of the Marines, Secretary at War, CommifTaiy, Muster Master, Paymaster of a Corps br District, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their Under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductiofis private Men's whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall Psy. grow due from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen,

55 Geo. III. U u other

Application of Forfeiture.

33°

Exception.

C. 108.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Treasury may issue out Money due for Clothing every Six Months.

Paymaster General to pay Clothing Money to Persons having Alignments, Pay matters, &c. detaining Officers or Soldiers' P.y.

[Penalty.]

Agents disobeying Orders.

Full Offence.

Second Offence.

Succeeding

Offences.

Persons ailing as Army Agents without Authority.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Psymatters, &c. to account with Executors.

[Penalty.]

other than the usual Deductions allowed by His Majesty's Regulations; and such other necessary Dedudioaa as shall from time to time be required to be made under any Act of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made or directed by His Majesty, under His Royal Sign Manual.

CXXX. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the End of every Six Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments, Troops and Companies: And the Paymaster General for the time being is hereby directed to notify the Receipt of the Money to the Secretary at War, who shall immediately grant his Warrant for the Payment of the proper Sum or Sums to such Person or Persons only as have a regular Assignment, from the Colonel or Commandmant or Person authorized by him to make such Assignment.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Paymaster, Agent or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop or Company, shall unlawfully detain or withhold, for the Space of One Month, the Pay of any Officer or Soldier (Clothes and all other just Allowances being deducted), after such Pay shall be by him or them received; or if any Officers having received their Soldiers* Pay, shall refuse to pay each Non Commissioned Officer and Soldier their respective Pay, when it shall become due, according to the several Rates established by His Majesty's Orders, then upon Proof thereof before a Court Martial, as aforesaid, to be for that Purpose duly held and summoned, every such Paymaster, Agent, Clerk or Officer so offending, shall be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit to the Informer, upon Conviction before the said Court, One hundred Pounds, to be levied as aforesaid, and the Informer, if a Soldier (if he demands it), shall be and he is hereby discharged from any further Service; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXII. And, for enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders established, or to be established. for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the several Garrisons, Regiments and Independent Troops and Companies, the said Agents are hereby required and directed to observe such Orders and Directiona as shall from time to time be given by His Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War for the time being, by His Majesty's Command, or by His Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and if any Person being or having been an Agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such Orders and Directions, in relation to his Duty as Agent, he shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information, for the Use of His Majesty; and, if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as Agent of the Garrison, Regiment, Battalion, Independent Troop or Company, in relation to which he shall have been guilty of such Offence, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter; or if he shall have ceased to be such Agent shall, for the Second and every succeeding Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to be recovered as aforesaid.

CXXXIII. And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen to His Majesty's Service from Persons, not

being authorized Agents of Regiments, Troops or Companies, negotiating for tfye Purchase, Sale and 1 Exchange of Commimons in His Majesty's Forces, and much larger Sums than are allowed by His Majesty*!

Regulations are often given and received for Commissions, and great Frauds committed; Be it therefore enacted, That every Person, not being an authorized Agent to some Regiment, Troop or Company of His Majesty*8 Forces, who shall negotiate to adfc as Agent for and in relation to the Purchase, Sale or Exchange of any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and every Person, whether authorized or not, as Agent to some Regiment, Troop or Company, who shall take, accept or receive any Commission, Sum of Money or Reward, for any Negotiation relative to the Purchase, Sale or Exchange of any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, or who shall negotiate, bargain for or receive for his own Use or for the Use of any other Person or Persons any Sum of Money or other Consideration above the Amount of the Price allowed by His Majesty's Regulations for the Purchase, Sale or Exchange of any such Commission, or any Sum of Money or other Consideration, where no Price shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and Treble the Value of such Sum of Money or other Consideration as he shall negotiate, bargain for or receive above the Amount of the Price allowed by His Majesty's Regulations for such Commission, in such cases where any Price shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, or Treble the Value of the Sum or other Consideration negotiated, bargained for or taken and received in such cases in which no Price shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations.

CXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every present and future Paymaster, Agent or Clerk, of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop or Company, who is or shall be liable to account with any of the Executors and Administrators of every Officer or Soldier, for any of the Pay of such Officer or Soldier by him or them received, shall, on reasonable Demand made by such Executor or Adtni-snistrator, deliver a just and true Account to any such Executor or Administrator of such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such Officer or Soldier, and for which they ought so to account as aforesaid, such Executor or Administrator paying for the same, and shall account with such Executor or Administrator for the fame; and that every such Paymaster, Agent or Clerk, of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop or Company, offending herein, shall forfeit the like Penalties, and to be recovered in like manuer, as appointed by this Act, for such Colonels or Agents not giving due Accounts of or for the Pay of the said Officers or Soldiers, to and for such Officers and Soldiers themselveg.

15 CXXXV. And

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III. C. 108. 331

GXXXV. And Whereas it may otherwise be doubted, whether the Officers and Persons serving in the

Royal Artillery, and those hired to be employed in the Trains of Artillery, or the Officers serving in the Corps of Royal Engineers, or the Officers and Persons serving in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, or the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, or the Master Gunners, and Gunners under the Ordnance, be within the Intent and Meaning of this A d 5 it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Officers, &c. of the Officers and Persons serving and hired to be employed, or who shall serve and be hired to be employed in Trains of ArtU* the Royal Artillery, and in the several Trains of Artillery, and all Officers serving or who shall serve in the fllb<ica

Corps of Royal Engineers, and all Officers and Persons serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, or in the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and all Master Gunners, and Gunners who now are or shall be under the Ordnance, shall be at all times subject to all the Penalties and Pu-ni(hment8 mentioned in this Act, and shall in all respects whatsoever, be holden to be within the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Act, during the Continuance of the fame, and shall b6 quartered and billetted, together with the Horses employed for the Service of the said Corps, in the same Manner and under the same Penalties and Regulations as are directed by this Act to be observed in quartering and billetting the Officers,

Soldiers and Horses, of His Majesty's other Forces; and all Innkeepers and others on whom the Officers and Innkeepers re-Persons serving in the said Corps, and the Horses employed therein, shall be legally quartered, refuting to re- to receife ceive and provide for them as is directed for the Officers, Soldiers and Horses m His Majesty1* other Forces, SoW, ers*

shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the case of His Majesty's other Forces.

CXXXVI. And Whereas great Mischief and Inconvenience may arise if it should be doubted whether Troops in Pay, raised or serving in any of His Majesty's Provinces, Governments, Colonies or Dominions, or in Countries, Colonies or Places in Possession of or occupied by His Majesty's Subjects, or any Forces of His Troops raised «r Majesty, are, while under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from His Majesty, serving in HU liable to the same Rules and Articles of War, and the same Penalties and Punishments, as His Majesty's other Forces are subject to; To prevent such Mischief, and remove ail Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops being mustered and in Pay which have been or are or shall be raised or serving as aforesaid, shall at all Times and m all Places be liable to Martial Law and Discipline in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty's other Forces are, and shall be subject to the fame Trial, Penalties and Punishments.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend to all Seijeqnts and Non Commissioned Officers or Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in respect of such Service; and all such Serjeants and Non Commissioned Officers and Persons employed: on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in respect of such Service, shall be liable to Martial Law and Discipline, in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty's other Forces, and be subject to the fame Trial, Penalties and Punishments.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Negroes purr Negroes purchased by or on account of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and serving in any of His Majesty's chafed and ferr-Forces, shall be and be deemed and taken to be free, to all Intents and for all rurposes whatever, in like J.n? in manner in every respect as if such Negroes had been born free in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions 5 and eem ce' that such Negroes shall also to all Intents and Purposes whatever, be considered as Soldiers having voluntarily enlisted in His Majesty's Service.

CXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, as to en- Proviso respect -lifting for any limited Periods of Service, or contained in any other Act as to any Rules or Regulations »ng Negroes pur-for the granting any Pensions or Allowances to any Soldiers discharged, after certain Periods of Service, shall chaled extend or be deemed or construed in any manner to extend to any Negroes purchased by or on account of His" efty°

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and serving in any of His Majesty's Forces. J

CXL. And Whereas the Officers and Soldiers of the said Troops, being taken Prisoners, are frequently sent over to Great Britain or Ireland in a very distressed Condition: And Whereas their Pay is not sufficient to provide them with necessary Lodgings and Accommodations; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this Act it shall be lawful for the Constables, and other Civil Magistrates, officers and Sol-within England, Ireland, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to quarter and billet the Officers and diers of such Soldiers of such Troops in all such Houses as are liable by this Act to receive the Officers and Soldiers of Troops fern over His Majesty's other Forces; and the said Constables and other Civil Magistrates are hereby required to quarter B, or Ir?* and billet the Officers and Soldiers of such Troops in the same Manner and under the fame Regulations and How quartered Penalties, as are directed by this Act to be observed in quartering and billetting the Officers and Soldiers «nd billetted. of His Majesty's other Forces; and all Persons on whom the Officers and Soldiers of the said Troops shall be legally quartered, refuting to receive and provide for them, as is directed for the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's other Forces, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the case of His Majesty's other Forces.

CXLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be not to «-

any ways construed to extend, to concern any of the Militia Forces, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in -

Great Britain or Ireland, or in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Islands thereto belonging,

excepting only in such case wherein, by any Act or Acts, for regulating any of the Militia Forces, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provisions contained in this Act, or in any Ad thereto. for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take Place in respect to the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland; and also except so far as relates to the Mustering of the said Militia Forces, according to the Exception, Provisions herein after mentioned.

VU2 CXLII. And,

Majesty's Provinces, &c. acting in Conjunction with His Majesty's other Forces liable to Martial Law.

Employed on Recruiting Service, and receiv* ing regular Pay, subject to Provisions of Ad.

tend to Militia, &c. further than directed by Laws relating

Militia and Fencible Men when in actual Service regularly muttered, &c.

In what cases Act to extend to Jersey, Guernsey, &c.

Perjury.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Suits brought in Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or Court of Session in Scotland.

In Scotland A£Uom preferred in Court of Session. Treble Costs. Harbouring, Arc. Defeiters. Penalty.

Offender convicted of harbouring, fcc. Deserter.

lnr.pril'onment. Receiving Arms, &c. of Soldiers r Deserters, fiC.

[Penalty.]

Buying Oats, &c. provided for His Majesty's Service.

C. 108. 55 GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

CXLII. And, for the better ascertaining the Number of effective Men of the Regiments of Militia, when embodied and in actual Service, be h eroded by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the pafitag of this Act, every Regiment or Corps of Militia and Fencible Men, when embodied and in actual Service, mall be regularly muttered by Commissaries appointed for that Purpose, in the same manner and as often as the rest of the Army is usually muttered; and the Magistrates shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, and both Officers and Men shall be subject to the fame Regulations, Rettridions and Penalties as are imposed on the Officers and Soldiers of the rest of the Army by virtue of this Act.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be conftnted to intend to the Island 8 of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sari and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Oaufcs therein for muttering and paying, and to the Provisions for the Trial and Pimishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny or Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a General, or Garrison, or Detachment, or R*. gimental Court Martial $ and also to the Clauses which relate to the Punishment of Persons who (halt conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, eachange or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to The King, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person taking a false Oath in any case wherein an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Pfcrjury, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fobted and liable to.

CXLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid (except in Scotland\ as herein after provided). That if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit, shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Ad, Matter or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the General I flue, that he or they are Not Guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue 5 which Special Matter being pleaded, had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his or their Charge: And if the Verdict Audi pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof; that in every such case, the Justice or Justices or such other Judge before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this Act, allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their Treble Costs, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of theft wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit; for which the said Defendant or Defendants have the like Remedy as in other cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action or Suit, against any Person or Persons, for any Ad, Matter or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court Martial, in reiped of any Sentence of such Court, or of any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be raised or Complaint shall be preferred against any Person or Persons in Scotland, for any Ad, Matter or Thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, inch Action shall be raised and Complaint preferred in the Court of Session, and if such Court shall see fit to affoihie the Defendant, or difmifa the Complaint, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them by the said Court.

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter from His Majesty's Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to b£ paid to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter did belong, and shall be credited by such Agent in his Public Accounts, and a Report of the Penalty being adjudged shall be made to the Secretary at War by the Justice of the Peace by whom the fame (Hall have been imposed; and in case any such Offender who mall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing or assisting any such Deserter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction, then and in such case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months: Provided also, that if any Person fttall knowingly detain, buy or exchange or otherwise receive from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to The King, or any Meat, Drink, Beer or other Provision, provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds 5 or if any Person shall buy or receive any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service, from any Dragoon or other Soldier knowing him to be such, or shall

16 move,

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 108. 333

move, procure, counsel, solicit or entice any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more Penalty, credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, Warrant, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and One Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter or Soldier did belong, who shall report the same to the Secretary at War and credit the fame in his Public Accounts; and in case any such Offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any such Meat, Drink, beer, or other Provisions, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service from any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counselled, solicited or enticed any Dragoon or other Soldier knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have fumcient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties upon such Conviction, or give sufficient Security for Payment thereof within the Space of Four Days from such Conviction, then and in such case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Imprisonment. Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly or privately whipped at the Discretion of such Justice.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in any Part of His Majesty's Persuading Sol-Dominions, directly or indirectly, persuade or procure any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service of His Majesty, his diets to desert. Heirs or Successors, to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any other Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, the Sum of One hundred Penalty. Pounds; and if it shall happen that any such Offender, so convicted as aforesaid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements to the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay and satisfy the fame, or if from the Circumstances and Heinoufncfs of the Crime, it shall appear to the Court before which the said Conviction shall be made as aforesaid, that any such Forfeiture is not a sufficient Punishment for such Offence, it shall be lawful for such Court to commit any such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding Twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and al£o to stand in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour Imprlfooineiit. in some Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed in open Market there, PHl°ry* or in the Market Town itself where the said Offence was committed.

CL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties by this Act imposed, for persuading or procuring any Mtnner offuing Soldier to desert within that Part of Great Britain called England, may and shall be sued for and be^recoverable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and for such like Offences as shall be inducing Soldier* committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sued for and recoverable in His Majesty's to desert. Courts of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such like Offences as shall be committed in Ireland, shall be sued for and recoverable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and for any such like Offences as shall be committed in any other of the Dominions of His Majesty, shall and may be sued for and be recoverable in any Court of Record of His Majesty, in the Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and for such like Offence as shall have been committed within the Island of Guernsey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey, and for such Offences as mail be committed within the Island of Jersey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Jersey; any thing

contained in an Act passed in the First Year of King George the First to the contrary thereof in any wile*'x* ut, a*

notwithstanding.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within that Penalties in Ire-Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable land where sued in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed for: within the Isles of jilderncy and Sari, the Penalties herein enabled shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the ljle of Man, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the said Island, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

CLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Action shall Limitation of be brought or Prosecution carried on by virtue of this Act, for the Penalties aforesaid, unless the fame be Actions. commenced within Six Months after the Offence is committed.

CLIII. And, in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in relation to punishing Crimes and Offences committed against former Acts of Parliament made in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the fame, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Offences against all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and Ad.

established by virtue of the fame, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be enquired of, beard,

tried and determined, adjudged and punished, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities,

Ways,

Offences against former Acts ommitted Three Years before issuing Warrant for Trial, See.

Form of Con-vi&iom

Continuance of Act

Act altered, Sec.

C. 108. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Ways, 'Means and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed against this Act may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and punished: And every Warrant for holding any Court Martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act, and all Proceedings of any Court Martial, upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act, shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the fame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to Judgment upon any such Trial, and to carry such Judgment into Execution in like manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Act.

CLIV. Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts, or Articles of War, which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial 5 unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period; in which case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

CLV. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That in case any Person shall be convicted of any Offences by which they shall become liable to any of the Pecuniary Penalties under this Act, the following shall be the Form of Conviction:

County off«DE it remembered, That on the Day in the Year of our Lord

3*at in the County aforesaid, A.B. came before me [or, us] One [or, Two]

4'of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, and informed me [or, us] upon Oath,

that G> H. of on the Dav of now last pad, at

in the said County, did (here set forth the Fa8 in the manner described in

the Statute); whereupon the said G. H. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me [or, us] the said Justice [or, Justices] on the Day of at

in the said County, and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared that he was not guilty of the said Offence 5 but the fame being fully proved upon the Oath of /. K. a credible

Witness, it manifestly appears to me [or, us] the said Justice [or, Justices], that he the said G. H. is

guilty of the said Offence charged upon him in the said Information. It is therefore considered and g adjudged by me [or, us] the said Justice [or, Justices], that he the said G. H. be convicted; and I 4 [or, we] do hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid; and I [or, we] do hereby declare and adjudge that the said G. H. hath forfeited the Sum of for the Offence aforesaid,

4 to be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Statute in that case made and provided.

Given, et cetera

CLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and continue ia force, within Great Britain, from the Twenty fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen 5 and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of August in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen 5 and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies, and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

[Rates of Subjijlence, fixed, post. c. 154.]

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF OATH.

t do make Oath, That I am (or, have been, as the case may be) [flats

Occupation, if any, or state if nonef\ and to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Parish, Place, fcfr.] and that I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any other Regiment, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines 5 and that I will serve His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Period of [This Blank to be filled up by the Magistrate with Seven Tears for In-

fantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the' Artillery, if the Person enlijling is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten or Twelve Tears, as the case may be Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require my Service, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as shall be directed by any Proclamation of His Majesty: Provided always, that in the latter case the said additional Period shall determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty, shall have elapied subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten or Twelve, as the case may Jr] Years.

SCHE.

C. 108

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (B.) FORM OF OATH.

T do make Oath, That I am, (or, have been, as the ease may be) ^fate Occupation if

A any, or fate if of none] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Parish* Place, and that I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the Militia, or any other Regiment, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines; and that I will serve His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until I shall be legally discharged.

SCHEDULE (C.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

I A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or, Chief Magistrate

of)do hereby certify that C. D* appearing to be Years old. Feet

Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at

on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and Rated himself to

be of the Age of Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and

was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve His Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and Successors, in the Regiment of commanded by and did engage to serve for the Period of

[This Blank to be filed up by the Magistrates with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Person enlifing is of the Age oj Eighteen Tears or upwards; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten or Twelve Tears, as the case may be] Years, provided His Majesty should io long require his Service; and also for such further Period at His Majesty shall please to direct, not to exceed in any case Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months shall have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term of [Seven9 or Ten, or Twelve,] Years. And I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attested, and that I have given to the said

C. D» a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (D.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

J A. 2?. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or, Chief Magistrate of

), do hereby certify, That C.D. appearing to be Years old.

Feet Inches high, Complexion, Eyes,

Hair, came before me at, on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and Rated himself to be of the Age of

Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfedf Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice, and acknowledged that hfe had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve His Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and Successors, in the Regiment of

commanded by until he should be legally discharged: And I do hereby certify, That in*

my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath to the Effect above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attested, and that I have given to the said C.D. a

Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Oath of Allegiance, 390 Gro.III. c. 109.

T A* B. being enlisted to serve, either in His Majesty's Troops or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, do swear, That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in my Duty bound, defend Him in His Person, Crown and Dignity, against all His Enemies; and that so long as I shall remain in His Majesty's Service, I will duly observe and obey His Majesty's Orders and the Orders of the Generals and Officers set over me by His Majesty; and that if His Majesty shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of Merchant* of England trading to the East Indies, then I swear that I will also be trne to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

C. 108.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (F.)

\ T One of His Majesty's J a ft ices of the Peace of

To wit. j A certify, That aged Years, Feet,

Inches high. Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at

on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and acknowledged

that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve either in His Majesty's

Army or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit to order. And I further certify, That, in my Presence, the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance prescribed by the Act of 39* Geo. III. c. 109. to be taken indead of the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and dfo the Oath above set forth; and that he received the Sum of on being attested.

SCHEDULE (G.)

I A.B. being enlisted to serve in the Infantry [0/*, Artillery, as the case may be'] of the East India Company,

do swear. That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as m Duty bound, defend Him in His Person, Crown and Dignity, against all His Enemies; and I swear that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

SCHEDULE (H.)

I A.B. do make Oath, That I am (or, have been, as the case may be) [ bate Occupation if any, or bate if of

none]> and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Parish or Placet

and that I am the Age of Years, and that I do not belong to the Militia or to any Regiment

in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines; and that I will serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, until I shall be duly and legally discharged [or if the Recruit enlifis for limited Service, then leave out the Words scored under, and insert] for the" Period of Twelve Years [if the Person enlifitng is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards, but if under Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Twelve Years, as the case may be, and such Period to be inserted inf cad of Twelve Tears] provided the said United Company should so long require my Service.

SCHEDULE (I.)

T One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of [or, Chief Magistrate of ]

' do hereby certify. That*. appeared to be Years old, Feet,

Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at on the

Day of, and dated himself to be of the Age of Years, and that he had no

Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice legally bound so as to prevent his enlisting, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himseltfor the Bounty of to serve

the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and did engage to serve for the Period of [this Blank to be filed up by the Magistrate either until discharged or for Years, ns

in the preceding Form of Enlifment] and I do hereby certify, that in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Act of the Fiftietn Year of His present Majesty, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attested, and that I have given to the said' a Duplicate of this

Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (K.)

FORM OF MASTER'S OATH.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture, dated the Dfcy of

for the Term of Years; and that the said did on or about the

Day of abfcood and quit my Service without my Consent, and that, to the best of my Knowledge

and Belief, the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand, at the Day

of One thousand eight hundred and a

Sworn before me at this-

Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

SCHE.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 108-

schedule (L.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

I A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify, That

0 Wlt* ( of came before me at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and and made Oath, that he was by Trade a and that waft

bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture, dated the Day of

for the Term of Years 5 and that the said Apprentice did, on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without his Consent, and that to thebeft of hi« Know*

ledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

A.B.

SCHEDULE (M.)

FORM OF OATH.

T do hereby make Oath, That have not applied any Money or Stores, or

Supplies, under my Care or Distribution, to my own Use, or to the Private Use of any other Person, by way of Loan to such Person, or otherwise, or in any manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to bt applied to any other than Public Purposes, and according to the Duty of my Office.

Sworn before me by the within named this Day of j

A.B.

Justice of the Peace for the County of Tor, Commander

in Chief, or Second in Command, &c. the Army fenring in &c. as the case may be.]

DESCRIPTION RETURN of

as a Deserter from the

SCHEDULE (N.)

committed to Confinement at on the

Battalion of the Regiment of

Day of

Age. Size. Complexion. Colour of Marks. Probable Date of Enlistment, and in what District. Probable Date of Desertion, and from whence. Name, Occupation and Address of Person by whom apprehended. The Particulars in Evi-, dence against the Prisoner, and whether He confessed himself to be*a Deserter in the Presence of the Magistrate who committed him.

Feet. Inches. Hair. Eyes.

do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me, as to the Circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he»Deserter from the before mentioned Corps

'----- — . Signature of Magistrate.

- .a----- Signature of Prisoner.

- , — Signature of Informant.

Enquiry having been made as to the Prisoner's Health, it has been reported to me that he in a fit State to be removed.

- , Signature of Magistrate.

If any Military Medical Officer be at the Place, he will in$c& the Deserter.

SCHEDULE (O.)

To the Churchwarden [or, Overseer] of the Parish, [Township, or Place.}

VOU are hereby required to pay to A.B. [ describe whether Non Comwuffioned Officer, &c.] within named* on Furlough from the Day of to the Day of signed by [Commanding

Officerfgoing the Furlough], the Sum of out of any Money now in your Hands, or out of the

first Money which (Hall come to your Hands, in respect of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, being at the Rate of per Day, from the Day of to the Day of

both inclusive; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant, and pass as such for your Repayment under the Mutiny Act. Witness my Hand the Day of

C.D. Justice of the Peace for

55 Geo. III.

X*

33$ C. 109, 110.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Shariff Depute or Substitute or Justice of Clack, manan may grant Warrant for Incarceration in Gaol of Burgh or County of Stirling.

_ Common Gaol of County or Burgh the Common Gaol of Clackmanan.

Burgh and

County of Stirling free of Expence.

Rogue Money.

47 0.3. SelT. 1. c. 18.

Sch. (A.) (B.)

Duties on Streets made to cease.

New Duties of Excise.

Countervailing

Duty.

Drawback allowed on Ex-porution.

Duty under Management of

CAP. CIX.

An Act to enable the Sheriff Depute or Substitute and Justices of the Peace of the County of Clackmanan, to incarcerate Persons in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirling, or th? Common Gaol of the County of Stirling.

[22d June 1815.5

WHEREAS it is expedient that Persons ag&inft whom Warrants of Incarceration may be granted by 1 W the Sheriff Depute or Substitute or by Justices of the Peace of the County of Clackmanan in &<* lands should be incarcerated in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirlings or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, and any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County of Claekmanans to grant Warrant for incarcerating in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stir-lings or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirlings any Person or Persons in the County of Clackmanany that ought by Law to be incarcerated 5 and every Person and all Persons in the County of Claekmanans against whom "any Warrant of Incarceration shall be issued by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or by any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Claekmanans shall and may be incarcerated in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirling, or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling, and shall and may be detained there, and otherwise dealt with according to Law, in the same manner as such Person or Persons would be in the Common Gaol of the County of Claekmanans if such County had a Common Gaol, or as such Person or Persons would be if incarcerated by Warrant of the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County of Stirling.

1 H. And be it further enacted, That the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirlings or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirlings shall be the Common Gaol of the County of Claekmanans until there shall be a Common Gaol in this last County; and all Messengers at Arms and other Officers of the Law whatsoever shall and may and are hereby required to act in the Execution of any such Warrant, in such and the same manner as if the fame had been granted by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any Justice or Justices of the Peaoe of the County of Stirling.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Expence attending or consequent upon any such Incarceration, or any thing to be done in the Execution of this Act, shall be borne or defrayed by the Royal Burgh, or by the County of Stirling; but all such Expence shall be borne and defrayed by the County of Claekmanans and shall be paid out of the Rogue Money of the said County of Clackmanan.

CAP. CX.

An Act; for charging certain Duties on Sweets or Made Wines in Ireland in lieu of former Duties.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Excise payable in Ireland upon all Liquors called

Sweets or Made Winess made in Irelands and also the Countervailing Duties on British Sweets or

Made Wines imported into Irelands should be decreased, so as not to exceed the Duties payable thereon

in Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Duties of Excise payable in Ireland on Sweets or Made Wines made in Irelands and all Countervailing Duties payable on British Sweets or Made Wines imported into Ireland under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, shall cease and determine; and that in lieu thereof there shall, from and after the pafliag of this Act, be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon and in respect of such Sweets or Made Wines the several Sums of Money and Duties following; that is to say,

For and upon every Barrel containing Thirty two Gallons of all Liquor called Sweets or Made made for Sale in Irelands by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials, an Excise Duty of Two Pounds Seven Shillings British Currency, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the respedife Makers thereof:

For and upon every Barrel containing Thirty two Gallons of British Sweets or other British Liquors, made by Infuiion, Fermentation or otherwise from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Material or Ingredient whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines y imported into Ireland from Great Britain, a Countervailing Duty of Two Pounds Seven Shillings British Currency.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain or elsewhere, of any Irish or British-maise Sweets or Made Wines, which shall have paid the Duties by this Act imposed, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Two Pounds Seven Shillings for and upon every Barrel containing Thirty two Gallons in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law for the same.

III. And be it farther enacted, That the said Duty of Excise by this Act imposed on Sweets or Made Wines made for Sale in Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland

fio and

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C.no, hi. 539

and shall be rai'fed, levied, collected and paid in such manner and under such Rules and Regulations as are Commissioners enacted and contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of His pvefent of Excise. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties therein mentioned/» Sweats dr 39 3« <*)

Made Wines, Mead and Vinegar; and for securing the Collection thereof; and as if all the Rules, Regulations, c. 3.

Clauses, Matters and Things, in the said recited Act contained, for securing the Collection of the Daty granted by the said Act, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act with relped to the.Duty of Excite granted by this Act, except only 10 far as relates to the Duration of the Licences in the said Act mentioned, and which Licences shall be in force to the Fifth Day of January in each Year3 any thing in the said recked Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Countervailing Duty on British-made Wine imported into /re- Countervailing land by this Act granted, and the Drawbacks by this Act allowed, shall be raised, levied, coHeded, paid. Duty avul Disallowed, sued for and recovered in the same manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such , ack Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Pald* as are appointed, directed and expressed, for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, managing and allowing of any Duties, Taxes or Drawbacks, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth 14 & 15 Car. t. Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or 00 c. 8.

nevj Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successort, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide 46 G.'3- c. 106. for the letter Execution of the several ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Manage- &c-vie tit of the Commissioners of CuRoms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Tuxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts which may be in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Excise and Customs, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as m and by the said Acts or any of then! is or shall be Appeal, provided.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for the better collecting and securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

£28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the securing of the Colledioti of the«W Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commenceihefit charges on Stilb of this Act, so much of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, as regu- repealed; lates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of any StUl or Stills used by such Distillet1, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and that, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Distiller in Charge* im-Ireland shall, for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any Still or Stills in the Distillery posed according of such Distiller shall continue or shall be presumed to continue working or shall be chargeable as working, under to Schedule the Regulations or Provisions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Ool- aDnexe<1,; ledion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates specified in any Act or Acts in force, from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, severally set forth in the Table to this Act annexed, for and in respect of each and every such Still being of the fevered Contents in the said Table specified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in respect of such Stills 5 and that every such Distiller shall, over and above such several Quantities respectively, be charged with and shall pay Duty, in respect of each and every such Still or Stills, for as much more Spirits as might be produced according tt> the Rates in the said Acts specified, from all Pot Ale, Walh, Low Wines or SingKngs, which such Distiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such several Quantities respectively 5 and the Officer or Officers in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller shall make a Return of the officer to make

Suantities of such Spirits and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so Return of Spirits arged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties arid Forfeituires, as and Duties, &c. are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under when Notice One thousand Gallons Content, and exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, shall insert in the Notice given of work-which he is bound by Law to give to the Collector, Surveyor and Gauger, before he commences or recom- inS Still with mences to work a Still, or shall give Notice in like manner Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Turf, only Five Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still shall be chargeable as working, that such Distiller purcharge* imposes to work any Still or Stills in his Possession during the next succeeding Period of Four Weeks or Twenty p^d. eight Days, with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Friel thin Turf not charred, such Distiller shall for every complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any such Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforesaid) from Five sevenths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise be liable, arid alfd with Duty for

X*J* 1 as

C. m.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181j,

If during Notice of working with Turf only, Still worked with Cotl, &c. full Number of Charges made. SO G. 3. c. 15. I W.I3.

Coal, Sec. found within Distillery during Notice for ulingTurfl

Forfeited.

[Penalty.]

Distiller charged with full Number of Charges.

54G-3. c.xaa §10.

§ «.

§ 22.

repealed.

Stills set up in lieu of others to be of like Dimensions and Contents as former.

48 G. 3. c. 8k.

fa.

Ante, c.ia.

13-

[Penalty.]

Spirits not ware hoofed at any Strength let's than 25 per

as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the said Rates, from all Pot Ale, Walh, Singling! or Low Wines, which such Distiller shall actually distil within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from such reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Lov Wines as aforesaid.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Still in the Possession of any Distiller, shall at any time during .any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in which the Distiller shall have given Notice of working any such Still or Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, Charred Turf, or other Fuel than Turf not charred, all and every Still and Stills in the Poftellion of such Distiller, not (trapped

down, taken down or displaced in manner directed and appointed in and by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or drilled it Ireland from Corn; to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations for the Encouragement of licensed Distillers; and for amending the Laws relating to the Distillery in Ireland j shall be fubied and liable to the full Number of CHarges of Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of the said Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller shall have given such Notice that be propolei to work any such Still or Stills iu his Possession during any Period with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, it shall not be lawful for such Distiller, having given such Notice, to have or keep within his Distillery or any Premises connected therewith, at any time during such Period, any Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred; and if, during any such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred, shall be found within the Distillery of such Distiller, or within any premises connected therewith, all such Coal Or other Fuel shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller, within whose Distillery or other Premises such Coal or other Fuel shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Distiller shall also be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Winei for the said Period, for and in respect of every Still in his Distillery, which shall by Law be confident at working, without any Allowance whatever for or in respect of the Use of Turf therein, and as if every such Still had been worked with Coal during such Period.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much and such Parts of an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amnl several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissionert of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; whereby it i» enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Distiller in Ireland, within any Period of Four Weeks during which such Distiller shall work or shall be chargeable as working any Still or Stills, to charge any such Still or Stills with any greater Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings than such Distiller is or maybe required to do within any such Period, by any Law in Force at the time when such Distiller shall be so working or chargeable as working any such Still or Stills, nor to make or distil in any such Still or Stills any greater Quantity of Spirits than such Distiller is or may be by Law chargeable with in respect of the Number of Gallons Coo-tent of such Still or Stills, and in respect of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines in such Still or Stills within such Period of Four Weeks; and also so much of the said recited Act whereby any Charge of Double Duty or Penalty is imposed on any Distiller for any such Excess; and also so much of the said recited Act, whereby Provision is made in case any such Excess of Spirits shall not be greater than the Quantities therein respectively mentioned; and also so much of the said recited Act, whereby Provision is made with respect to any Notice that any Distiller intends, within any Period of Four Weeks, to distil any greater Quantity of Singling or Low Wines than such Distiller is or may be required to do by Law, and with respect to any Charge and Payment of Duty in consequence of such Notice, and whereby any Double Duty or Penalty is imposed 00 any Distiller in respect of any Charge of any Still contrary to such Notice, or in respect of any Quantity of Spirits distilled by such Distiller, or for which such Distiller may be chargeable, greater than the Quantity mentioned in such Notice, shall extend and be construed to extend to such Stills only, the Content whereof shall not exceed Two hundred Gallons; and that as to all Stills the Content whereof shall exceed Two hundred JGallons, the said Enadments and Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year hereinbefore recited, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed to keep any Still, shall, under the Provisions contained in an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or of an Act made in the present Semqn of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to Fines in rcfgcQ of unlawful Disiillation in Ireland, to the Warehousing of Spirits, and to the securing tht Duties of Excise on Spirits distilledf and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland, set up or ered any Still in the Place and Stead of any Still which such Distiller shall have been or shall be licensed to keep, such Still so set up and erected, shall be of the like Dimensions, and upon the like Plan, and of like Content as the Still in the Place or Stead of which it shall be so set up and erected; and that if any Still so set up and erected in the Place and Stead of any other Still, shall be of a Plan or of Dimensions different from the Still in the Place or Stead of which it is set up and erected, or shall exceed by Four Gallons or more the Content of the Still in the Place or Stead of which it is so set tip and erected, such Still so set up and erected shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and the Distiller in whose Distillery any such Still shall be so set up and erected, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Spirits made or distilled in Ireland shall be permitted or allowed to be secured in Warehouse in Ireland\ without Payment of the Duty of Excise payable in Ireland thereon, unless such Spirits shall be of the full Strength of One

to

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C.m. 341

1 forfeited

[Proviso.]

of such Spirit* below such Strength of One to Four or Twenty five per Centum over Hydrometer Proof, tKen '( found untfer and in every such case such Spirits, together with the Calk or Vessel, or Package, containing the fame, shall be btren8th* forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that no such Spirits, nor any Cask, Vessel or Package containing such Spirits, shall be forfeited for or by reason of any Deficiency of Strength of such Spirits not more than Three per Centum below the said Strength of One to Four or Twenty five per Centum, over Hydrometer Proof 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall be sent or delivered out of the Distillery or Store If Spirits sent of any Distiller (except such Spirits which shall be sent or delivered to any of His Majesty's Warehouses or of Distillery Stores, pursuant to the Provisions of any Act or Acts in Force for the Warehousing of Spirits), upon ^jeyt w which all the Duties chargeable thereon shall not have been paid, or which shall not have been accompanied by houfo) without a lejral Permit granted by the proper Officer to such Distiller, every such Distiller, for every such Offence, payment of shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and also a Sum equal to double the Duty which would be by Duty, &c.

Law chargeable on a Quantity of Spirits eqpal to the Quantity which shall have been so sent or delivered out. Penalty

and whereon it shall appear that the full Duty had not been paid; and upon the Trial of any Information for any such Offence, the Proof that all the Duties on the Spirits sent of delivered out had been actually paid before Onus probandi.

such Spirits were sent out or delivered, or that the Spirits sent or delivered out were accompanied by such

legal Permit as aforesaid, as the case may be, shall lie on the Distiller, and not on the Officer or Person pro-

fecuting such Information.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Duties payable by any Distiller shall be unpaid at Collectors im-

the time when such Duties are or shall be by Law due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the po^cre<, todif-Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which the Distillery of such Distiller so*Outief, shall be situate, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Collector or other Officer respectively, to im- Distil-

power any Person or Persons to take and distrain all Spirits, and all Stills, Still Heads and Worms, and all ler or in Ware-Coppers and other Vessels and Utensils for distilling, and all Malt, Corn and other Materials for distilling in House.

any such Distillery, or in any Store or Place thereto belonging, or in the Use, Custody or Possession of any such Distiller, and also all or any Spirits which having been warehoused by any such Distiller in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, shall be in any such Warehouse or Store (any thing in any Act or Acts to

the contrary notwithstanding), and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Sale by Audfion.

Notice thereof; and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Distiller, and also the Duties on such Part of the Spirits which shall have been warehoused and distrained and sold as aforesaid, together

with the Colls and Expences of such taking and distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce

arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Distiller or his Repre-

[Proviso.]

fentatives: Provided always, that when any Spirits shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful

+for such Distiller or his Representatives, at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for removing all or any Part of such Spirits, upon paying to the Collector or other Officer in charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of all such Spirits as shall be required to be removed; and the same may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits shall on due Application be given for the same, in like manner as if no such Distress had been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon the Trial of any Information for Recovery of any Penalty by Law

imposed on any Person in Ireland, who shall knowingly buy or receive, or permit or fufter to be bought or re- Penalty*for buy-ceived, for his, her or their Use, any Spirits in any Quantity whatever, the full Duties chargeable whereon i«?. See. illicit had not been paid, or any Spirits whatever in any Quantity requiring a Permit by Law, which shall not have Spirits, Defen-been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permit to the Buyer and Receiver thereof, the De- d*"1 cv^ed* fendant or Defendants in such Information shall be convicted, unless due Proof shall be made by such De- '^entof °* fendant or Defendants, that the full Duty on such Spirits had been duly paid, or that such Spirits were bought Duiy, or that by or for such Defendant or Defendants, and received from a licensed Distiller or some Person licensed to fell Spirits were re-Spirits, or that the fame were attended with proper Permit or Permits to such Defendant or Defendants; any ceived from Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. licensed Person

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, per"

Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery, provided, mentioned and contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in ebufes, &c. of

force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits dillilled in Ireland, shall former Acts fe-be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposei curing Collec-whatsoever, as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures con- t, on of tained in the said Acts, or any of them, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made extel1 e to

applicable to the Provisions herein contained, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or any other Act or Acts; and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together a3 One Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fine?, Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Recovery and Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency 5 and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied

and applied, except as herein otherwise is provided, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, undi; r and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the 14 & 15 Car. a.

Second, (I-)*4.

Ac.

Acts construed as one.

Appeal.

Commencement of AS.

Provife.

47 G. 3. ScfT.i. c. 38. except,

51.

49 G. 3. c. 77.

54 G. 3. c. 120.

§ 10.

5 ix.

repealed.

Exceptions.

C. 111, 112. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Second, intituled An ASfor settling of the Excise or new Impqft upon His Majesty, his Heirs and $ucceJfors % according to the Book of Rates therein inserted\ or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, is provided.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect on the Monday Week next after the passing thereof, provided that such Monday be the Commencement of some Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any Still or Stills on which any Charge shall be made under this Act, shall be chargeable as wording by Law: Provided also, that no Charge by this Act imposed shall take Effect with respect to any Still or Stills which shall be chargeable as working on such Monday Week next after the paling of this Act, until after the End of such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days' working of such Still or Stills as shall have commenced before such Monday Week next after the passing of this Act, and that this Act shall as to such Still or Stills commence and take Effect immediately after the End of such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days as aforesaid.

TABLE referred to by this Act.

Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable with Duty, within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in respect of every Still of such Distiller being of the several Contents following; that is to (ay,

Contents of the Still. Number cS Charges.

3»doo Gallons and upwards _ 84

under 3, 000 Gallons and not less than 2, 750 86

- 2, 750 - 2, 50c 88T

- 2, 500 - 2, 250 92

- 2, 250 -.2, 000 96

- 2, 000 - 1, 750 99

- L7 5° - 1, 500 103

- 1, 500 - 1, 250 109

- 1, 250 - 1, 000 117

- 1, 000 - 750 130

- 750 - 5 00 144

- 500 - 400 165

- 400 - 300 185

- 300 - 300 207

under 200 and exceeding - IOO 230

Not exceeding 100 and exceeding 65 90

Not exceeding 65 and not less than - 44 - 120

CAP. CXII.

An Act for the better regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better regulating and securing the Collection of the 4 W Duties on Paper made in Ireland5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend federal Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and to make perpetual so much of an Act made in the Forts fifth Year of His present Majesty as relates to Paper Hangings, printed, painted or Jlained in Ireland; and also an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts fur securing the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and also so much of an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His Sid Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; as provides for the more easy Collection of the Duties payable by Paper Makers in Ireland, and as authorizes any Three Commissioners of Excise to make any Abatement of any Charge of Duty against any Paper Maker, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, except so far as the said first recited Act repeals any Part of any Act relating to the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and also except so far as the said first recited Act makes perpetual an Act therein recited relating to the Duty on Paper Hangings, printed, painted or stained in Ireland; save so much of the said last mentioned Act as may have been or shall be altered by any Act (a) of

(a) [ See ante, cc. 12. 104. m.J

the

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 112. 343

the prefect Session of Parliament; and also fare and except so far as the said Acts of the For tv seventh, and Forty ninth, and Fifty fourth Years aforesaid, relate to the charging, recovering, levying and paying any Duties on Paper made in Ireland, or any Arrears of such Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating to the fame, or for making or allowing any Abatement of such Duties which shall or may be incurred or become due on or before the Tenth Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that all and every the Regulations and Provisions, Powers and Authorities contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, for the charging, recovering, levying and paying the said Duties, and Arrears thereof. Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and for making or allowing any such Abatement as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Paper (other than Brown Paper made of Old Ropes or Cordage Payer how only without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, and without Mixture of any riaff-d. other Materials therewith, and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers or Hot-preflers, or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board, which shall be made in Ireland) shall be denominated, deemed and taken,

to be Paper of the First Class within the Meaning of this Act, and of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for granting or securing the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and that all Brown Paper made of Old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar or any Part therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, or made of such Old Ropes or Cordage mixed with such refuse Materials only as are not fit for making any Paper chargeable with a Duty exceeding One Penny per Pound Weight,

shall be liable to the said Duty of One Penny per Pound; and all Button Paper, or Button Boards which shall be made in Ireland, shall be respectively denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Second Cafs within the Meaning of this Act and the said Acts; and that all Pasteboard, Millboard and Scaleboard, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Shearing or Sheathing Paper, and all Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotpreflere, so to be made, shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Third Class within the Meaning of this Act and the said Acts; and that all Paper which shall be made in Ireland shall be classed and donominated accordingly; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in lieu and inllead lustead ofpre-of any Charge under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, on any Paper Maker in respect of each and every Tent Mode of Engine and Vat or Wet Prese kept or used by such Paper Maker, every Paper Maker in Ireland shall for and Charge, Paper in respect of each and every Engine kept or used by such Paper Maker for the making of Paper of any Sort Monthl^for^or Kind whatever, or which shall be employed in preparing any Stuff for making Paper of any Sort or Kindach Engine whatever, be charged with and shall pay for each and every Calendar Month in the Proportion and at the used by him, af-Rate of Ten Shillings British Currency, for each and every Cubit Foot of the computed Contents of each ter Rateofiot. and every such Engine, taken according to the greatest Length, Depth and Breadth thereof without any ^ery Cubic Allowance or Deduction whatever, for or on account of any Peculiarity of Shape or Form of such Engine, Engine,

or of any Machinery which shall or may be contained therein or on any other account, and which said Rates 8

or Sums shall be charged and chargeable and paid and payable, as and for the Duty according to the Weight of such Quantity of Paper, as may be produced from any such Engine within each such Month as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Duty chargeable by Weight on the Paper made by If Duty by aivy Paper Maker within any such Month as aforesaid, shall in any case exceed the Rate or Sum hereby directed Weight exceed to be charged for any such Month in respect of each and every such Engine, then and in every such case, such ^eftchar^ed* Paper Maker shall be charged with and pay such Excess of Duty on the said Paper according to the Quality*c c a g and Weight thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Excise in Charge of any Paper Mill, of any officer to make Paper Maker in Ireland, shall, within Ten Days after the Twenty fifth Day of the Months of September, Return of October, November and December, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and within Ten Days Monthly Rates after the Fifth Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and in like manner within of Pa

Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Month while any Engine or Engines of any Paper Maker shall be leforhi manner

working or shall be chargeable as working, make a Return to the Collector of Excise or other Officer in charge herein roen-

of the Collection of the Did rid in which such Paper Mill shall be situate, of the Amount of the Monthly Rates tioneU.

or Sums hereby directed to be charged for the Month ending on such Days respectively, in respect of all and every Engine or Engines kept or tiled by such Paper Maker at any time in each and every such Month, and also of the Quantity, Quality and Weight of all Sorts of Paper, which shall have been weighed at such Mill by

such Officer in the course of such Month, and of the Duty chargeable thereon by Weight, and every focn

Return shall be a Charge on the Paper Maker to the Amount of the Monthly Rate or Sum payable under this

Ad in respect of all and every such Engine or Engines, and every such Paper Maker shall be deemed to

have made within such Month such Quantity of Paper as shall be subject according to Weight to a Duty

equal to the Amount of the Rate or Sum 10 charged, and every such Paper Maker shall pay the Sum so

charged and returned; and in case the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of all Paper Excess of Duty

of every Class, Denomination and Kind, specified in such Return as weighed within such Month, shall exceed

the Amount of the Rate or Sum payable in respect of all and every such Engine or Engines, then the Return 0I/p/*r

of the Officer shall be a Charge on such Paper Maker for the Amount of such Excess, oyer and above the Maker/

Amount of the Rate or Sum chargeable in respect of such Engine or Engines as aforesaid, and such Paper

Maker shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge 16 have become due and payable within

Fourteen Days after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made 5 and every Default »n Pay-

such Paper Maker shall for every Default in Payment of any such Duty forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, cnt of E>uty.

together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Sum so returned and charged; and every such QCf£a*nol

Officer shall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, with ieavfng Copy of

every Return.

344'

[Penalty.]

B&^e^.vfence -graxuedrio Paper,

C. I 12.

or bs

nt t -; r

55

; ^rGM9^6lI0Iir/

-£.1 Jl- ? - /.*, ' '!' 'l.V <T f*V» \J ih-" 0X7 V

*? facto Paper Miktner mt firch BdpevrMiUrtipan pufr<c£ tMfekiflgi Tw/>nkyOfouB(Wipr; ^Wj(F)t

1 V* ! I U- i- Y q L<m iri^» ^oxrf&C

Wt. And be it tWher ettafted; Tfcat^bcfifte^auyJUwrw <Wlbe(g*aoU4 to, an ytrf Irelando kebp a Mill or Mitta*for making Fapeu.fififiw d: h^C«rtftn*Acs

deUv^ lnCfn U ^r'Pet-fwiA requiring* such Liceiice shall* Wore tbfe fame be>gjrattted, 4iUk<r cm*W( figp delayer to

Officer of Dif- -, for'btbe£<)flKfer m change «f the Oatte&kxi' of the t)iitri& in nihWi Uv* MMf #r.MiU*kif^£acb Perffii*v^fli|§Q trid an Account (hAlfhe situate; ' aft Account in'Writiitg* id fee.enfewd-niidiiegifU^id w JjiqiOf&C* 4rf.5L*c*i&of of Mill, ftc. ctfrftAiftifig Ms, her or their Name-dromes And PUct p* Plafcoi ofi Abode, ..and the Fteoexiri#|* Mdfefhattbefituatf, and spectfying^efrryirfill, Workbook Wanabet?fa, llh&rthjjufa oc as, n'ibw j</*ler or them respectively intended to be used in or for the ma^hreif*U*y*itg*wvjkfctpingjff JmylBapffft^ilb «Mti i, r, /1 MAter&lr privet* to be made irl*o*Piptt«^ and»*he'6ihiat*5b thegipr frcfpoftwriyv and blfip fprcif^O^ihn .« 4: . ?*La&d Situfttkrti oPidl therEngineej and bftallyVdfcsj Wbt Frdfios, - Dtaafila.arwL SWWai 'Ce*' >'> H dr mtended to be nfed«r >or for maiwiig any Papery and tiiei^mid^ajfKklulitEi

" f' uieomputed as aforesaid; and in such written Account the Person making the same shall distingui(Hfc^bryi2|c|fc .'i, r 4i rjb' ^frtl, ^ToHthou(V, Wadehonfe, iStomhoafiy g*\ uetheir Bktc % and of fry fiicfUEbgft<lr>YvtfrWoft Jft*tWvUc^fdl ai^ Numbers ffektlrtgaoicaldvio ArRhaloilcalfedgn}ffiOnjibdg\imingth, Nttaake*<Q»e

hd^oftflWtravifibfe'PiiiA oFevei^fiHmTEiigifce, Vat* Wfct^Ptefd i^cn£if/aWTVfe^l^ aaiidpontKe J>oot) ed , jof 4v&y- fcidh' MiMv Wdrkhdwfe, ' WatoeboirfA, Stocehonfef, bbop^ Rootnf fed) oftbgc j'koe) shall #fuvnic

n, td[ tte pabifed#Jfli Oil Oc/lobr ih Blaokupoha WbktuOvoutid^or Whiteliponjavfiaok (Sammd^i tdrfd^ib^L kecf) utem>t»om.*, thrth viftbiettndfegiWeontoer the Number W^tt nl&*Utfcnfi konYdfel/

'"aifll tjWaOh stich, M4N> Workhouse, Warehouse, ^torekoufe or othar PljkJe as^jp^bneky, is conformity with such

- " " Aall at the Botto«Q

or other Officer

such Account by Agfling his Name: the Deto, .!and ^thercupo^ the Collector! of Chargo of the Golie&on of-thef District.»fhnllifile (hnetaer and register Inchvj* AcconWt iA Ithe Ofdeb o^ Excise of the Diitri^t,and fhadligonrt .a Certificatt ofi such>Acooimt and Regidrjij bygfving; f Copy* thereof, itgned -by hiin^ to -«he Party .whodelireced such<Accou«t^.and before .afifCfuob Dic^nc^ shall b6 printed, at any time after the Commencement of tidelAAfdwdt Qacflheate shall be<prod4eaft the Person empowered to gTaiit fwth Licence.: % \t »1 yr : vm. sf tn*»! a

Six Dayfr' Nb^1 VH.' Prot4ded always, and be it further enacted, Thatnf whspranr Maker dfril^rdm timvte tknf kdend

- " " ' - - — t, ^Tfe

aim ui caui men nini, TrurKnumc, v»rciiuuic) vfcutxHuiuc ut uninr juccc, p*> wi

Account regis- and tbht tl* SorveyorofExe*£&'i?mkm'whdfeiSur*cy fuchl, MiH IhaMt bevfitnatd, i

nffi1* °f°e^ery^nufch' Abehudt; before1'the^fante shall be delivered^ to-€w^egdAred by the, <5olleflbot (

"* ' 1'* 1 OhaAg^'dfort?fakl# ce/tify^ — " 1 — — u: " M -

SfccHe W bther OHfilcdr iw* (

"'cl

ff £ia>

offi" to^X kebp Of make use of any Ehghie t>t Engines, Vat or Vnu, ^«d'rtefebrWeKPiieies, \in Adcfima mar m Addition^r* the Stead ot Place of any Engine or Engines, Vat or Vnts, or WctPrlrfjtorW^PreflhfJof whiehtfuch Accfutk Change made in as srfotfsaid shall have been delivered, it shall and may be lawful for fsdb^Pkper Maker so to (kvJupoii gbring Engine*, to Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of Ekctfe, and also to < the 'f^pveyor aftd Gaager- iiEokarge of the Mill of stich Paper Maker, artd upon an Account being made out# f|g*ed<and delivered in* manner aforesaid^ and kgiftered as aforesaid, and specifying the Number1 of Cubit Feet contained in any such fiagfee^and also all Aich1 other Particulars As are required as aforesaid, Sic Days at the ieaft 'before such Paper Maker <(U1 make use of any such Engine, Vat or Wet Press^ and such Faker Maker shall in such Notice and Acccmm 1( i^spe£Vively hereby required to be: given of such other Engine, Vat or Wet Press, express that tlidfibno 4 iO oV f Are an additional Enginei Vat or Wet Press is f or are intended to be kept or used in tlwPlaoe^r^S^ttd, dfTtt*fbVmer Engine, Vat or Wet Prefoi and filth Engine, Vat or Wet Press shall be mnubardd^in manmr^he^bfe dhe^ed J - 1, > .,

Making Paper WHf. ^And be it further' cnaftedi That if any Person shall make1 any Paper of any Sort O^ Kiml whateroft or flitting io*6f Any Mill, Workhoufi?, Warehouse, Storehouse or other Place, or any Engine^ Vat, Wet

paint YHffbers Ptefsj1 iK&iflV or Vessel for the making, drying or keeping of'atiy Paper whatever, btfen^fe such Perfop 4hill on Mnt/En*-" 1 KAv^ madA Out, signed and delivered stich Account as aforesaid,*r brtbobt being duly lioenicd According to ginn, ^c. ( ' taw, dr shall omit to paint or cause to be pointed In manner hereinbefore1 dhrested, or to xeeu painted in a vihbk and legible manned upon each such Mill; Engine, Vat, Wet Press* Iftfeufil and Vessel, Workhouse/Warehouse ?: 1 ' Storehouse or other Plate respectively; the Number thereof respectwdly, in conformity with so«h Acdotint,

t every futh Person shall forfeit the SUm of One hundred" Pounds ? and that all Paper of every Son or'ftitod j whatever, which shall be found in an^ Mill, Warehouse* Workhouse, StOrehouse or other Place, and for whick i a Licence ih.force shall hot have heCn duly granted, oT of which such Afceoufnt shall not have been made put, /..J jtwi Hgned and delivered*as b by this Act required* shall be forfeited And may be seized by any: Officer olf Expde id Inlandand that if any Person requiring such Licetict* as aforesaid shall omit to make dot, sign and debver fuCK Accbuiit as is by this Afr directed* of the Number of Cubic Feet in each and eteryEngine, Or shall make or deliver any false Account of the Engines, Vats, Wet Presses, Utensils and Vessels, dr Of the Cobid EeAt y. >»tj m ally Engine; every such Person (halhfbrfeit the Sdnt of hundred Pounds, together withadh And every Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel whereof no such Account or any false Account1 shall haWbeert ffcadi Six Day* No* TJCi Ahd3W irfitrther enacted, That-every Paper Maker shall, before commencing to Work arty Engine, )*At tim^'after the Commencement of this A A, Or at any timd within any Year for Which such Paper commenting or' a Mak^r fftaff^Kdcrtfed to use any Mill for the^aking of Paper, and so in like manner befArfe^comnnertcing rccawmanriof, so wdrk "any 'Ehgihc after any Ddcontinuatice ip such Year as herein after provided, give Six DayV Notice in to work Engine. ><*tw«. 4^a* U.r> /ViMnM^fl«nAb«. nX j j .Ua... rwK — tk

Penalty. 1

i -

[Penalty.]

reqtfir^d to ma^e out by-futh Malory l^ytintl

Hour wheu such Paper Maker intends to commence "or recommence so to work any Engh*? ShM^any such

3t PaP"

ic

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

Q.iia. 345

Paper Maker who shall make any Paper, or shall have any Stuff or Material! m Process for making the feme into Paper, without haring given such respective Notices hi manner by this Act directed, shall, for every such^.

Offence, forfeit and pay tue Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and no other Day shall be mentioned in any such Notice of Commencement or Recommencement to work any Engine which shall be given after the Com- of ComV tenement of this Act and previous to the Twenty sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and m«ii «ncvtft or fifteen, than the Twenty hath Days of the Month of AuguM* September, 0Sober or November, in the Year Recoauneno* One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and no Day shall be mentioned in any such Notice which shall be mcafr

S'ren after the Twenty fisth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen other than the Sixth ay of some Month in the Year for which such Paper Maker shall be licensed to use any Mill for the making of Paper# and no Paper Maker shall, after the Commencement of this Act, commence or recommence working, except on such f>ay» and Times respectively.

Jt. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thai the Period between the Twenty fifth Day of November in JJ*

the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and thp Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred x*a. 5/1816, and sixteen, Audi be deemed and taken to be a Calendar Month, within the Meaning and for all the Purposes deemed Cats* of this Act. 4*x Month.

[Proviso.]

XI. And be it further eroded. That every Engine from the Day mentioned in any Notice for commencing After Notice ft* Or recommencing to work, shall be presumed to be kept regularly at Work from that Day until the End of commeodag the Year for which the Piper Maker shall be licensed, and shall be chargeable and charged accordingly, unlef* the working of any such Engine shall be discontinued in manner herein after mentioned; that is to (ay, if any lt Work such Paper Maker shall, at any time between the Fifth Day of Mai and the Fifth Day of November in any tat Nodes given Year for which such Paper Maker shall be licensed, be delirous of discontinuing the working or using any of Difoomiau-Engine or Engines in his or her Paper Mill, or any One or more Month or Months ending on the Fifth Day of the Months of June % July, August^ September, 0Sober or November respectively, in any Year, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker so to do, provided that such Paper Maker shall give Notice in Writing of gotiodsnd such Intention to discontinue such working to the Commissioners of Inland Escifc and Taxes in Ireland, sod Mtnner of to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Paper Mill to taring m fitoate, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of such Paper Mill, Six Days at the lead previous to W0K|Ca the Day mentioned therein for discontinuing the lame as herein provided, distinguishing each such Engine by the Number and Dimeafitos thereof respectively, as the same shall have been or ought to have been let forth in the Account required to be made out by such Paper Maker under this Act, and specifying the Hour of the Day at which such working is so intended to be discontinued: Provided always, that no other Day shall j be mentioned in any such Notice for such Discontinuance, except only the Fifth Days of the Months of May* Jaiu % July, Avgi#$ September or October respectively; and that the Hour of the Day specified in such Notice shall be some Hour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on such Day, and at the Day and Hour specified in such Notice the Officer in Charge of such Paper Mill shall attend and fee that such Engine is no longer at work, and the Officer in Charge of the Paper Mill shall not charge the Paper Maker with any Duty in respect of such Engine so discontinued as aforesaid# for any Month between the said Fifth Day of May and the Fifth Day of November, in which the working of such Engine shall be discontinued in manner aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not with (landing.

XII. And be it further enacted, That at the time specified in auy such Notice of Discontinuance it shall Officertto Men and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise in Charge of such Mill, and he is hereby required to fallen Engines on Ns-and lock each and every Engine, the wdrking of which shall be intended to be discontinued, in such manner V0* °* as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall direct and appoint; ^w* und for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them# from time to time to (bake and issue such Orders and Directions as they shall think expedient to the fevml Paper,

Makers and Officers for the fastening or locking of any Engine, and all and every such Orders and Directions shall be complied with and obeyed by every such Paper Maker and Officer; and if any Paper Maker l*»p«r MsUn shall refuse or neglect to comply with or obey any such Orders or Directions which shall be so made and nut complying, issued, every such Paper Maker shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer shall be prevented by any Person at such Mill from Obflructing fastening and locking any Engine, the working of which shall be lb intended to be discontinued, or in confe- Officer from

- give Entrance to such Officer, or if any such E*;

foresaid, or if at any time subsequent to the^ f^neiuat

quence of such Mill being locked and no Person appearing to give Entrance to such Officer, or if any such Engine shall in any Event not be fattened or locked in manner aforesaid, or if at any time subsequent to th^ f^rinetuct nl time any such Engine shall have been fastened or locked, or by any of the Provisions of this Act ought to £|jleted, &c. have been fastened or locked, any such Engine shall be found not fastened and locked pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or if any Roller, Plate, Lighter or Brasses shall be found in any such Engine, unless due Notice shall have been given pursuant to the Directions of this Act, of the Intention again to work such Engine, every such Paper Maker shall# in each and every the respective case and cases aforesaid, forfeit Penalty, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Paper Maker shall discontinue the work- Rdfar, fee.of ing of any Engine, such Paper Maker shall, before the time specified in any Notice for discontinuing the Emgmt removed working of the fame, displace and remove, or cause to be displaced and removed, clear out of each and every °? such Engine, the Roller, Plate# Lighter and Brasses belonging to such Engine, and shall within Six Days

Sen next following fend or convey such Roller, Plate, Lighter and Bratfes, to the Excise Office of the iftrid in which the Mill of such Paper Maker shall be situate, there to be kept until the same shall be returned to the Proprietor thereof, on his or her giving Notice pursuant to this Act of his or her Intention to work such Engine; and if any Paper Maker shall not before the time whkh shall be so specified in 55 GlBO* III. Y y any

346 G.iia.

556 GEORGII

A.f). i

Pwaky.

Working Engine after time mentioned in Notice of Discontinuance.

[Penalty.]

Penalty. Fattening* provided by PaperMaker.

Penally,

Paper Makers intending to recommence working to give Notice in manner herein directed.

Engines discontinued working trtthin certain Period, Officer to aaeke Return of Duty for Months of December snd January, as if they bid been at 'work.

f Si*.

[Penalty.]

PaperMaker not to make up / Paper into Bundles and put them into any Cover or .*-r Wrapper. Penalty? '1' -3* 0. 3. (I.)

C. 09.

Maker's Name, Class and Date of making, &Cr

aify such Notice dtfylace and remove, or cause to be dlfphiced and removed iri manner aforesaid, every foe*1 Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brafles, or shall not (end or convey the same to the Excise Office as aforesaid within the time aforesaid, every such Paper Maker shall, for such Default or Offence, forfeit the Sam of One hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time Axbsequent to the Day and Hour mentioned in ant such Notice of Discontinuance, the Engine, of the discontinuing of the working of which such Notice Amm have been given, shall be worked or used in any manner whatsoever in the Process of making of Paper (unless under a Notice of Recommencement of working in manner herein after mentioned), the Paper Maker in whose Mill the same shall be so worked or used, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall aUo be charged and chargeable with all such Sums of Money and Charges as he would have been liable to bare been charged with under this Act, in case no such Notice of Discontinuance had been given in manner ftfonesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise whatever, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of any Month in which it shall have been or shall be discovered that such Engine was worked or used contrary thereto, to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the ColledHon of tt* District in which such Mill shall be situate, of all such Sum or Sums of Money as such Paper Maker would be chargeable with for the Period or Periods from the time mentioned in the Notice of the discontinuing the working of such Engine to such Fifth Day of the Month in which it shall have been discovered thit such Engine was so worked or used, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Maker who shall nay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable within Fourteen Days next after such Return (trail have been made, or in Default of such Payment shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with s Sum equal to double the Duty so returned and charged.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall from time to time provide such Fastett-ings or Locks and Keys to each and every Engine in his or her Mill, and shall keep the (forte so good and fumcierit Order in such Manner as shall be approved of by the Surveyor of Excise in charge 6f such BCH, or shall pay for such Fattening, Locks and Keys as shall be provided by such Surveyor; and if any such Paper Maker shall neglect to provide, repair or pay for such Fattening, Locks and Keys within such trine as shall be required by such Surveyor, every such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Maker who shall have discontinued1 the working of any Engine in manner aforesaid shall intend to set aft work again any such Engine so discontinued, such Paper Maker shall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Irelondy and to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Officers in Charge of the Paper Mill of such Paper Maker, Six Days at least before the Day on which such Paper Maker shall intend to recommence the working or using such Engine, distinguishing the fame by the Number and Dimensions as set forth in the Account by this A A directea and required to be made out and delivered by such Paper Maker, and specifying the Day and Hour on which such Paper Maker intends so to recommence the working or using any such Engine, which Day shall be the Sixth Day of some Month to the Year, and such Officer shall attend on such Day and Time, and open the Locks and Fattening* of such Engine accordingly, and shall charge such Paper Maker in respect of each such Engine from the Day mentioned in such Notice for the Recommencement of the working of such Engine in manner aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Paper Maker, who shall have discontinued the working of all or any Engines or Engine in the Mill of such Paper Maker in manner authorized by this Act, shall not give Notice for the Recommencement of the working of any and every Engine, the working of which shall have been so discontinued, so that any and every Engine shall be at work on and from the Sixth Day of November in every Year, until and upon the Fifth Day of January following, it shall and may be lawnil for the Officer of Excise in charge of such Paper Mill, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of December and the Fifth Day of January next enfoing such Sixth Day of November, to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Mill shall be situate, of all such Sums or Sum of Money, and Duty, as such Paper Maker would be chargeable with under this Act for the respective Months ending on the said Fifth Day of December and Fifth Day of January reflectively in respect of each and every such Engine, if f any arid every such Engine were or had been actually at work, and as if any and every such Engine had been so actually at work 5 and such Return shall be a Charge On every such Paper Maker, who mall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable, within Fourteen Days after such Return shall have been made, or in Default of such Payment (half forfeit the Sunl of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Duty so returned and charged.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Maker of Paper to make up any Paper or any Quires of Paper into any Bundle or Bundles, dr to inclose or tie up any Bundle of Paper in any Cover or Wrapper 5 and if any Maker of Paper shall make rip any Paper or any Quires of Paper into any Bundle or Bundles, or shall inclose or tie up any Bundle of Papet m any Cover or Wrapper, every such PaperMaker shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and it shall not be lawful for the Officer to stamp or mark any Cover or Wrapper containing any Bundle of Paper; any thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That on every Cover or Wrapper, in which ariy Ream 6f Paper of the First Clafi, ftr ef Papet of the Second Class, shall be inclosed before any such Paper shall be brought of produced to any Officer of Excise to be weighed, there shall be marked, written or printed by the Maker thereof,

16

or

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. i ti* 347

Pasteboard, te.

upon every such Cover or Wrapper shall also be written the Day of the Month and Year, denoting the Month w«ghed. and Year in which such Paper shall have been made, and after such Date there shall be written in Figures the true Number of such Ream of Paper according to the Numbers of such Reams of Paper of each such Class made by the Maker thereof at the Mill in which the same shall be made during such Month, such Number to be in Arithmetical ProgrelTion beginning with Number One, according to the Number of Reams of Paper of each Class made at such Mill in such Month; and that on each Parcel of Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, there how marked'

shall in like manner, before the same shall be produced or brought to the Officer to be weighed, be marked, written or printed, in large and legible Characters and in Words at length, the Name and Surname of such Maker, and the Description of such Parcel, and whether such Parcel is Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, and the Number of Sheets in each such Parcel with the Date of the Month and Year, and after such Date there shall be written in Figures the true Number of such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according to the Numbers of such Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, made by such Maker at such Mill during: such Month as aforesaid, such Number to be in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One, according to the Number of Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, made at such Mill in such Month; and if any Maker of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall neglect to mark the said Bundles or Reams or Parcels in manner herein directed, or to cause the same to be numbered and marked as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheat- Paper, &c. ing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, made in the Mill or Manufactory of any Paper Maker in Ireland, shall be produced and brought to the Officer in charge of such Mill or Manufactory to be - — weighed and charged with Duty, and shall be weighed and charged with Duty accordingly, within Four Days after such Paper or Pasteboard shall have been inclosed in Wrappers or tied up in Parcels as directed by Law; and that if any Paper or Pasteboard shall be found in any Mill or Manufactory of any Paper Maker which shall have been inclosed in Wrappers or tied up in Parcels for any longer Space of time than Four Days, and shall not have been weighed and charged with Duty, and indorsed by the Officer accordingly, all such Paper and Pasteboard shall be forfeited and may be seized; and the Paper Maker in whose Mill or Manufactory the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in the Paper Mill of every Paper Maker there shall be safely kept such Minute Books as shall be from time to time delivered to such Paper Maker by the Officer in Charge of ^chEn^fwof such Mill, in which Books such Paper Maker shall from time to time make or cause to be made true Entries Enrinet^&c^n-of the Number of Engines, Vats and Wet Presses in such Mills, and the time when the same shall be at ferted, Quantity work or discontinued, as also of the Class, Denomination, Kind and Quantity of all Paper and Pasteboard, of Papet made from time to time made by such Paper Maker at such Mill, and when the same shall be put up in Reams when.wdiffccdj or Parcels to be weighed, and when the same shall be weighed and the Weight, Class, Denomination and Kind thereof, and the Duty chargeable thereon, and of the Days and Times when any Paper shall be sent out of any Mill, and in what Parcels, and to whom and for what Purpose, which Minute Books shall be kept in such manner and according to such Form as shall be from time to time ordered and directed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, and shall contain all the Matters and Things aforesaid, and also all such Matters and Things as shall from time to time be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to be inserted in the fame; and in case any Paper Maker to whom the said Book shall be tendered by any Officer shall refuse to receive the same, or having received the same shall refuse to make or cause to be made such Entries therein, from time to time as are required by this Act, or shall be directed to be inserted therein by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, or shall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate or alter such Book or any Entry therein, or shall cause or procure or suffer the same to be. torn, defaced, obliterated or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any false or untrue Entry therein, every, such Paper Maker shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Paper Maker shall constantly keep or cause to be kept Minute Bookv r

every such Minute Book in the Mill of such Paper Maker, for the Inspection and Examination of every open forjnfpec*,

Officer of Excise, until the same shall be delivered to the Collector of the District in manner herein after mentioned; and if on Demand of any Officer of Excise at such Mill, such Book shall not be produced to,

such Officer, or if such Officer shall not be permitted to inspect and examine the fame, or shall be hindered

or prevented by any Person from inspecting and examining the fame, such Paper Maker shall, for every such*°

Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker who shall be furniftied with such Book shall, Minute Book.on every Fifth Day of April> Fifth Day of July, Fifth Day of October and Fifth Day of January, or within delweredQuir*, > Ten Days after each of the said Days respectively, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which the Mill of such Paper Maker shall be situate, all °r°.(W. T;

and every Book and Books used in the Mill of such Paper Maker, in the preceding Quarter of a Year, with

Y y 2 every .,

Penalty,

Duty within Four Days after being tied up.

[Penalty.]

Minute Book

other Particulars.

i- i\- i 1

[Penalty.]

Dili,

ijj6 DBCTROII HI.

5C

ADi 1815.

Penally. by

Paper Maker to make an Entry at Liafe Office monthly, of P*i per ttiade by him, fivine Particulars herein aenrioned.

10T9<]2*J II Penalty.

arn-3

GO

c. 76.

Office^ jaj wkinj Account U Engines, &c.

[Penalty.]

__, r-j'_ nrr

P^ffl not removed iviifunit

Permit.

wg.r

bns , n->vi* «o« Permit to contain eon sin Par: icuLrs.

Woti:

4)b i; probandi.

nt); bin; 1 -1* »)'. : u-

every Entry therein, legible and uridcfaced, or in Default thereof shall, for every Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall Monthly, that is to say, within Ten Days

neat after the Fifth Day of every Month, make a true Entry at the Exci£e Office of the District in which the Mill of such Paper Maker shall be situate, of all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, made by or for the Account of such Paper Maker, into Quires or Reams, within the Month, ending on such Fifth Day respectively, which Entry shall contaiir the true Classes of all such Paper according to the Three Clafies in this Act mentioned, denominated and described, and the Number of Reams of Paper, and the Real Weights thereof of each Class, and alfa the real Number of Parcels, and the Quantity and Weight of all such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is or shall be by Law imposed, and every such Paper Maker in every such Entry,

state and set forth that no Paper was font or delivered out of the Mill of such Paper Maker, within such Month, which had not been duly weighed and charged with Duty by the proper Officer in charge of such Mill, and every such Entry shall be verified by the Oath of such Paper Maker, or his or her Chief Clcffc or Workman to be made before the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, -or any Surveyor of Excise of such District, or by any Person authorized by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to administer Oaths in Revenue Matters, and which Oath every such Collector or other Officer aforesaid. Surveyor or other Person is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, and every such Piper Maker for every Neglect or Default of making such Entry verified upon Oath as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and every such Entry shall be in lieu and instead of the Entry which any Paper Maker it or may be required to make every Six Weeks or every Month, under the Provisiont of the said recited Aftr made in Ireland in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for securing the CdllcftioirTif the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; or of an Act made in Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His said Majesity't Reign, for amending and continuing the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of fcxcifc

at any time in the Day time to enter into any Mill of any Paper Maker, and to treasure and take ao Account of each and every Engine, Vat and Wet Press in such Mill; and if any Paper Maker or his or her Servant ftoll not, on Demand made by any Officer of Excise at such Mill, or at the Dwelliisg House of such Paper Maker, admit such Officer and Officers into such Mill, or shall not permit such Officer and Officers to viewy meafuce and take an Account of all and every such Engines, Vats and Wet Prefles as aforesaid, or if any Paper Maker shall not, on the Demand of any Officer of Excise, clear or cause to be cleared all Stuff and Materials out of each and every Engine which such Officer may require so to be cleared in order to enable him to xnpafure the fame, every such Paper Maker shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal by him or her, or his or her Servant, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. c-'l tin ,; l

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Paper Maker to fend or deliver ary Ream of Paper or any Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, out of the Mill or Manufactory of such Paper Maker, to any Paper Stainer, or to any Stationer or Dealer in Paper, without a Permit for the Removal thereof, signrd by the Officer in Charge of such Mill or Manufactory; and that every such Permit shall be written or printed in plain legible Characters, and shall contain such Particulars as shall from time to time be directed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, and also the several following Particulars; that is to say, the Date and Number of such Permit, and the District from whence issued, and the Place to which such Paper or Pasteboard as before described therein mentioned are intended to be carried, and shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, Quality and Denomination of Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheating Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as the fame is commonly and usually called and known, so intended to be conveyed under such Permit, and shall likewise contain the real Names and Surnames, and Place of Abode, and the Situation of the Mitt or Manufactory of the Paper Maker fending such Paper or Pasteboard as before described, and the real Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Paper Stainer, Stationer or Dealer in Paper, to whom such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid is intended to be sent, and also the Place to which such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall be intended to be sent 5 and in every such Permit shall be expressed and set forth the Date of the Month and Year when such Paper or Pasteboard was weighed and charged with Duty by the Officer; and if any Ream of Paper or Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be conveying or carrying, or carried or conveyed from the Mill or Manufactory of any Paper Maker, to any Paper Stainer, Stationer or Dealer in Paper, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, unless the Carrier or Person conveying the fame, or the Person in whole Possession the same shall be, shall, on Demand made by any Officer of Excise, produce a Permit under the Hand of the proper Officer of Excise, authorizing the Removal of such Paper or Pasteboard respectively; and upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture of any such Paper 01* Pasteboard respectively, which shall be found conveying or conveyed, without such Permit as aforesaid, the Pfoof of the Person from and to whom, and the Place from and to which such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall be conveying, or conveyed, shall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, and not on the Officer or Person profveuting such Information; and in case any fictitious Name or Names, or the Name of any Person from or to whom such Paper'*ot Pasteboard as aforesaid mentioned in any Permit shall not be intended to be sent, shall be inserted in any Permit or Permits, or ria case such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall be delivered from or to any other Person, or from or at any other Place than from or to the person or from and at the Place mentioned in the

fcxiiutf

r5$° BBQJOGU HI.

QOi.

Kn,

10 »tr>sJ to

b mh

Permit, such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid tneritioned in such Perrtrit shall be forfeited* and may be

seized by any Officer of Excise 5 and in every such Permit shall be likewise mentioned some reasonable iirrtited time for such Permit being in force for the Conveyance of the Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid therein mentioned, from one Place to another, and after the Expiration of such limited time, such Permit shall not be in force for protecting the Conveyance of such Paper br Pasteboard as aforesaid, and the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and every such Permit in which there shall be any Erasure, Interlineation or Alteration, shall be null and void, and the Paper or Pasteboard conveying or conveyed for the 4r, ' 4 Protection of which any erased, interlined or altered Permit shall be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be // "*' t seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and no such Permit shall be granted by any Officer, unless a Request Note or Requifttion in Writing, duly stamped according to Law, shall have been delivered by or on behalf of the Party requiring such Permit; and every such Requpft Note or Requisition shall contain the Name and Surname of the Paper Maker, and Situation of the Mill or Manufactory of the Paper Maker fending such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid, and the Name and Surname of the Person to whom intended to beTent,

; 'ind fyecifying whether such Person is a Paper Seller, Paper Staler or Dealer in Paper, and also the Place to which such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid is intended to be fe»0 and such Requifttion or Request Note shall particularly exprefa the Marks, Weight, Package, Quantity and Denomination of such Paper, Pasteboard,

Millbo&fd* Scaleboard or* Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button1 Board, according ad* the fame- is commonly and usually called and known, and the Date of the Month and Year the fame was respectively. weighed rand charged with Duty.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ul all cases where the Carriage of any Paper, If Paper not Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button carried with* Board, shall by means of any Accident be prevented from .being performed/ within the time limited by the [i^oV'h^Actl-Permit, and that fully provfed-.to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any [jen°c"pemnr"

1 Three of Chem^ or any/'Three Sub Commissioners of Excise in their respective DifLriCh, , the Permit shall Hill to remain in continue and be ini force for the Carriage of such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid to the Place of their force. Destination, for such time only and no longer as was loft or delayed by such Accident* d: ;*7 / Y

to

XXIX. And be it enacted, That on Oath made by the Carrier or Person in vrhofe Possession any Paper, Evidence of Loft Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button tJ

Boirfd, for whidi a Penife shall have been granted, shall be found, of the Lois of such Permit, and by the ta eIU Paper Maker who shall have font the fame under such Permit, before any Commissioner or Sub Commissioner of Excise, that such tPermit was taken but and \vas not ufod or intended to be used to his Knowledge or Belief fraudulently to cover or proteCf any other Paper or Pasteboard whatever, but was taken out for the particular Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid so seized, in such case the Entry from such Permit in the Books of the proper Officer, or a Copy thereof duly attelled, shall be Evidence of such Permit having been taken out, and such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall thereupon be restored to the Owner or Proprietor thereof 2 Provided always, that if the Carriage of any such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall be prevented Where Qtp., from being fully performed within the fme limited in such Permit by any unvoidable Accident, then on nagepCPwef Notice being immediately given by the Owner or Carrier of such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid to any Officer Occident No of Excise, and a Rest or Stay being made of such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid at or near the Place where f; »ch Accident shall happen, the Officer of Excise to whom such Notice shall be given shall without Delay repair to the Place where such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall then be, and if such Officer shall find upon View or Enquiry that such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid were (topped or delayed in their Carriage by Accident, then such Officer shall thereupon, by Endorsement on such Permit, enlarge the time for the Carriage of such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid to the Place of their tirft Dcftination; and if any Officer ne$lc&-Officnr of Exc*fe shall wilfully or negligently omit or refuse to do his Duty therein according to the Directions nig Duty, aforesaid, such Officer shall, on Proof being made thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in IrelanA*, or any Three or more of them, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer granting or renewing any such Permit to Officer granting examine upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby authorized to administer, any Person or Persons applying for renewing such Permit, whether the Duty was actually paid for the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed ^.^Vhether Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, for which such Permit shall be so de- on pa^r mantled, and as to the Identity of such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid, and to all such Matters as shall appear paid.*

to such Officer or Officers necessary to satisfy him or them that the Duties payable on such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid had been duly paid. i'[ tufiov'l

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time counterfeit or forge any Permit Forcing Permits, or Let-pass for the Carriage of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheath- fcc*

ing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or shall counterfeit any Impression, Stamp or Mark provided or appointed or to be provided or appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes or Customsnd.Port Duties for the time being, or any Three or more of them* to be put to or upon such Permit or Let-paL, or shall make use of any such counterfeit or forged Permit or Let-pass with such counterfeit Impression,

Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeited, such Person Persons being thereof legally ctm- i>M<

T^&ed shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Space of Seven Yearsk

' 1,

XXXII. And be it further enacted, Tiffit if any stamped, marked.ur labelled Cover or Wrapper which Coven, See.

johad; before contained any Paper shall be found conveying or conveyed, the same shall be forfeited, and may be used before, seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and all and every Carriage-i» or on which any such stamped, marked ur labelled Cover or Wrapper which hail before contained any Ream or Bundle of Paper shall be found

/»'jo rt ad.!*bub 7 1l.y i yfj v) yo niofl ur ft > I<|*y.is »o m; m to »r»hf in

>.M .7

tice given, and time enlarged by Indiniement ou Permit.

Dutieshow levied

[Proviso.]

AWtement of Duty made in cases of Accident.

[Proviso.]

Act to extend to Papers of all Sorts.

Perjury.

Subornation of Perjury.

Powers of certain Acts extended to Act.

38 G. 3. (1.) c. 29.

40O.3. (I.) c. 76.

Penalties, &c. ir British Currency.

How levied and applied.

14 & IS Car. a. (L) SeflC 4. c. S 46 G. 3. c.xo6. c.

C. 113. 55° GEORGII III. A.a1815.

in the Course of Conveyance, nd every Horse or Beast of Burthen attached teaavlaeb Carnawa. imTl-feited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any Duties payable by any Paper Maker shall be w* paid at the time when such Duties are or shall be by Law made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Duties shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and didrain all or any Paper and Materials for making Paper, and all or any Engines, Vats, Wet Prefies, or other Utensils for making Paper in any Paper Mill or other Place used by any such Paper Maker, and to canfe the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof; and if after the Payment of aH Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Paper Maker, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking, distrainin? and Sale, there shall be any Surplus anting from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Paper Maker or his Representatives: Provided always, that when any of the Articles aforesaid shall be so taken and ditirained, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker or his Re-

Srefentatives at any time or times before the time appointed for the Sale thereof, to reqaire the same to be de-vered up to him or them upon his or their paying to the Collector or Officer in charge as aforesaid, toyrds discharging the Duties so due and payable, together with the Costs and Expences as aforesaid, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall detire to have delivered up, and the fame may be delivered up accordingly.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Paper Maker in Inland shall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been prevented from working any Engine kept by such Paper Maker during the Whole or any Part of any Month for which such Paper Maker shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Inland, or any Three of them, oa Proof on Oath made to their Satisfaction, that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable, and not owing to any Default or Negligence, to make any proportionate Abatement of any Charge of Duty which shall have been returned against such Paper Maker for and in respect of the Engine which such Paper Maker dull be so prevented from working: Provided always, that any such Abatement shall be first approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland: Provided also, that it any Duty chargeable by Weight on the Paper made by such Paper Maker within such Month as aforesaid shall amount to the Sum by Law chargeable in refoed of such Engine for such Month, then and in such case no such Abatement shall be made to such Paper Maker. .>.^2 ud

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every thing in this Act contained relating to any Paptror f aft*, board or to any Paper Maker, shall be deemed and construed to extend and shall extend to all Paper of every Sort and Kind, and to all Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheafing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and to every Maker and Manufacturer of every Sort and Kind of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and that every thing in this Act contained relating to any Paper Mill, shall be deemed and construed to extend and shall extend to every Manufactory and Place in which the making or manufacturing of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hang-ings, Sheating or SheathinglPaper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be carried on or in which any Papery Pasteboard*. Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Bat* ton Paper or Button Board, shall be dried or kept as fully as if such Matters and Things had been repeated and expressed throughout the Body of this Act. u <-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath or make any ASrmatioi by this A d required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, any such Person being duly convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force' in Ireland; and if any Person mall corruptly pro cure or fubqrn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, any fiach Person being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Inland.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisiona, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeit* ureB, Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Inland, in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to feewre the Colic Sion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein; or in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be applied in Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, so far as the same are compatible and con* tiftent with the Provisions of this Act, and except so far as the same are expressly altered or repealed by this Act.

t XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable in British Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied in such Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Diredipneas are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the, Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majestjj his Heirs and Successors, r* cording to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majestys Reign, intituled An Act to provide fdr the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues* Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commis

Jioners

J

A.D. 1815. £$* GEORGII IIf. 0.112, 1*3. 'gfX

Jtoners of Ma*dX*£ftmd Tanas hf Ireland f or id anxHjy any other Act or Aftlhf foraefoY^W, relating to the Revenue of Custems and Excise, or either of them, at rally and feffectimlly to all Intents and Ptfrpofee,

-» if the fame were harafal repeated and re^eaafted, with the like remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Appal*'

Pardee aggrieved, at in and by the fad recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence mid take Effect from the Twenty fifth Commencement Day of August Onetfaoufrnd eight hundred and fifteen, and not before. n wf

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for altering certain Drawbacks apd> Countervailing Duties on Glass; for exempting Irt/b Glass Bottles from the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; ami for exempting the Leather and Glass of Carriages belonging to certain Persons imported from Ireland

for Private Use from Duty.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by slri Act made id the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King 498*3* 5*63*

Georgs the Third, among other things, for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making. T

Spread Window' Glass arid Crown Glass, and for grantirig other Duties in lieu thereof, a Drawback of

One Pound Sixteen Shillings arid Nine pence id allowed for every Hundred Weight of all Window Glass, .;

not being Spread Glass, whether fislshed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Gfcsfe or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britainf and exported to Foreign Parts or to ' Ireland a* Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and by another Act made

4 in the Fiftyflrft Ye&r of the said Reign, ainorig other things, for repealing the Duty on the Materials used 5X 8.3. c. 69.

4 in iriakirig Ffifit and Phial Glass, and for granting, until the Day therein mentioned, other Duties in lieu

thereof, a Drawback of Tw6 Pounds Nine Shillings is allowed for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass or 5 3*

of Phial Glass respectively made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed for and in respect*5

thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland as Merchandize, and so in

FfropOrriori for any greater or less Quantity; and by another Act made in the Fifty second Year of the said 5* 8* 3* <? 71-

Reign, among* other things, for granting an additional Drawback on Flint, Phial and Crown Glass, an 51*.,

additional Drawback of Sixteen Shillings and Three pence is allowed for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass

and PhialGlbft retyeftively blade in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported directly into Great Britain,

for which all the Duties imposed for* or in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to Foreign

Paris as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and an additional Drawback ft*

4 Of Seven Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny is allowed for every Hundred Weight of all Window Glass so

made, paid Duty fori and exported, not being Spread Glass, and commonly called or known by the Name

of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity $ and by

another Act mkde in the Year last aforesaid, among other things, for granting to His Majesty additional jaG.3. c. 94.

Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Glass, a Drawback of Three Pounds Five Shillings and Three pence Sck B.

is allowed for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and of Phial Glass respectively made in Great Britain,

or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts,

and in the same Proportion as to any greater or less Quantity 5 and a Drawback of Two Pounds Four

Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny is allowed for every Hundred Weight of all Window Glass, not being

Spread Glass, whether flaftied or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of

Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence

into Great J ritain9 and exported from thence to Foreign Parts, and in the same Proportion as to any

greater or less Quantity: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Drawbacks, and to allow fucp

other Drawbacks as are herein after mentioned y Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi? present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said several Drawbacks shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively »o part repeal*!, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of March One thousanfl eight FollowingDrew. hundred and fifteen, there shall, in Consideration of the Waste arising from the cutting of Tables of Crown back* allowed. Glass into Panes, be allowed the following Drawbacks 5 that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight of Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flafbed or otherwise Drawbacks, manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass? made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties jfpposed for, or in respect thereof shah have bferi paid, and which shall be exported in whole Tables, or Half Tables, or , Quarter Tables, a, Drawback of Thre

Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Sixpence, and so in Proportion fop any grater o* let Quantity than a Hundred Weight, or such Whole Tables, or Half Tables, or Quarter Tables, calculating the said Dr^w* back upon the Weight of the Whole Table exported# although the fame may id cyt into Half or Quarte*

Tables for the Convenience of Exportation s

For every Hundred Weight of Panes of Window Qlafs, not being Spread Glaft, whether ffcftwd w other-.wife manufactured, and commonly called or known ^either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Great BrUainx and for which all tM.Dutiesjmppfed for Arid, i# tl^pf shall few?

" paid,

35* C.«J|.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

fa4*a»

1*0. j.«. 77.

t*

*Ovj.e.7>

5*0. j. CJ4.

MuC.

Mn itfulid

tfO.1. c. 12.

It*

paid, and which shall he exported to Part* beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, sr the islands of Guenfey+ Jersey, Alderney, &iri or A/an, such Panes being in regular rectangular Figures, not being of less Dimensions than Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth, nor containing any Part of the Bullion or thick eentre Part of the Table from which any such Panes shall have been cut, a Drawback of Four Pounds Eigiu teen Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight of such Panes.

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass Wares, Vessels or UtenfiU, or of Phial Glass Wares, Vessels or Utensils, respectively, made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed for and in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported to Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey % Jersey, Alderney, Sari or Man, a Drawback of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight of such Flint Glass or of Phial Glass Wares, Vessels or Utensils, and for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass Wares, Vessels or Utensils, or of Phial Glass Wares, Vessels or UtenfiU respectively, made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed for and in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland or the Islands of Guernsey, Jer/ey9 Alderney, Sark or Many a Drawback of Six Pounds Three Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight of such Flint GUIs or of Phial Glass Wares, Vessels or UtenfiU.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Drawbacks by this Act allowed shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excise by Law imposed for or in respect of Crown Glass, Flint and Phial GUU respectively, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, restrictions and Provisions, contained and provided in and by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things, for the Amendment of the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Exportation of Glass on Drawback, save and except that in lieu and instead of the Oath required by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid to be made by the Exporter, that he believes the Duties upon the Materials to have been fully paid, the Exporter shall make Oath that he believes the said Glass to be ciitirelf of British Manufacture, and that the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of such Flint Glass, Phial Glass or Crown Glass respectively intended to be exported, to have been fully paid (and which said lift mentioned Oath the proper Surveyor or Supervisor, or Officer of Excise, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer) and any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any case in which the said la(l mentioned Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Fifty second Year of the said Reign, among other

1 things, for granting an additional Drawback on Flint, Phial and Crown Glass, a Countervailing Duty of

c Seven Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Window' Glass (not

being Spread Glass) whether flashed or otherwise mar.ufadlured, and commonly called or known by the

Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain; and by the said last mentioned Act a Countervailing Duty of Sixteen Shillings ind Three pence is

also imposed for every Hundred Weight of Flint or Phial Glass made in Ireland, and imported from

thence into Great Britain: And Whereas by the said Act m. de in the Fifty second Year of the said

Reign, among other things, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on«Glal Is, an additional Countervailing Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flafhrd or other-

wife manufacturecd, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass,

made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain; and by the said last mentioned Act an additional Countervailing Duty of Three Pounds Five Shillings and Three pence is also imposed for every

Hundred Weight of Flint Glass or Phial Glass, made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Countervailing Duties of Seven Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny, and also Sixteen Shillings and Three pence, and also Seven Shillings and Ten pence

Halfpenny, Part of the said Countervailing Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings and Seven pence Half-

penny, and also Sixteen Shillings and Three pence, Part of the said Countervailing Duty of Three Pounds

Five Shillings and Three pence Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said recited Countervailing Duties, and Parts of Countervailing Duties, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may on that Day remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto.

4 V. And Whereas by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, among other things, for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, it was enacted, that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who should make or cause to be made any Glass in London, or in any Parts within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, should Monthly and every Month, and all and every Person or Persons who should make or cause to be made any Glass in any other Part of Great Britain should once in every Six Weeks, make a true Entry in Writing at the ncit Office of Excise for the said Duties, of the true Quantities of the Metals and Materials mixed and used in each respective Making of Glass within such Month or Six Weeks respectively, and that the Entries should be made upon Oath by the Makers of such Glass, or by their Clerk, Workman or Servant, employed in making the same, according to the bell of their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker, Clerk, Workman or Servant should be a known Quaker, and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Clerk, Workman or Servant to the fame Effect, in case he, she or they should be a known Quake*, should and might be taken

XI

ssfi GftanQH) "t*

Ifft'-P

instead of such Oath; ^nd the said Entries, Oath* and Affirmations to verify, the fame, should be rtiade

with and administered by such Persons respectively, as are in that behalf directed in and by the said Act;

And Whereas the Duties for or in respect of the Materials or'Metal, or other preparations made use of in the making of Fjiut Glass, or Enamel, Stained or Palie Glass, or Phial Glass, Spread Window Glaft

commonly called gr -known by the Name of Broad Qla£^ and Window Glass, - not being Spread Glpft- whether flaffie^l or otherwise manufactured, and commonly c^led or known either by the Name of Ci'Own Glass or German Sheet.Qlfds, are by the several Acts of Parliament in those cases respectively made and provided, repealed^ apdtotJier Duties are by the several Acts of Parliament in that behalf imposed on Flint Glass, phial Glass, Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass and

iuuum Glass, not being Spread. Qla^s, whether flaffied or otherwise iyianufadured, and commonly called or kqown either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, in lieu of the said Duties on the-

y c. ii4

Declaration as is in the said Act in that behalf mentioned, and making the same under th^ Regulations by the taia Ad m that behalf prescribed, is to be deemed and taken to be the Weight of jtfee Materials, or

Metal, pr -o^hec Preparations from which inch Bottles or other Vessels or Utensils respectively shall hfcve been maefc; and it is therefore expedient, that iiplieu of the said reci]ted*oath or Affirmation^ so far as the fame respectively extend to the Materials above mentioned, such other Oath and Affirmation^ herein after

mentioned should be made; Be it therefore enacted, .That, from and after the First Day of*.March One Glass $flfak£fs: thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever who shall make or cause to be London n^ade in Lot\d, on % or in any Parts within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any Flint Glafp, 6$ Monthly, and

1> ij^U : wi. -ouri

ixr*

fi i«t

Enamel, Stained or Pafle Glass, or Phial Glass, or any such Window Glass, or who, under the said Declara- "sir

tion and Regulations in that behalf prescribed by the said Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His said Majesty's wecks, to tdak*

Reign, shall in London, or within the said Limits, make or cause to be made any Common Bottles or other Eniry of if

Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, shall Monthly and every Month, and all and every Person; or Per- Weight of Glafc fons who shall make or cause to be made any such Glass in any other Part of Great Britain shall oucc in every on °ath'

Siix ^Weeks, iu fieu. and in (lead of the said recited Oath or Affirmation respectively, make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise for the said Duties of the true Weight of all such Flint Glass, Enamel,

taineef or Paste Glass or Phial Glass, and also the Weight of all such Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, and the Weight of all Window Glass not being Spread Glass,

whether % flaffied or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown

Glass or German Sheet Glass, and the Weight of all such Common Bottles or other Vessels or Utensils made "*' \

of Common Bottle Metal respectively, made by him, her or them within such Month or Six Weeks respect-

ivclv, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect of Entry the Sum of One Hundred Pounds; which Entries penalty.

shall be made upon Oath by the Makers of such Glass, or by their Clerk, Workman or Servant employed in Oath.

making the same according to the bed of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker, Clerk,

Workman or Servant be a known Quaker; and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Clerk, Workman or Servant, to the fame Effect, in case he, she or they be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath; apd the fai<jl Entries, Oaths and Affirmations to verify the fame, shall, for such Entries, Oaths oathi and Affirmations as shall be made within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, be made with and where made, administered^by such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England> or the maiqr Part of them for the time being, who shall attend at the General Excise Office in London for that Purpose; and fgy all such Entries, Oaths and Affirmations, as shall be made in all other Parts of Great Britain, with or by their respective Collectors or Supervisors of the District or Division within which such Glass Houses shall be situated, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the fame#

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking, a false Oath or Affirmation in any case in which an Oath or Affirmation is required to be taken by virtue of tins Ad,

Thallffie.liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

( VlT. And Whereas by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty Kinge G.

George the Third, among other things, for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under*the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, it is enacted, that the Exporter of such Glass, as im^the $ 4?

said Act is in that behalf mentioned, shall, before the shipping the fame, give such Security as in the said Act --«.

4 is in that behalf directed, that the particular Quantity of Glass intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unffiippec}, unloaded qr laid-on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, Shipwreck or other unavoidable*. Occident excepted And Whereas no time is by Law limited within which Qlafs entered for Exportation on Drawback shall be fipp- ped, anc} .it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as. is herein after mention^dp-uJBe it therefore, eu acted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July 0*e thpufam} , $jght hundred and.jfifte$k, qvery (ucjv Security Security under shall he conditioned that the Glass, for the shipping and Exportation whereof fuqh-'Security shall bp given, A<A conditioned shall be shipped within One Month next after the Date of such Security,; Provided, ?al^yrneypctheless* that \hj^hf* One it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any

Three or more of them, being satisfied that the shipping of such Glass, within the tape Specified in the Condition of any such Security, has been prevented by unavoidable Accident, to re fuqfi further time

not exceeding Three Months for the shipping thereof; Proyidedalfo, that nQtfuph gating or giving of £ut- CommifTicners ther time shall extend, or he deemed or construed to extend, to annul, vary or alter the Condition of any lych of Excile m*y Security or the legal Interpretation or Effect thereof, but the same shall remain in fill Force and Efled»nd ?lvc further

5S G*0' m'7z beUme*

Fee.

Perjury.

c. 7T-

Vo Addition made to Giaft after it it packed up and iealed.

No Drawback allowed for Old Glair, &c.

Placing Iiilh-made Flint, fee. GUIs in Pack-age containing British Glass for Exportation.

[Penalty.]

54O.3. c. 97. §3.

Irish Common Glass Bottles Imported exempted from Duty under Ad.

39*40 G.3, c. 67. Art. 6. Sdv A.

No Counter-Tailing Duty payable on Lea-ther or GLfs employed in certain Carriages.

Repealed Duties not collected discharged out of Book of Entry.

C113. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if no Power or Authority had been given to the said Com-xnissioners of Excise to grant or give such further time for the shipping of any such Glass, lave and except in any case where the Commissioners of Excise shall in their Judgment and Discretion forbear to put any such Security in Suit for any Breach of the Condition thereof; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Person or Persons who shall have given such Security as aforesaid, and any Glass shall have been packed up in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, as or for the Glass mentioned in such Security, and shall have been secured with such Fastenings, and sealed with such Seal or Mark or Seals or Marks as by Law required, no Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to make any Addition of Glass thereto, for the Purpose of making up any Deficiency which may be discovered in the Quantity or Weight of such Glass below the Quantity specified in any such Security, or for any other Purpose whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed for or in respect of any Glass which has been used and commonly called or known by the Name of Old Glass or Second-hand Glass, or for or in respect of any Lumps of Glass, or Cane Glass, or Glass of any Kind, other than Vessels, U ten fils, Window Glass, Plate Glass, Lenses, Lamps, or other Articles of Household Furniture; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And, for the further Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lay, place or deposit, or cause to be laid, placed or deposited any Trj/fc-made Flint. Phial or Crown Glass in any Cask, Box, Chest or other Package containing British-made Flint Glass, Phial Glass or Crown Glass respectively, packed or packing for Exportation on Drawback, or shall lay, place or deposit, or cause to be laid, placed or deposited any Flint Glass, Phial Glass or Crown Glass made before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in any Cask, Box, Chest or other Package containing Flint Glass, Phial Glass or Crown Glass respectively packed or packing for Exportation, in order to obtain the additional Drawback granted by this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit andjlofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and every such Calk, Box, Cheff or other Package, and all the Glass contained therein, shall be forfeited.

XI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for granting an Excise Duty on Common Glass Bottles imported, an

Inland Duty of Eight Shillings and Two pence is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Common Glafi Bottles (the fame not being Phials) imported into Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient to exempt from the said Duty, and also from the Rules, Regulations and Provisions by the said Act established or prescribed, all Common Glass Bottles, made in Ireland, and imported from thence directly into Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all Common Glass Bottles made in Ireland, and imported from thence directly into Great Britain, shall be and the same are hereby exempted from the said Duty, and from the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Prori-(ions by the said Act established or prescribed.

XII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and other Act nowin force, certain Countervailing Duties are imposed for Leather manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, and on Irish Glass imported into Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient to exempt from the said Countervailing Duties the Leather actually worked up and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any Coach, Landau, Chariot,

Landaulet, Chaise or other wheel Carriage of and belonging to any Officer of State in Ireland, or any Mem-

ber of either of the Two Houses of Parliament, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland,

for the foie and entire Use of such Officer of State, or Member of cither House of Parliament respectively,

and not as Merchandize or for Sale, and also to exempt Irish Glass actually worked up and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any such Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or other Wheel Carriage f* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, no Countervailing Duty shall be paid or payable for or in respect of the Leather actually worked up and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any such Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or other Wheel Carriage as aforesaid, nor for or in respect of the Glass actually worked up, and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any such Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or other Wheel Carriage; any thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been charged as such Duty or Duties for or in respect whereof the Duties by this Act repealed, and which shall not before the passing of this Act have been actually collected, received or paid, to be discharged from and out of the Books and other Documents containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any such Charge or Sum or Sums of Money.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 114- 35S

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to augment the Salary of the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, and to enable His Majesty to grant an additional Annuity to such Master of the Rolls on the Resignation of his Office; and to regulate the Disposal of the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a further Augmentation should be made in the Salary of the Master ' of the Rolls in Ireland, and that further Provision should be made for Persons holding the Office

of Master of the Rolls in Ireland, in the Event of their quitting the said Office 5* We, Your Majesty* most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Addition i# passing of this Act, there shall be issued and paid and payable to the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, out of Salary of Master and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, after paying and reserving sufficient to l*e Ro, k* pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be

paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund, such further and additional annual Sum as shall make up the whole Salary, Fees and Pecuniary Profits belonging to the said Office of Master of the Rolls, the annual Sum of Four thousand three hundred Pounds free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever; to be Subject to Re-issued and paid Quarterly, in the like manner and subject to the like Accounts, and to all such Provisions, Rules gulation in, and Regulations, as are directed by an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 4tO-3-(U. KJ intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls in that Part of the United Kingdom C' % % called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office; the First Payment of such further and additional Sum to be made on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Allowance tq by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, to give and grant unto any Person who, having executed Master of the the said Office of Master of the Rolls in Ireland, shall at any time after the passing of this Act resign the said Rolb>00 Refi&-Office, a further Annuity or yearly Sum of Six hundred Pounds Irish Currency; which said Annuity or ^nn^tion yearly Sum shall be in addition to and in Augmentation of the Annuity or yearly Sum allowed to be given and to g\ven by granted to the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, under the Provisions of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland 40 G 3. (I.) in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant An- c. 69. unities to the Lord High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Master of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Commissary of the Court of Prerogative, the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, and AJffJlant Barrijlers of the several other Counties, on the Rejtgnation of their respective Offices; and to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty Jtxtb Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for increasing the Salaries of the Chief and other Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom; and in like manner to commence from and after the Period when the Person Commeace-to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid shall resign his said Office, ment* and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be issued and payable out of and shall be charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and the said last recited Act of the Fortieth Consolidated Year of His present Majesty* Reign, and all Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, so far as Fund-the same are applicable, and are not hereby altered, shall be in force, and be applied to carry into Effect the 4c G' 3* Purposes of this Act in respect of the said additional Annuity.

III. And Whereas the Six Clerks in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland have been accustomed at all times to fell their Offices: And Whereas it hath been customary that One Fifth Part of the Consideration of such Sale should be paid to the Use of the Master of the Rolls, or the Keepers or Guardians of the Rolls: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 49 °* 3- c. 116. An Act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices, it was, among other things, enacted, $ xa> that it should be lawful for the Persons then holding the Offices of Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, so to proceed touching the Disposal and Appointment of their said Offices, in such and the like manner to all Intents and Purposes as had been accustomed; but that from and after the Death, Resignation or Removal of each of them, and the actual Appointment of any Person in the stead of the Persons so dying, resigning or being removed, the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, against buying and selling of Offices, and of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, should be applicable and applied to the Offices of Six Clerks in the said Court of Chancery: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as relates to the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, it was enacted, that nothing in the said Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign contained, for preventing the Purchase, Sale, Exchange or Brokerage of Offices should extend to any Purchases, Sales or Exchanges of any Office or Offices of a Si*

Clerk or Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery in Ireland: And Whereas it is expedient to jnake new Provision for the Appropriation of such One Fifth Part of such Purchase Money: And Whereas if such Master of the Rolls were t« refuse appointing the Person who shall agree for the Purchase of such Office, without assigning

Z z 2 'any

4c« U. 3. 0-)

c. 69. in force.

53 G. 3. c.ixf.

35s

Six Clerks may fell, &c. Offices, Purchaser being approved of by Matter of the Rolls, and paying One Fifth Part into Bank, to Account of Teller of Exchequer.

J4 G.». c. 83.

la./

In case of Refu-fal of Matter of Rolls to approve Person appointed, C'erk may Petition, with Appeal to Lord Chancellor who may finally approve.

Provisow

Provisofor Vacancies by Death supplied by Matter of Rolls without pecuniary Consideration.

Transfers of Six Clerks' Offices by Deed indei ted and inrolkri in Chancery.

'Convention. London, 19th May 18x5.

C. 114, 115. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

any Cause for such Refusal, the Six Clerks might be prevented from obtaining the Benefit of the said recited Act For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, from time to time respectively, to fell, transfer and dispose of their Offices in the said Court to such Person and Persons as shall be qualified to execute the Duties of such Office, every such Person being approved of by the Master of the Rolls for the time being; and every fich Person shall pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit and Account of the Teller of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, One clear Fifth Part, without Deduction or Defalcation, of the entire Cor-sideration or Purchase agreed to be paid or received upon every such Sale, Transfer or Disposal, or in case the Consideration of any such Transfer or Disposal shall not be a pecuniary Consideration, every such Person shall pay as aforesaid the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds; and the Teller of the said Exchequer, upon production of a Certificate, or accountable Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank, shall give a Receipt for any such Sum, according to the Directions contained in an A£i made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and issues of His Majesty's Treasury, and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants in Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master of the Rolls shall refuse or unnecessarily delay to approve of any Person to whom any Six Clerk hath agreed or shall agree to sell and dispose of his Office of a Six Clerk, for want of Qualification or any other Cause, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for such Six Clerk to present a Petition in a summary way to the Master of the Rolls, verified by Affidavit for the Purpose of obtaining such Approbation; which Petition such Master of the Rolls is required to hear moved in open Court with all reasonable Dispatch, and thereupon to make such Order, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act as shall appear fit; from which Order such Petitioner may and shall be at Liberty to appeal to the Lord Chancellor or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland; and in case an Order shall be made on such Appeal, approving of such Person, the Master of the Rolls shall without further Delay, and he is hereby required to nominate and appoint the Person so approved of, to be a Six Clerk in the room of the Person so felling or resigning: Provided always, that a sufficient Acquittance shall be produced to the Master of the Rolls for the time being, for the Payment of the Money hereby required to be paid into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, before any Person shall be permitted to enter upon or exercise any such Office of a Six Clerk upon any such Sale, Transfer or Disposal as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to extend to Vacancies by Death in any Office of a Six Clerk in the said Court of Chancery, or to prejudice the Right of the Master of the Rolls, in the Event of a Vacancy by Death as aforesaid, to appoint and fill up such Vacancy without any Money or pecuniary Consideration for so doing.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That before any Six Clerk shall be actually appointed in consequence of any Sale or Transfer under the Provisions of this Act, a Deed indented shall be duly executed between the Parties to the Contract for such Sale or Transfer, containing fully and truly all and every the Terms of such Contract 5 and that the Truth thereof shall be verified by the Affidavit of the respective Parties thereto, to be sworn before one of the Masters of the said Court of Chancery, and to be filed in the said Court; and that such Deed shall be inrolled in the said Court, upon producing the attested Copies of such Affidavits.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of the Nether lands and the Emperor of all the Ruffias.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by a Convention signed at London on the Nineteenth Day of May One thousand eight9VV hundred and fifteen, between His Majesty on the One Part, and the King of the Netherlands and the Emperor of all the Rujftas respectively on the other, the following Articles, among others, were agreed9upon 5 that is to say, His Majesty the King of the Netherlands thereby engaged to take upon himself a Part

of the Capital, and Arrears of Interest, to the First of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteeo,

9 of the Ruffian Loan made in Holland through the Intervention of the House of Hope and Company,

9 in Amsterdam, to the Amount of Twenty five Millions of Florins Dutch Currency; the Annual9Interest of which Sum together with an Annual Payment for the Liquidation of the same as therein-9 after specified, should be borne by and become a Charge upon the Kingdom of the Netherlands; and His Majesty engaged on His Part to recommend to His Parliament to enable Him to take upon Himself an equal9Capital of the said Ruffian Loan, videlicet, Twenty five Millions of Florins Dutch Currency; the Annual9Interest of which Sum, together with an Annual Payment for the Liquidation of the fame, as thereinafter ' specified, should be borne by and become a Charge upon the Government of His Majesty 5 and the future Charge to which His said Belgick Majesty and His Majesty should be respectively liable in equal Shares on

Account of the said Debt, was to consist of an Annual Interest of Five per Centum on the said Capitals,

each of Twenty five Millions, together with a Sinking Fund of One per Centum for the Extinction of the r fame, the said Sinking Fund being subject however to be increased, on the Demand of the Ruffian Government, to any Annual Sum not exceeding Three per Centum, the same to be payable till the Capital of the said Debt should be fully discharged, when the aforesaid Charge for Interest and Sinking Fund should

wholly cease to be borne by His laid Belgick Majesty and His Majesty respectively; and His said Belgick9 Majesty and His Majesty respectively bound themselves, on or before the usual Day or Days in each Year9ou which the Interest on the said Debt should be due and payable, to deposit with the Agent of the Ruffian9Government in Holland, their respective Proportions of the said Interest and Sinking Fund, as above specified: Provided always, that previously to the Advance of each successive Instalment so to be paid,

15 4 the

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 115, 116. 357

the said Agent shall be authorized to furnish a Certificate to each of the said Two High contracting Parties, declaring that the preceding Instalment had been duly applied in Discharge of the Interest, and in Reduction of the Principal of the said Debt, together with the corresponding Payments on account of the Rujftan Government, on that Part of the Debt which should remain a Charge on the said Government;

and it was further agreed, That the Ruffian Government should continue as heretofore to be Security to the Creditors for the whole of the said Loan, and should be charged with the Administration of the fame;

the Governments of the King of the Netherlands, and of His Britannic Majesty, remaining liable and bound to the Government of His Imperial Majesty, and for the Punctual Discharge as above of their respective Proportions of the said Charge: and it was thereby understood and agreed between the High Contracting Parties, That the said Payments on the Part of the King of the Netherlands, and of His Majesty as aforesaid, should cease and determine, should the Possession and Sovereignty (which God forbid) of the Belgick Provinces at any time pass or be fevered from the Dominions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, -

previous to the complete Liquidation of the fame; and it was also understood and agreed between the High

Contracting Parties, That the Payments on the Part of the King of the Netherlands, and of His Majesty

4 as aforesaid, should not be interrupted in the Event (which God forbid) of a War breaking out between

any of the Three High Contracting Parties; the Government of His Majesty the Emperor of all the

Rujjias being actually bound to its Creditors by a similar Agreement: And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom have resolved that Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to defray the Expenses

which may be incurred in the Execution of the said Convention; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury of Money issued

Great Britain, or any Three or more of them, for the time being respectively, shall be and he and they is and out of Consoli-

are hereby empowered from time to time, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to cause to be issued ^Jte

such Sums of Money as shall be required for the Payment of the Interest on such Part of the Capital of the Fun"

said Rujfian Loan as is agreed to be borne by His Majesty as aforesaid, and also for the Payment of a Sinking conformably to

Fund of One Pound per Centum, or not exceeding Three Pounds per Centum, as the case may be, on the said Convention.

Part of the said Capital, for the Extinction of the fame, as and when the fame may from time to time respectively become payable, and so long as the fame should be payable conformably to the Tenor of His Majesty's

Engagements, as specified in the said Conventions respectively, and also such Sums as may be required to

say and satisfy all the Expences attending the Execution of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for Account* hid the time being, shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament, within Twenty beforePariia-Days after the Commencement of every Session, an Account up to the Thirty first Day of December then next roent' preceding, of the total Sums which shall from time to time have been issued and applied by virtue of this Act for paying and satisfying the Interest on the said Part of the said Loan so agreed to be borne by His said Majesty, on all or any of the said Securities, and towards paying and satisfying the Principal thereof (in case the Principal of any of the said Securities shall then have been paid) and also for paying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, and the Sinking Fund for the Extinction of the fame; and such Account shall also specify how much of the said Part of the said Loan has been discharged, and how much remains to be discharged.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the Com- Treasury may missioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to appoint such Officers and appoint Officer Clerks as they may deem necessary for carrying this Act into Execution; and to grant such Salaries and Compensations to the said Officers and Clerks, for their Trouble and Labour therein, as they may think fit

and reasonable in that behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act to be parted A & altered, &c. in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to make further Regulations for the Registry of Ships built in India.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 26 G. 3. c. 60.

sin A3 for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation: And Whereas another Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to % y G. 3. c. 19. 4 enforce and render more cjfeBual federal Acts passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts, made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation: And Whereas another Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the 34 G. 3. c. 68.

further Encouragement of British Mariners; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And Whereas it is necessary to make further Provision for the Execution of the Provisions of the said Acts, in the Territories under the Government of the East India Company, and other Territories belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of Collector of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Collector of Duties payable at any Port to the East India Company, or Dimes at any other Person of the Rank in the said Company's Service of Senior Merchant, or of Six Years' standing in the Jr*1 ["*yjj-Service, being respectively appointed to act in the Execution of this Act by any of the Governments of the said and certify8 Ships*East

35

yi Ports whtrs no Collector or Comptroller of tfuftoni.

Ship* not forfeited for want of Registry, un-leis returned to Port before limited time, and departed therefrom.

What Ships do not require Registry.

India-built Ships although duly reziflered, not entitled to Privilege of British-built Ships, but those specified in former Acts.

53 0-3- c. 155.

54 G. 3. c. 34.

Not to afreftVcffels registered.

Lascars and Na tives of India not

C. 116. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

East India, Company in India, in any Ports in which there shall be no Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, to register, and grant Certificates of the Registry of all Ships and Vessels buik in any Territories, Countries, Islands or Places, under the Government of the East India Company, or belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, and belonging to such Ports respectively, which are by the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, required and entitled to be registered; and all such Officers and Persons respectively are hereby authorized and required to do every Act, Matter and Thing, in relation to such Remitters and Certificates, and as to all Transfers of Property of such Ships and Vessels, and all other British registered Ships, in the said Acts required to be done by any Officers respectively of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and the said Governments of the East India Company, and act Governors and Lieutenant Governors of any Territories, I Hands and Places, belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, are hereby authorized and empowered to do all Acts, Matters and Things, and make all such Orders in relation to the Registry of any such Ships or Vessels, and as to the Periods within which Ships built before the passing of this Act may be registered, and the Ports at which any such Ships or Vessels may be registered, and as to all Matters and Things relating thereto, and to any Transfers of Property in any such Ships or Vessels, as any Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs are by the said Acts or any of them authorized or empowered to do in relation to Ships and Vessels built before or after the passing of the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid 5 and all Powers and Authorities given in the said Acts to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Officers of the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain respectively, in relation to the Registering of Ships and Vessels, as to any Act, Matter or Thing, relating thereto, or as to any Penalties or Forfeitures, or the Application thereof, and as to the seizing of any Ships or Vessels as forfeited under the said Acts for want of Certificates of Registry, shall be used, exercised, applied, enforced and put in Execution, in relation to all Ships and Vessels built in any Territories, Countries, Islands or Places, under the Government of the said East India Company, or belonging to His Majesty within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, either before or after the passing of this Act, and required and entitled to be registered under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated andre-enacted in this Act; and all such Ships and Vessels fluil, when so registered, be deemed and taken to be British-built Ships, registered under the said recited Acts, and entitled to all the Privileges and Advantages of Ships built in the United Kingdom, and registered as such; except as in this Act herein after excepted.

II. And Whereas it is necessary to give sufficient time for the Registry of Ships and Vessels Be it therefore enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel, carrying on Trade between India and the United Kingdom, or within the Limits of the Charter of the said East India Company as aforesaid, shall become forfeited, or subject to Seizure as forfeited, for want of a Certificate of Registry, until after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, unless such Ship or Vessel shall, after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before the said First Day of July, have returned to the Port or Place to which (he shall belong, and afterwards departed from such Port without being duly registered under the Provisions of the said recited Acts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Acts or in any other Acts contained, shall subject any Ship or Vessel, built or to be built within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, which shall not be of the Burthen of Three hundred and fifty Tons; or any Ship or Vessel built within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, now the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects within the Limits aforesaid, and employed in Trade as heretofore solely within the said Limits, including the Cape of Good Hope; or any Ship or Vessel which now is or at any time before the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen shall be building within the Limits aforesaid, on account of any of His Majesty's Subjects within the said Limits, and shall be employed in Trade solely within the said Limits, including the said Cape of Good Hope, to any Penalty, Forfeiture, Disability or Impediment by reason of such Ship or Vessel not being registered, and not being British-built, or to affect the Property or any Transfer of Property in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid which shall not be registered.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ships or Vessels, built in any Countries, Territories, Ports or Places under the Government of the East India Company, or belonging to His Majesty within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, and registered under the Authority of this Act as British-built, and owned by Subjects of His Majesty, and navigated according to Law, shall be entitled to the Privileges of Brityh-b\i\\t Ships, owned, registered and navigated according to Law, in any Voyages or Trade beyond the Limits of the said Company's Charter, other than and except such as are specified in an Act, passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company*s Charter; and in another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for tba

further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company; any thing in this Act, or in any or either of the said recited Acts, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed in any manner to affect the Privilegee of any Ship or Vessel already registered as British-buWt, or to affect the Right of any Ship or Vessel now built or building to Registry as British-b\\\\t.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Asiatic Sailors, Lascars or Natives of any of the Territories, Countries, Islands or Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, although.

16 bon

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. n 6, 117. 359

born in Territories, Countries, Islands or Places under the Government of His Majesty, or of the East India Company, shall at any time be deemed or taken to be British Sailors, Seamen or Manners, within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year aforesaid, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Navigation of British Ships by Subjects of His Majesty, for the Purpose of entitling any Ship or Vessel to be deemed to be a British Ship navigated according to Law, and to have the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships, having the Mailer and Three fourths of the Mariners British Subjects; any thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Ship or Vessel belonging to any Port within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, or usually navigated by such AJtatic Sailors, Lascars or Natives aforesaid, as Mariners, shall, while carrying on Trade to and from India to the United Kingdom, forfeit any Privileges or Advantages of a British-hxxAt Ship, to which (he may be by Law entitled, by reason of having any Proportion of such Mariners, without the due Proportion of British Mariners, until the Expiration of Twelve Months of continued Peace after the Conclusion of the present War 2 Provided also, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation, upon or after the Commencement of any Hostilities, to permit all Merchant Ships, or any other Trading Vessels, and all Privateers, to be manned wholly, or in any such Proportions as shall be specified in any such Proclamation, with such Asiatic Sailors, Lascars or Natives aforesaid, for and during such Periods as shall be specified in any such Proclamation as aforesaid.

VII. And Whereas Lascars, and other Natives of the East, are not deemed to be equal in Strength and Use to European or other Seamen; and the requiring the Proportion of Three fourths of British Seamen, in Ships having, as Part of the Crew, Lascars and Natives of the East, would compel such Ships to carry a larger Number of British Seamen than other Ships, or to employ a smaller Number of Lascars and Natives of the East, than would be sufficient to make a proper Crew Be it therefore enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel, so duly registered, and carrying on Trade to and from India and the United Kingdom as aforesaid, and Manned in Part with Lascars or Natives of India, and which shall be commanded by a British Mailer, and navigated by Seven British Seamen as Part of the Crew, for every One hundred Tons of her registered Burthen, and so in Proportion for any Part of a One hundred Tons, shall be deemed, construed and taken to be navigated according to Law, as to the Crew of any such Ship or Vessel, although the Number of such British Seamen shall not be equal to the Proportion of Three fourths of the whole Crew of such Ship or Vessel; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And Whereas it may not always be possible to procure the due Proportion of British Seamen, at Ports in India, for Vessels failing from India Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the Governments of the East India Company in India, or for any Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Colony, Territory or Island, belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the said Charter, and they and he are hereby required, on Application made by the Owner or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, and after having ascertained, by due Enquiry, that a sufficient Number of British Seamen cannot be procured for the Crew of any Ship or Vessel failing from India, within Ten Days from such Application to certify the fame, and licence such Ship or Vessel to fail with a less Proportion of British Seamen than required by Law; and every such Ship, having on board such Licence, shall be deemed to be navigated according to Law, notwithstanding such Deficiency of British Seamen* until her Arrival at the Port of her Destination in the United Kingdom; but shall, on the Voyage back from the United Kingdom, have the full and proper Proportion of Seven British Seamen to every One hundred Tons.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to require any Number of British Seamen to be on board, as Part of the Crew or Mariners of any Ship or Vessel employed in Trade only between Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company including the Cape of Good Hope; or to prevent unT such Ship or Vessel, while so employed, being manned and navigated wholly or in any Proportion as to Afi&tic Sailors, or Lascars, or Natives of any Territories, Countries, Islands or Places, within the Limits of the said Company.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to - 1 in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXVII.

British Mariners within meaning of 34 G*3»c. 6t«

[Proviso.]

Provifa,

Proportion of British Seamen to Tonnage of Ship, partly by*Lascars, sufficient, although not amounting to Three fourU* of Crew.

In cases where, in India, a sufficient Number of British Seamen cannot be obtained. Governors may license Ship to fail for liurope.

Act 11 : t to require British Seamen on board Vessels employed in Trade between Port and Port.

Act altered, &c,

An Act to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Vessels from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in Neutral Vessels from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 43 G. 3. c. 153. An Act to permit, during the Continuance of Hojlilittes, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize: and to empower His Majesty,

4 by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation in Neutral Vessels,

from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act ay permits the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Vessels from States in Amity with His Majesty, of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize in this Act

enume-

Wool and certain Goods imported in Neutral Vessels.

Italian Organ-mined Thrown Silk imported in any VefleL 2 W. & M. Sess. x. c. 9.

Not to extend to certain Silks.

[Penalty.]

Silk allowed to be imported brought to Custom House in London. Penaky.

Flax or Flax Seed imported in Foreign VefleU.

Persona free of Turkey Company may import Goods from Levant Seas in British or Foreign Vessela.

No Entry of Goods permitted till Regulations herein specified complied with.

43 O.3. c. 153

C. 117.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

1 enumerated, should be continued Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person to import into any Port or Place in Great Britain all Sorts of Wool, and also Cotton Wool; and to import into that Part of the United Kingdon called Ireland, all Sorts of Barrilla, Jesuits Bark, Linen Yarn, Hemp, Indigo, Cochineal, Wool and Cotton Wool, from any Country or Place whatsoever, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import or bring into the United Kingdom from any Port or Place in Amity*with His Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, Organzined Thrown Silk, of the Growth or Production of Italy; any thing contained in an Act made in England, in the Second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary* intituled An Act for discour aging the Importation of Thrown Silk, or in any other Act or Acts in force in the United Kingdom or in Great Britain, or Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to give Liberty to import any Italian Thrown Silk that shall be coarser than a Sort thereof known and distinguished by the Name of Third Bolonia* nor any Sorts of Silks commonly called Tram of the Growth of Italy, nor any other Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Turley, Perfta> East India, or China, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as shall be brought over, and imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the fame; to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to His Majesty* Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

III. And, for the better and more effectual Execution of this Act, and to prevent the Importation of any Sort of Thrown Silks not Organzined, be it further enacted and declared, That all such Organzined Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this Act, if landed in any Part of Great Britain, shall be brought to His Majesty's Custom House at London, to the Intent that na other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than that allowed by this Act, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as shall be imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the fame; to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively$ any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the United Kingdom any Sort of Flax or Flax Seed in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon the fame Terms and Conditions, and subject to the fame Duties, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, in any respect, as such Flax and Flax Seed would by any Law in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, have been subject and liable to if the fame had been imported in Foreign Ships or Vessels of the Built of the Country or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed was the Growth, Production or Manufacture; any thing in any Ad or Act of Parliament in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons admitted into and made free of the Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, to import into the United Kingdom any Goods or Commodities which have heretofore usually been imported from Turkey or Egypt* or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, hi* Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreiga Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment of the fame Duties if imported in British or Irtj^ built Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported in British or Irish-built Ships direct, from the Place of their Growth, Production or Manufacture, but if such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Entry shall be suffered to pass at any Custom House in the United Kingdom, for any such Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Turkey or Egypt> or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, as, before the passing of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, might be imported only from such Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which would have been liable to the Payment of higher Duties when not imported directly from the Place of their Growth or Production, and which by the Authority of this Act are permitted to be imported in manner aforesaid, until the Person importing or entering the same shall produce to the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, and to the proper Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, at the Port

A.ti. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 117, 118. 361

of Importation, a Certificate tinder the Hand of the Collector of the Dudes for the said Turkey Company, certifying that such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has paid the Dudes imposed on such Goods by the said Company, and has conformed in all respects to the Rules and Regulations of the said Cosa* pany relative thereto: Provided always, that all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Produce of Countries Provisofor within the Levant Seas imported into Great Britain under the Authority of this Act, shall be subject and Duties, liable to the Duties payable to the Levant Company in like manner as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, had been imported into Great Britain directly from Turkey.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Goods as shall in pursuance of this Act be Goods imported

imported into the United Kingdom in any Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be subject and liable to all Duties in the "VFore, 3n Vef* same manner as they would be liable to by Law, if such Ships were of the Built of the Country of which the a

Goods are of the Growth, Product or Manufacture. in^ly> CCOr

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, when so imported as and fuwca^aforesaid, shall be liable to all Duties of Customs and Excise, and shall be subject to all Rules, Regulations and existing Regu-Conditions, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable lations. and subject if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland, according to any Law or Laws in force

at the time of the passing of this Act.

1 IX. And Whereas the Public Safety may require temporary Restraints upon the Exportation of Copper Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Exportation of Majesty from time to time, by Proclamation or Order in Council, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant, or Copper pro-other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, by Proclamation or Order in Council, hibited. whenever it shall seem expedient to prohibit the Exportation of all Copper capable of being converted into a Naval Store, from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to any Port or Place within the Limits of Europe.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful by Order in Council, or by Licence to be signed by Importation of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the Authority of an Order in Council for that in Ncu* Purpose, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Conn* CountriM^oTin cil of Ireland, by Order in Council, from time to time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, Amity^th His* to permit any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize as should be specified in any such Order or Licence, to be Majesty, per-imported from any Port or Place belonging to any Kingdom or State not in Amity with His Majesty, in Ships mitted. belonging to the Subjects of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty; any Law now m force in the United Kingdom or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement Continuance ot

of the next Session of Parliament. Act

[See as to SeQions I — 8. of this ABy antey c. 8. which AB is EXP*2

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to regulate the Clearance of Vessels, and Delivery of Coast Bonds, at Creeks and Harbours in Great Britain; for exempting certain Ships and Vessels from being licenced by the Commissioners of Customs (a); for authorizing Officers of the Customs to seize Spirits (h) removing without Excise Permits; and for preventing Frauds in overloading Keels and other Carriages used ill conveying Coals for Exportation, or to De carried Coast wife.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Entry Inwards and Clearance Outwards, at Creeks, Harbours

and Basins of Great Britain, of Ships and Vessels in the Irish Trade, which intend to lade and discharge their Cargoes at such Creeks 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Commissioners Majesty's Customs in England for the time being, or any Four or more of them, or the Commissioners of the may permit Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, whenever and so long as they may deem it proper, to permit j*h, Ps from , re* Ships or Vessels arriving from Ireland to enter Inwards at such Creeks, Harbours or Basins of Great Britain, Creeks where where a principal Coast Officer or Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, shall have been Custom House appointed and stationed, and before whom it shall be lawful for the Master of any such Ship or Vessel to make Officers ap-Oath (which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer) of the Built, Burthen, Contents and pointed. Lading of such Ship or Vessel, with the particular Marks, Numbers and Contents of every Parcel of Goods on

board such Ship or Vessel, instead of proceeding to the regular Custom House of the Port to which such Creeks, Harbours and Basins belong, for that Purpose $ and also to do at any such Creek, Harbour or Basin, every Act, Matter and Thing, in relation thereto, conformably to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, under and subject to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures as such pentitwi# Entries upon Oath are now by Law required to be made, openly in the Custom House, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port to which such Creeks, Harbours and Basins belong.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, whenever And may permit and so long as they may deem it proper, to permit the Masters of such Ships or Vessels as may intend to lade and Clearance of clear outwards at any such Creeks, Harbours and Basins, for any Port in Ireland, to enter such Ships or VefleU Vessels with the principal Coast Officer and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, instead of j"^nd^ee proceeding to the regular Custom House of the Port to which such Creeks, Harbours and Basins belong, for

[a) [ScB.4 and 5. relate to Ireland as well as Great Britain.] (k) [VesseliyUfc» in which Spirits

are removingy fe8.6.]

55 Geo. III. 3 A that

362

Penalties.

Officers of Customs to take Coast Bonds in Creeks.

Licences not required from Commissioners of Customs for navigating square rigged Vessels of aoo Tom, or Vessels of Description herein mentioned.

[Proviso.]

Licences granted for Navigation of Vessels delivered up within Periods herein mentioned.

[Penalty.]

C. 118. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

that Purpose; and to make Oath before them (which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer) to the Truth of the Content of the Lading of any such Ship or Vessel; and the Mailer thereof is hereby required to answer such Questions concerning such Ship or Vessel, and the Voyage on which (he k about to proceed, as shall be demanded of him by the said principal Co^ft Officer and Comptroller, or other principal Officers of the Customs, under and subject to the like Penalties as are provided in such cases by the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, in respect to such Oaths and Questions as are now required to be taken and answered before the Collector, or other Chief Officers of the Port to which such Creeks, Harbours or Basins belong.

III. And Whereas Ships and Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom frequently take in

their Lading at Creeks, Harbours, Basins and other Out Stations, where there are no Officers of the Customs

authorized to take the Coast Bond required by Law, and great Inconvenience has arisen to the Merchants

and Traders, and to the Masters of such Ships and Vessels in consequence thereof For Remedy whereof,

be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any Four of them, and the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, whenever it shall appear to them to be necessary and proper for the Relief and Accommodation of the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom, to authorize and require any Officer or Officers of the Customs stationed at any Creek, Harbour, Basin or Out Station of Great Britain, at which any Goode, Wares, Merchandize or Passengers, may be shipped, in order to be carried Coast wife within the same, to take the Coast Bond or Transire, or other Documents required to be given for the Clearance of such Vessels, and for the Delivery and Discharge of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Passengers, in the Port or Place for which the same shall have been entered, or in some other Port or Place in Great Britain, as the case may be; and for returning to the proper Officers of the Customs of the Port where such Bond or Transire, or other Documents, shall have been given, the Certificate or other Document which in any such case may be required to be produced to them from the Officers of the Customs of the Port, Member or Creek, Harbour or Basin, where such Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Passengers, are intended to be landed and discharged, certifying that such Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Passengers, were there landed and discharged accordingly; and every Coast Bond, or Transire, or other Documents, taken by and in the Presence of any such Officer, shall be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if taken at the Custom House, by and in the Presence of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the Port to which such Creek, Harbour, Basin or Out Station may belong or appertain; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. x

IV. And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Navigation of square rigged Ships and Vessels exceeding ' the Burthen of Two hundred Tons, and other Ships and Vessels of fair mercantile Construction, without V requiring the Owners thereof to take out Licences for that Purpose from the Commissioners of His Majesty's 1 Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Licence shall be required from the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland, for navigating any square rigged Ship or Vessel exceeding the Burthen of Two hundred Tons by Admeasurement, nor for any Ship or Vessel the Breadth whefeof is not less than in the Proportion of One Foot to every Three Feet and an Half of the Length of such Ship or Vessel, nor for any Ship or Vessel where the Difference between the Draught of Water forward and aft shall not be greater than in the Proportion of One Inch for every Foot of the Breadth thereof, such Draught of Water forward and aft being ascertained when the Ship or Vessel is light loaded or in failing Trim, and when the Bowsprit is run out in case such Ship or Vessel shall have a running or a Aiding Bowsprit, and no such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed liable to Seizure or Forfeiture under any Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, on Account of her Length, Built, Construction, Denomination or Description: Provided nevertheless, that if such Ship or Vessel mall be intended to be armed for Refi (lance, or to be navigated with any greater Number of Men than is allowed by Law in Proportion to the Number of Tons of her Admeasurement, or shall require to be licensed on any other Account; nothing in this Act contained shall exempt the Owner and Owners of every such Ship and Vessel from taking out a Licence for the Navigation thereof in the same manner as if this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Licence which shall have been already granted, either by the Commissioners of the Customs of England, Scotland or Ireland, or by the Lord High Admiral, or the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being, for the Navigation of any Ship or Vessel exempt from being licensed under the Provisions of this Act, shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within the Periods hereafter mentioned 5 that is to say, if such Ship or Vessel was licensed for the Coasting or Fishing Trade only, such Licence shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within the Period of Two Months from and after the passing of this Act; or in case the said Ship or Vessel was licensed for trading to Parts beyond the Seas, then the said Licence shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within Six Months from and after the passing of this Act; or if such Ship or Vessel shall then be at Sea, such Licence may be delivered up at any time within Two Months from and after the Period of her first Arrival at any Port of Great Britain or Ireland, as the case may be; or in case the Licence shall have been loft or taken by the Enemy, satisfactory Proof thereof on Oath shall within the same Periods respectively be made before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer, and in case such Licence shall not be produced and so, delivered up, and no such Proof shall be made within the said Periods respectively, the Owner and Owners, and also the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds if of the Burthen of Fifteen Tons and under the Burthen of One hundred and fifty

f6 Tons:

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 118, 119. 363

Tons: and One hundred Pounds if of the Burthen of One hundred and Fifty Tons or upwards, to be sued Tor, recovered and disposed of, in like manner and by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalty incurred for any Offence against the Laws of the Customs, may now be sued for, recovered and disposed of, according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

VI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and 39 G* 3* c. 78.

other Acts, the Officers of Excise are empowered to seize Vessels and Boats, Horses and other Cattle and*9*

Carriages made use of in the Removal or Conveyance of Spirits, liable to Forfeiture for being removed without Permit (a), and it is expedient that the Officers of the Customs should have the like Power \9 Be it therefore enacted, That any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs shall have the like Power to Officers of Cuf-seize and prosecute any Vessel, Boat, Cart, Carriage and all Cattle liable to Forfeiture by the recited Act, or toms empowered any other Act, for being employed or used in the Removal of Spirits, without the fame being accompanied '

with a true and lawful Permit as is granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament to any Officer or Officers of SpiriwT^bke Excise. (a) [Qu ? See the Title of 39 G. 3. c. 78. by which it appears that the whole of the Act relates manner as Er-to Scotland.] dfe Officers.

1 VII. And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made to prevent Frauds upon the Revenue by overloading Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, Coups or other Vessels or Carriages used in the

Conveyance of Coals and Culm, in order to be laden on board Ships and Vessels for Exportation to Foreign Parts, or to be carried Coastwise Be it therefore enacted, That if upon Examination of any Keel, Boat, Keels, &c. over-

Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup or other Vessel or Carriage, employed in the Conveyance of Coals or Culm padfd W^J1. for the Purpose of being laden or shipped for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, or to be carried Coastwise, f0°aEXMmttoii and which shall have been admeasured, weighed, numbered and marked, in the manner directed by the Laws '

in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, there shall be found any greater Quantity of Coals

or Culm than such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup or other Vessel or Carriage, is allowed to carry or convey according to the Numbers, Nails or other Marks set thereon, whether such Number, Nails or other Marks, denote the Quantity by Weight or by Measure, every such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow,

Cart, Coup or other Vessel or Carriage so overloaded, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Forfeited. Officer or Officers of the Customs; and such Forfeiture, after deduding the Charges of Prosecution, shall fee divided. One Moiety to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall seize or sue for the fame, in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of

their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it might tend greatly to the Preservation of the several Turnpike Roads within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, if the Trustees acting in Execution of the several Acts for the maintaining and repairing thereof, were enabled to* grant certain Privileges and Abatements of Tolls to all Waggons, Carts or other such Carriages, having the Axletrees thereof horizontal, and the Wheels thereof (landing perpendicular on the Ground, with flat and level Fellies, and of particular Breadths May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and maybe Trustees cf lawful to and for the respective Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, acting in Execution of any Ad or Roads emP°w* Acts of Parliament for maintaining and repairing any Turnpike Road or Roads in that Part of the United c7rri*geThing Kingdom called England', at any of their respective Meetings to be holden in pursuance of such Act or Acts, tVHeels of De-and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Order to be made at any such Meetings (in case they fciiption herein shall think it proper and expedient), to exempt from the Payment of all or any Part of the additional Tolls mentioned from for every One hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart or other such Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any Weighing Engine erected or to be or 3

erected, over and above the Weights allowed to each of them respectively, by an Act made in the Thirteenth3 0-3-^84* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One A8 of*x* Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England 5 and for other Purposes, imposed and granted by an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the4 G. 3. c. 82. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for explaining and altering an Act made in the Thirteenth Tear $ z* of fits present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; so far as the fame relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weights and Payment of Toll in particular Cases; provided such Waggon, Cart or other such Carriage, shall have the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, or of Nine Inches, or of Sixteen Inches or upwards, and be Cylindrical; that is to say, of the fame Diameter on the Inside next the Carriage as on the Outside, so that when such Wheels shall be rolling on a flat or level Surface, the whole Breadth thereof shall bear equally on such flat or level Surface; and provided that the of-pofite Ends of the Axletrees of such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, so far as the same shall be inserted in the respective Naves of the Wheels thereof, shall be horizontal and in the continuance of one straight Line,

?yithout forming any Angle with each other 5 and so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriage, the lower Parts, when resting on the Ground, shall be at the fame Distance from each other as the upper Parts

3 A 2 of

Cases where Exemption not allowed.

Trustees may reduce other Tolls.

Provish.

Tolls not reduced without Consent of IrefTee.

Account taken of Number of Persons in Ireland by Persons appointed.

Copies of Act delivered by King's Printer to an Officer appointed by Chief Secretary, and by such Officer sent to Clerks of Peace, &c. for Distribution under Act, with Forms of Account, &c.

C. 119, 120. 55 GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

of such Pair of Wheels: Provided always, that no such Exemption from such additional Tolls or Penalties for Overweight, or from any Part or Parts thereof, shall be allowed or granted for or in respect of any such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of Six Inches and upwards in Breadth, and less than Nine Inches in Breadth, notwithstanding the Wheels and Fellies thereof shall be so made, and the Axletrees thereof so formed and fixed as aforesaid, in case such Overweight shall exceed Eight hundred Weight; nor shall any such Exemption be allowed or granted for or in respect of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of Ninelnches and upwards in Breadth, and less than Sixteen Inches m Breadth, notwithstanding the Wheels and Fellies thereof shall be so made, and the Axle-trees thereof so formed and fixed as aforesaid, m case such Overweight shall exceed Six hundred Weight; nor shall any such Exemption be allowed or granted for or in respect of any such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of Sixteen Inches and upwards in Breadth, notwithstanding die Wheels and Fellies thereof shall be so made, and the Axletrees thereof so formed and fixed as aforesaid, in case such Overweight shall exceed Thirty hundred Weight.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, acting in Execution of any Act or Acts of Parliament for maintaining and repairing any Turnpike Road or Roads in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, at any of their respective Meetings to be holden in pursuance of such Act or Acts, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in case they shall think it proper and expedient, to reduce any Part or Parts of the Toll or Tolls payable by virtue of such Act or Acts, for or in respect of each and every Waggon, Cart or other such Carriages, or the Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, or other Cattle drawing such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, naving the Wheels and Fellies so made, and the Axletrees thereof so formed and fixed as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable such Trustees to reduce such Toll or Tolls more than One fourth of the Toll or Tolls that might other wise be demanded and taken for or in respect of each and every such Waggon, Cart or other such Carriage, or the Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, or other Cattle drawing the same.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to reduce any such Toll or Tolls, or any of such Penalties for Overweight, during the Continuance or Existence of any Lease or Leases thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Lessee or Lessees first had and obtained for that Purpose.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to provide for the taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and for the ascertaining the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the taking an Account of the Total Number of Persons from time to time within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituil and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Persons as shall be for that Purpose appointed in the manner herein after mentioned to take the Accounts required by this Act, shall, at the times and in the manner herein after directed, severally take an Account of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found, at the time of taking such Accounts, to be within the Limits of the several Parishes and Places within the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, in Ireland respectively, according to the Provisions in this Act contained.

II. And, for the more speedy and effectually obtaining of such Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act shall from time to time be delivered by His Majesty's Printer in Ireland, to an Officer to be appointed by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and which Officer such Chief Secretary is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint, for digesting and arranging the several Returns to be made pursuant to this Act, whenever the said Printer shall be required by the said Officer; and the said printed Copies shall, by the said Officer, be transmitted to the several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland; and Schedules of Instructions for carrying this Act into Execution, and Forms of the several Accounts and Returns required to be made by this Act, and of the Attestation of such Accounts and Returns, and of and for all other Matters and Things requisite for the Purpose of fully carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, shall be prepared by the said Officer under the Direction of such Chief Secretary; and printed Copies of such Instructions arid Forms shall be transmitted by such Officer so to be appointed by such Chief Secretary, to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks in every County, County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland, who shall distribute the same to the Chairman or Assistant Barrister in every County at large, and to the Recorder of every County of a City and County of a Town, and to the several Magistrates assembled in Sessions for the several Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland respectively, and under their Direction to the several Persons to be appointed to carry this Act into effect in the several Parishes and Places in Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned; and the said Officer so to be appointed by such Chief Secretary, shall from time to time communicate with the said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks, and with such Chairman, Assistant Barristers, Recorders and Magistrates when necessary, in furtherance of the Purposes of this Act; and the said several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall and they are hereby required to acknowledge the Receipt of this Act, and the said Schedule of Instructions, and other Forms; and shall with all convenient Speed cause the said Act, and the said Schedule of Instructions and other Forms, to be distributed in manner directed by this Act, within their respective Limits.

A.D. 1815.

55

GEORGII III.

C. 120. 365

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Chairmen, or Assistant Barristers of the several Counties, Magistrates, on and the Recorders of the several Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, together with the Precept of Chief Bench of Magistrates in such Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively, upon receiving Secretary, to a Precept from the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland sdrion^swap-( which Precept such Chief Secretary is hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to issue, together p^n^ng Person* with the lnftrudions for carrying the fame into Effect) shall from time to time cause a Special Sessions of the in each Parish, Peace to be summoned and holden from time to time, for the Purposes of this Act, within their respective fcc. to take Ac-Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, within such Period and at such Times as shall be named 5°uut of P°p«-in such Precept; and shall at the First Meeting of such Special Sessions name and appoint, according to such make Returns lnftrudions as shall accompany the Precept of the Chief Secretary as aforesaid, in and for each Parish within to Adjournment such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or in and for any Barony, Half Barony, Townland, of Seffiom. District, Division or Place within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, as to such Special Sessions shall seem fitting and pradicable. One fit and proper Person, redding in each such Parish or Barony,

Half Barony, Townland, District, Division or Place respectively, as they shall in their Discretion think fit to appoint, for the Purpose of taking the Account required by this Act, and shall thereupon make out a List of the several Parities or Baronies, Half Baronies, Townlands, Districts, Divisions and Places, in and for which Persons shall be so named and appointed, and the Christian and Surname of every such Person so named and appointed, and shall transmit such Lift to the Officer to be appointed by the Chief Secretary as aforesaid, and having so done shall adjourn such Special Session, to such Day and Time as shall be directed and appointed by the Precept or lnftrudions of such Chief Secretary; and at such Adjourned Sessions, such Chairman or Assistant Barrister or Recorder, and Bench of Magistrates shall proceed, according to such lnftrudions as they may receive for that Purpose, to order and direct every such Person so appointed to take an Account in the several Parishes, or in the several Baronies, Half Baronies, Townlands, Districts, Divisions or Places, respectively, of the several Matters and Things required by this Act, and to make a Return thereof to the said Semons, at such Adjournment of such Sessions as shall be mentioned in such Order.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person so to be appointed to take such Account shall In case of

happen to die without taking such Accorunt and making such Returns as is required by this Act, for the Death, &c* ?f Parish, District or Place, for which such Person shall be so appointed, or if any such Person shall be incapable of acting, or shall neglect to ad in the Execution of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to appoint another fit and proper Person in appoint another, the Room and Stead of the Person so dying or being incapable of acting or neglecting to ad, and every such Person so appointed shall in all respects perform the fame Duties and have the lame Powers, and be subject to the same Rules, Regulations and Penalties, as the Person originally appointed, under or by virtue of this Act; and Notice of every such Appointment shall be given (by the Officer to be appointed by such Chief Secretary for the Purposes of this Act) to the Chairman, Assistant Barrister or Recorder of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, within which such Person shall be so appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Persons so appointed to take the Account required by this In what manner Ad, whenever they shall consider it necessary, shall and may take to their Assistance and employ the Church- Persons appoint-wardens, Constables and other Peace Officers within each Parish, Barony, Townland, District, Division or Account Place respectively, as also the Sub Constables and other Persons employed in applotting and collecting the pop^on in Grand Jury Assessments within the same respectively 5 which said several Persons are hereby required to be each Pariflv*c. aiding and assisting herein; and all such Persons so appointed to take the Account required by this Act, in the several Parishes, Baronies, Half Baronies, Townlands, Divisions, Districts or Places respectively, shall, either by themselves, or with such Assistance as aforesaid, if they shall consider it necessary, within such time as shall be directed by such Order of Sessions as aforesaid, proceed to take an Account of the Number of Persons at that time within the Limits of the respective Parishes, Baronies, Half Baronies, Townlands, Districts, Divisions or Places, in which they shall have been so as aforesaid appointed, and to inform themselves of all Particulars relating to the Matters of which an Account is required to be given, according to the Form to be transmitted to them for that Purpose, by proceeding from House to House, and by continuing such their Examination from Day to Day, without Interruption, or negligent or wilful Delay, until the same shall have been fully completed; and from such Information as aforesaid shall forthwith prepare an Answer or Return, containing all Matters, of which an Account is required to be given, according to the Form to be transmitted to them for that Purpose; and such Persons so making such Returns shall thereafter sign the fame, with their Names and ordinary Designations and Places of Abode, and shall attest the Corredness thereof on Oath before the Chairmen, or Assistant Barristers in Counties, and before the Recorders in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns and Bench of Magistrates respectively, at the Adjournment of the said Quarter Sessions to be specially holden for that Purpose, at the Day and Time mentioned for that Purpose in the Order of the said Sessions $ and the better to enable all such Persons to make such Answers or Returns as aforesaid, such Persons, and their said Assistants and Persons by them employed, are hereby authorized and empowered to a(k all such Questions of all Persons within the respective Parishes, Baronies, Half Baronies, Townlands,

Districts, Divisions and Places, in which they shall take the Accounts required by this Act, respecting themselves, and the Number, Age and Occupation of the Persons constituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for dating the Particulars required to be dated concerning them, in the Answers and Returns aforesaid; and that every such Person refuting to answer, or wilfully giving a false Answer to such Ques- Refuting, &c, to tions, or any of them, shall for every such Refusal or false Answer, on Proof thereof being made before any answer>

Justice of the Peace of the County m which such Persons shall reside, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discre- Penalty, tion of the said Justice before whom the Complaint thereof shall have been so made.

3 66

Accounts and Returns transmitted to Chief Secretary, and Abstract prepared and laid before Parliament every Session.

In case of Neglect or Deficiency of Returns, &c. Chief Secretary may .direct Precept for new Returns.

Compensation to Parties employed in Execution of Act.

Packets free of Portage.

Officers, Sec, neglecting or making Default in Execution of

a a.

[Penalty.]

Penalties, fcc. how recovered, &c.

Imprit'cn'iitnt.

C. 120* 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several original Accounts so taken in Writing, and attested as aforesaid by the Persons so appointed as aforesaid, together with all Answers and Returns prepared thereupon, shall be from time to time transmitted by the Chairman or Assistant Barristers of Counties, and Recorders of Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns within One Calendar Month after the Receipt of the fame, to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* a Copy thereof having been previously made by the several Clerks of the Peace of the Counties, and Town Clerks of the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, wherein they were respectively taken, and lodged among the County Records; and which Copies such Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks are hereby flridly required and enjoined to make or cause to be made, and safely to keep and preserve in their respective Offices, and to deliver over to their Successors in Office respectively; and that such Accounts, Answers and Returns so transmitted to the Office of such Chief Secretary, shall be digested and reduced into order by such Officer a6 such Chief Secretary shall from time to time appoint for the Purpose; and that an Abstract thereof shall be from time to time laid before both Houses of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein Returns shall not be made in pursuance of any Precept from the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, or where it shall appear that the Returns made are defective or inaccurate, and whenever it shall seem expedient to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, that Returns should be made under this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Chief Secretary for the time being to issue his Precept to the Chairman or Assistant Barrister of any of the Counties in Ireland, or to the Recorder of any Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns in Ireland* forthwith to proceed to cause due Returns to be made in any County, County of a City or Town, or in all or any Parish or Parishes, or Place or Places named and specified in such Precept, under the Provisions and Powers of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed, for the Trouble and Expence of the several Persons employed in the Transactions aforesaid, for the Returns which shall be so made pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums following; that is to say, to the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for every Return which shall be made, and a Copy thereof lodged in his Office, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, and also a further Sum not exceeding Six pence for every Seventy two Words and Figures contained in every such Return; and to the several Persons so to be appointed to take the Accounts, and make the Returns required by this Act, a reasonable Compensation, to be estimated by the Chairman or Assistant Barrister and Bench of Magistrates in Counties, and by the Recorders and Magistrates in Counties of Cities and Towns; and that such Compensation shall be calculated according to the nature of the Work performed, and the Quantity of time employed, to which shall also be added the Expences (if any) incurred by every such Person in the Execution of this Act; and that such Work and Services shall be duly certified by the Chairman and Assistant Barrister of Counties, and Recorders of Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and the Bench of Magistrates in each of the said Counties respectively, and shall also be approved of by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being; and it shall and may be lawful for the Collectors of Excise in their respective Districts in Ireland* to pav such Sum or Sums of Money so certified and approved as aforesaid to the Parties producing such Certificate and Approbation, and also to pay all such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to be requisite and necessary, and as he or they shall order to be paid for any reasonable Expences incurred by any Person in the Execution of this Act, to such Persons as shall produce such Order, and all Sums so paid by such Collectors of Excise shall be allowed them in their Accounts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets containing the Accounts of Returns of Population as aforesaid, and all other Communications relative to this Act, coming to or from the Officer so to be from time to time appointed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland as aforesaid, shall be carried and conveyed by means of His Majesty's Post Office, and delivered without Postage, or any Charge being paid or payable for the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, to take the Accounts required by this Act, and every Churchwarden, Constable, Peace Officer, Sub Constable, or other Person whatever required to assist in the Execution of this Act, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to ad in Execution of this Act, or shall make any wilful Default or Falsification in any of the Matters required of them respectively in this Act, shall, for every such wilful Neglect, Default or Falsification, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, before whom such Person shall be convicted of such Offence, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and that the several Forfeitures and Penalties infiided by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deduded 5 and in case such sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for a Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner paid} and the (Said Forfeitures shall be paid One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Collector of Excise for the District wherein the said Offence shall be committed, to be by him applied in Aid of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act.

$° GEORGII III.

C. 121

367

A.D. 1815.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the Purpose of Military Communication j and for making more effectual Provision for maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the

Purpose of Military Communication; and for making more effectual Provision for maintaining and repairing

Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for ' Highland Roads and Bridges, which requires to be amended and explained in some Respedis; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembed, and by the Authority of the same, That in place of levying Three Fourths of the Money expended in repairing and keeping in Repair the Roads and Bridges in any County described in the said recited Act in the manner therein directed, it shall and may be lawful for the Freeholders of any County, excepting the County of Inverness, at the ensuing Michaelmas Head Court, or at any Meeting of the Freeholders and Commissioner s of Supply, which shall be held in any County for thisfpecial Purpose within Two Months thereafter, to order and diredi the way and zxftnner in which such Assessment shall and may be made and levied during the Continuance of the said recited Act, in such County, in each and every Year, either separately or along with any other Assessment in such County: Provided always, that any Assessment for the Purposes of the said recited Act shall be borne and defrayed by the several Counties of Inverness, Ross, Sutherland and Caithness respectively, and not by any particular DistriCT or Districts within such Counties.

II. And be it enacted, That a Copy of the Order thereupon to be made, signed by the the Prefesof such Michaelmas Head Court or Meeting, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply of such County, and the same shall be laid by the Clerk of Supply before the First Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply which shall be held thereafter; and from and after the Receipt of such Order, the Commissioners of Supply of such County are hereby directed to proceed accordingly.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That unless and until such Order shall have been made apdtranf-mitted as herein directed, the Commissioners of Supply shall make the Assessment in the manner directed by the said recited Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case such Order shall be transmitted to the Clerk of Supply of any County before an Assessment shall have been made, in the manner directed by the said recited Act, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County to assemble, upon Twenty Days' Notice from their Clerk, which he is required to give, for the Purpose of making an Assessment, or otherwise providing the Sum due. for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in the way and manner directed in such Order; provided that Six Months' Interest, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, be added to the Amount of the Sum due, and be therewith transmitted to the said Parliamentary Commissioners, or their Agent at Edinburgh, in manner directed by the said recited Act.

: V. And be it enacted, That every Royal Burgh and Burgh of Regality shall be assessed with the County in which it is situated for the Purposes of the said recited Act; provided nevertheless, that in making such Assessments regard shall be had to an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for assesstng the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such Parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; also, to an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Inverness, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and also, to an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing, altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act of His present Majesty as relates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness, and levying a Contribution of Money in lieu thereof \ and otherwise regulating, making and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire; and all Parishes and Parts of Parishes, and Places, and Lands, and Estates, mentioned in the said Three recited Acts shall be assessed for the Purposes of the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the same manner that such Parishes, Parts of Parishes, Places, Lands and Estates are directed to be assessed for the Purposes of the said Three recited Acts.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the due Proportion of the Money expended in the repairing the Roads and Bridges described in the said recited Act, shall be raised in every Year in every County in which an Assessment is directed to be made by the said recited Act, and shall be transmitted to the said Parliamentary Commissioners, or their Agent at Edinburgh, as therein required.

VII. And Whereas it is provided by the said recited Act, that the Sum of Assessment to be levied in any Year in any County, shall not be higher than the Rate of Three Half-pennies in the Pound upon the

Rents

54 G. 3. c. 104.

Mode of levyioe Assessmem determined by Michaelmas Head Court.

[Proviso.]

Order transmitted to Commissioners of Supply, for Guidance.

Proviso in case no Order made.

Assessment when made*

Burghs assessed with County.

45 G. 3. c.xl.

44 G. 3. c. lxxv.

48 G. 3. c. cv.

54 G. 3. c. 104.

Proportion of

Assessment

raised.

54 G. 3. c. 104.

§ 11.

368 C.i2i, i22. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Rents and Profits assessed to the Property Tax in such County, under Schedule (A.) of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to If is Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty ffth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty y 4 for granting a Contribution on the Profts arising from Property, Profefions, Trades and Offices} and to consolidate and render more efedual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties: And Whereas the Commissioners of Supply of any County are empowered to appoint a fit Person to be a Surveyor and Clerks, or other Officers, as they shall think necessary for the due Execution of the said recited Act, with such Salaries or Allowances as the said Commissioners of Supply shall think fit: And Whereas in Counties where the Assessment amounts to the Sum of Three Half-pennies in the Pound upon the Rents and Profits assessed to the Property Tax as aforesaid, the Expence of such Surveyors, Clerks and Officers, is thus thrown upon the said Parliamentary Commissioners, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Sabines, &c. of recited Act Be it therefore enacted, That the Salaries and Allowances of such Surveyors, Clerks and Surveyors, &c. Officers, shall in all cases be borne and defrayed by the County or Counties in which they are appointed paid by Coun- respectively, except in so far as the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Act shall t*ef* think fit to permit.

54 G. 3. c.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said recited Act shall have Effect and remain in force in all respects,

in force. except in so far as regards the Alterations made by this present Act.

CAP. CXXII.

53 G. 3. c. 158.

Trees cut down within i % Months after Bate of Award under 53 G. 3.

§ 10.

c. 138.

[Proviso.]

53 0-3-5 43-

c. 158.

His Majesty's Private Estates within Forest fold or exchanged.

Construed as one Act.

53 G. 3. c. 138.

1,.

Compensation made to Parishes where Allotments exceed

An Act to amend dri Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of Windsor Forest, in the County of Berks; and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

[28th Jum 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An g V\ Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of Windsor Forest, in the County of Berks; and for tnclojing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest; and some of the Provisions of the said Act require to be amended Be it therefore enacted by The "king's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all and every Person and Persons entitled to any Timber or other Trees (landing and being on any of the Waste Lands intended to be inclosed by the said recited Act, at any time within the Period of Twelve Calendar Months after the Date of the Award directed by the said Act to be made by John Nash and John Davits Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said recited Act, or their Successors, in dead of within the Space of Two Years from the passing of the said Act, as in the said Act is directed, to fell, cut down, grub up, remove, sell and dispose of such Timber and other Trees; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, and the said John Nash and John Davis, and their Successors, are hereby required and directed to make and execute their said Award within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from and after the passing of this Act, in the same Manner and Form and under the like Regulations in all respects as in the said recited Act is directed.

4 JI. And Whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement of the Estates and Property belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the said Forest, in His private Capacity, if the Powers in the said recited Act Contained, m relation to the Sale or Exchanges of Allotments made to His Maefty in Right of such Estates, were extended to all such Estates and Property Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers, and Authorities, Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Act contained, for authorizing the Commissioners therein mentioned and named and appointed by the said therein recited Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to sell or exchange any Allotment or Allotments of Waste Land made to His Majesty under the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, shall extend and be construed to extend to authorize, empower and enable the said last mentioned Commissioners to sell or exchange all or any of the Messuages, Cottages, Timber, Orchards, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits and Boundaries of the said Forest as His Majesty's Private Property, in case the said Commissioners shall deem any such Sales or Exchanges to be expedient and beneficial to the Estate of His Majesty; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make any such Sales or Exchanges under the Powers, Authorities and Regulations in the said Act contained in relation to Allotments, in like manner in every respect as if such Powers, Authorities and Regulations were hereby repeated and re-enacted, and as fully and effectually to all Intentf and Purposes as if such Messuages, Cottages, Timber, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments had been included in the said recited Act } and the said Act and this Act shall for that Purpose be construed together as One Act.

III. And Whereas it hath been found that the specific Allotments required and directed by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to be given to His Majesty, do in some Parishes exceed the proportionate Share of Nine Thirty Seconds intended to be given to His Majesty under the same Act, a9 far as relates to the Waste in such Parishes, and no Provision is contained in the hud Act for making Compensation to such Parishes; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said John Nqfh and John Davis, and their Successors, and they are hereby required to ascertain the Amount and Value of such Ex-cess in every such Parish as aforesaid, and the respective Amounts of the Value of such Excels shall thereupon be

+ 10 paid

A.D. 1815. G-ECffiiCrli lit C. 122 — r^. 3

paid to the respecthre Parishes entitled thereto, out of any Money to be raised under the Provisions of the said proportion*!* faA mentioned Act, by the Sale of any Lands authorized by the said Act to be sold for the Payment of the shJJfj°°g* Expenceaof inclosing the Lands and Allotments which are by the said Act given to or may be awarded to His to*r*T- Majesty j and it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Commtflkmer ia all such cases to mark out for Sale any additional Quantity of such Lands for the Purpose of raising the Amount of such Compensation to such Parities respectively as aforesaid; and the Amount of the Value of every such Excess in each Parish shall be paid to the Commissioner or Commissioners under the said Act for the Parish for which the Compensation shall be given, and shall by such Commissioner or Commissioners respectively be applied in the Payment of any Expences already incurred or which may hereafter be incurred in the Execution of the said Act in such Parish by the said Commissioners respectively in the respective Parishes, or their Clerks, or any Surveyors or Assistants, or in any other Costs or Charges incident to or incurred in the Execution of the said Act, and the Overplus, if any,

shall be divided among the Proprietors of E Hates in the Parish for which the Compensation is paid, in Proportion to their several legal Rights of Common therein, and shall be included in the Award of the Commissioner or Commissioners of such respective Parishes: Provided always, that the Sale of all Lands for the Purposes Provifa aforesaid shall be made in such Manner and Form and under such Regulations in all respects as are mentioned and prescribed in and by the said Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and 5 % G. 3. e. $. of the said recited Act respectively, or as near thereto as the circumstances of any Sales to be made in pur. fuaoee of this Act will admit.

IV. And Whereas it is enacted by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty that certain Parts of the Waste of the said Forest therein particularly mentioned and described should be allotted to His Majesty; and it is expedient that Power should be given to inclose the said several Allot-

menu, and such other Allotments to be made to His Majesty as may adjoin or be contiguous thereto, previous to thte Execution of the Award to be made by the said John Najb and John Davit, or their Successors, as

by the said recited Act is directed* Be it therefore enacted, That when the said Allotments so directed to be made to His Majesty by the said last mentioned Act, and such other Allotment or Allotments as may adjoin or be contiguous thereto, shall have been made and set out to and for His Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majestys Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, immediately or at any time thereafter to inclose from time to time the said several Allotments, and to continue the fame so inclosed, freed and discharged of and from all Common Rights of what nature or kind soever, although the said John Naflr and John Davit or their Successors may not have made or executed their said Award in relation thereto at the respective Periods when such Inclosures shall be so made.

J3 G. 3. C.I5&

fa.

Allotments te His Majesty in-doled before Award made.

Cap. cxxm.

An Act; for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments taken for erecting Works a£ and 54 G. 3. &4> near Portsmouth and Hilfta, in the County of Southampton^ in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Paxliainent.

[28th June 1815/}

CAP. cxxiv.

An Act for raising' the Sum of Thirty six Millions by way of Annuities.

[28th June 18i$.J '

ante, r. 74. poji. c. 169.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

[29th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was piaffed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reigft of His late Majesty King O.x. c.x*

V? George the Second, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at

Chelsea t And Whereas the Payment in Advance to Out Pennoners under the said recited Act has, through the Improvidence of such Pensioners, been found to produce great Inconvenience, and it is therefore expedient that the said Act should be amended in relation to such Payments* Be it therefore enacted by The*

King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the fame. That so much of the 1a* Part said recited Act as requires that Payments shall be made to Out Pensioners of the remaining Number of Days rcPcaW* of th» current Half Year upon Admission and thereafter in Advance in Half-yearly Payments, shall be and Ac fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousemd eight Commissionef* hundred and fifteen, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to make such Regulation to make Resu-in relation to the-Payment in Advance to Out Pensioners, upon their fifft Admission on the Pension Lift, of ktjons any of such Proportions of their Pensions.at the time of Admission as the said Commissioners shall see fit, and for the Payment of the Residue of such Pensions for the current Quarter upon the Arrival of Pensioners Pensioners on at their Places of Residence, as shall in the Judgment of the-laid Commissioners appear bell adapted to Admission, end prevent the improvident Expenditure of such Pensions, and the consequent Distress of such Pensioners; for Payment of aad4he laid Commissioners are hereby further authorized and directed to make all subsequent Payments of such Pensions by Quarterly Payments in Advance instead of by Half-yearly Payments; any. thing in the dence. said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Paid Quarterly.

[.See at to Relief of Out Pensioners of Kilmainham Hospital, pofi. c. 136.]

55 Geo. III. 3 B CAP.

34 G. 3. c. 43.

44 G. 3. c. 75.

r

460.3* c.»3*

1 O.3. c. 151.

Half Pay to Foreign Officers.

Allowances al-reidy nude, valid.

[9 Bt 10W.3. c-41- §1, X. 4, 5»-

9 G. x. c. 8. i3i 4-

J7 G. a. c. 40.

iio.

C. 1.2 §, 127. 55° GEORGII III. A, Br 1, 815.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to authorize the allowing to foreign Officers, Allowances equivalent in Amount to the Half Pay given to British Officers under the like Circumstances. £*c)th Jwte 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty fonrth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Subjects of France to etibtjl as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of

Europe, arid in certain Other Places, and to enable His ATajefy to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to

serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain RcJ! rift ions: And Whereas

another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlifi as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and for enabling His Majesty togrant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions;

*' Arid to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlifi any such Soldiers, or grant any such 4> Commissions as aforesaid: And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iritituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of

His present ATaj fly, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlifi as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to i" Indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom: And Whereas another Act, passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Ser-41 vice/ and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded, the file Pensions and Allowances as are given to r British Officers under the like Cireumflancet: And Whereas the said recited Acts of the Forty fourth aild Forty sixth Years aforesaid, have been extended and amended by an Act (a) parted in this Session of Parliament:

And Whereas it is just and expedient that Provision should be made for authorizing the granting to Foreign Officers, serving or who have served under any of the Provisions of the said Acts, Allowances equal in Amount r to the Half Pay of British Officers in His Majesty's Service under the like circumstances May it therefore pUafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from time to time, t<> allow to any Foreign Officers in His Service, serving under any of the Provisions of the said recited Acts, upon the Reduction of their Corps, or the Expiration of the Period for which their Corps engaged to serve, All lowances equal in amount to the Half Pay of British Officers of like Rank in His Majesty's Service, and payable in the like manner and under similar Circumstances and Restrictions as Half Pay is or may be allowed and granted to any Officers in His Majesty's Service by any Law or Regulation now in forte, or which may be hereafter made and established in relation to the Half Pay of Officers who have held Commissions in His Majesty's Service; any thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary not with-Handing. (nl [Ante, r. 85. § i.j

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Allowances as may have been already granted by His Majesty to any such Foreign Officers upon the Disbanding or Reduction of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or under such and the like circumstances as would nave entitled any British Officers to Half Pay, shall be deemed and taken to be well and effectually granted, and shall be paid in like manner, in every respect, as if the fame had been granted after the parting and under the Provisions of this Act j any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary*notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the Embezzlement of Stores; and to extend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to His Majestybj Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, to all other Public Stores.

[29th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third,

intituled An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Alaj fly's Stores of War'; a net preventing Cheats, Frauds and Abuses sn paying Seaton's Wages; and by another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Frrft, intituled An Act for continuing fame Laws, and reviving others therein mentioned; for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Officer, and upon Juries arid re-€ bating to Jurors; and to the Payment ef Seamen's Wages; and the Preservation of Naval Stores of War; and concerning the Militia and Trophy Money; and agaitifi elandejline Running of unaccujlomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffito be exported;

and by another Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled yin 1 4 Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of r England; for the more effectual puntshing wicked and evil difpffitd Persons going Armed in Difgtiifi, and doing'4 Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, and for the more fptedy brihging 4 'the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Cttiufs to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting Ho phi rids; and for the more effectual Punishment of 14 Persons maliciorijlyfitting on Fire any Mine, Pit or Ddpb of Coal, or Gunnel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Foreflt or Chaps, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in For efts, Chafes or Parks: and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Pro-1 4 duee or Manufacture' oj any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to 1 4 Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts

li 4 relating

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII IK. 0.127, 128. 371

relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for embezzling Naval Stores, or Stores of War; and to prevent the retailing of Wine within either the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England without Li tenet; and by another Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 39 fc 40 G. 3.

A3 for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores; c. 89.

divers Provisions were made for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victual-

ling Stores; And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present jzG 3. c, is.

Majesty, intituled An Act for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Navnl9

8 Ordnance and Vjflualling Stores to Ireland, the said recited Acts, so far as the fame severally relate to Hi*

Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores therein respectively mentioned, were extended to Ireland:

And whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 53 G*3*

4. An Act to extend the Privi/ions of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Tear of King William the Thirds for preventing the Embezzlement of Stores of War to all Public Stores: it was enacted, that the said recited Act of the c Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third should extend to all Public Stores whatsoever: And 8 Whereas by reason of divers Omissions and Imperfcdlions in the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of 8 the Reign of His present Majesty, it is expedient that the fame should be repealed, and such further Provisions made in lieu thereof as herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, 53^-3-1*6. the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the lleign of His present Majesty Avail be and the fame is reP'a, e^ hereby repealed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, except as to any Offence or Offences which may have been committed against the said last mentioned Act and the Prosecution and Punishment of any Person or Person* fqr the feme, (-,

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, not only the said recited Act 9* w- 3-< r 1 he Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, but also the said several other Acts of^4g*I>2, 4' the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the i# c> g. Second and the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, hereinbefore recited, so far as the fame §3, 4. severally relate to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores therein respectively mentioned, and all 17 G. 2. c. 40. the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things § IC£^ therein respectively contained, relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores therein re-^40 spedlively mentione d, shall extend and be construed to extend to ail Public Stores whatsoever under the Care, to exrendio aH Superintendance or Controul of any Officer or Person in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successor6, Public Stores, or cnrployed in any Public; Department or Office, either marked with the Marks or any of them in the said and to aM Per" recited Acts or any of them specified, or with the Broad Arrow, and the Letters B. O., or with a Crown '°ns lnle»mc.d-and the Broad Arrow, or with His Majesty's Arms, or with the Letters G. R., to denote the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccessTors, therein, and to all and every Person and Persons, not authorized by the proper Officer or Officers, Person or Persons in His Majesty's Service, in that behalf so to do, using any such Marks or making any Goods marked with such Marks, or any of them, and to all and every Person and Persons in whose Custody, PofLffion or Keeping any such Public Stores so marked as aforesaid shall be found, or who shall willingly or knowingly receive or have in his, her or their Custody, Possession or Keeping, or who shall conceal any such Public Stores so marked as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall upon his, her or their Trial produce a Certificate or Certificates under the Hand or Hands of the proper Officer or Officers,

Persons or Person in His Majesty's Service authorized to grant the fame, of such and the like nature as the Certificate in the said recited Acts of the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and9&10W. 3. Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty mentioned, and to all and every Person and Persons who c 4i* §* shall wilfully and fraudulently destroy, beat out, take out, cut out, deface, obliterate or erase, wholly or in part, 393* any of the said Mark*, or cause, procure, employ or direct any other Persons or Person so to do, for the Pur- c^pose of concealing the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, therein, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the fame several Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, restrictions,

Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, in the said several Acts contained, so far as the fame leve-rally relate to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, and the punishment of Persons offending in manner therein mentioned, w'ere herein and hereby severally repeated and re-enacted in respect to all other Public Stores whatsoever*

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to acquire Ground necessary for Signal and Telegraph Stations.

[29th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be enabled from time to time to procure and take,

*W or purchase, either for a Time or Term of Years, or in Fee, as Occasion shall require, all such Lands 8 or Hereditaments as are, shall or may be wanted for the Purposes of Signal or Telegraph Stations, and of 8 making, preserving and maintaining a free and uninterrupted Communication between the respective Signals or 8 Telegraphs erected or to be erected thereon, and of preventing and removing any Obstructiona thereto, either 8 by Buildings, Trees, or in any other manner, together also with all necessary Ways unto and from the same j'

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Xords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or any Thiree or more of the Commissioners for Admiralty may executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the authorise Pei-

3 B a time to f«r»

&c. Lands for Signal or Telegraph Stations*

Obstructions removed.

Bodies Politic, &c. may contract for Sale of Premil'ts.

Persons refuGng to fell or to accept Consideration offered, Two Justices, kc. may put His Majesty's Officers into Possession, and Jury fumn)oned, who shall find CompenUtion.

Appeal to Court «*f Exchequer, if in England or Ireland, and to Court of Session if in Scotland.

55* G«OJUStI Mi

AO-atTl

time being, from time to time, by any Writing under their Hands, to authorize any Person or Persons to fur* vey and mark out any Lands or Hereditaments which are, shall or may be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, or any or either of them, and to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person or Persons interested therein, either for the absolute Purchase thereof for the Public Service or for the PofllflioD

thereof, for such Time or Term of Years as the Public Service shall require,

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Obstruction should arise, grow or be ocqafioned, or should be intended to be made between any Two Signal or Telegraph Stations, so as to impede the free Communication between the said Stations, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to agree for the Removal or Prevention of such Obstructions in the same manner and under the fame Powers and Provi-(ions, as are herein after provided for the Acquisition of the Lands or Grounds necessary for the Erection of the said Signal or Telegraph Stations.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Eccie-fiastical or Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, and for all Tenant* for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any such Lands, or Hereditaments required for such Public Service as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, either for the absolute Sale of such Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Grant of any Lease either for any Term of Years certain therein, or for such Periods as the Public Service shall require, and to convey, furnender* demise or grant the fame unto the said Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, in Trust for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, accordingly; and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, Leases and Agreements, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes what foe ver.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Bodies or other Persons hereby authorized to contract on behalf of themselves or others as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so marked out and surveyed for the Public Service, shall for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing, subscribed by such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall have been given to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body, or to such other Persons hereby authorized to contract on behalf of others or interested themselves as aforesaid, or left at his, her or their uibal Place of Abode, refuse or decline to treat or agree, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating or agreeing with such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept such Sum of Money as shall be offered by such Person or Persons as the Consideration for the absolute Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, or such annual Rent or Sum as shall be offered for the Hire thereof, either for a time certain or for such Period as the Public Service may require, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid to require Two or more Justices of the Peace, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants (One of whom shall be a Justice of the Peace) or Two or more Deputy Governors for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place where such Lands or Hereditaments shall be, to put His Majesty's Officer* into immediate Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments which such Justices or Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors are hereby required to do, and shall for that Purpose issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals commanding Possession to be so delivered, and shall also issue their Warrants to the Sheriffs of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place wherein such Lands or Hereditaments shall be situate, to summon a Jury, and every such Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to summon and return a Jury properly qualified of the Number of Twenty four, and in the manner required by the Laws of England, Ireland and Scotland respectively, who shall meet at some convenient Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, out of whom a Jury of Twelve shall be drawn in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Court* at Westminster and Dublin are drawn by Law in England and Ireland respectively, and in such manner a* Juries are drawn by Law for the Trial of Offences in Scotland; and in case a sufficient Number shall not appear, the said Sheriff shall choose others of the Bye-danders, or that can speedily be procured, being qualified as aforesaid, and the said Jurymen may be challenged by the Parties on either Side, but not the Array; and the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants or Governors respectively, may summon Witnesses, and adjourn any such Meeting if Jurymen or Witnesses do not attend, and the Jury, on hearing any Witnesses and Evidence that may be produced, shall on their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Witnesses, the (kid Justices., Deputy Lieutenants or Governors respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer) find the Compensation to be paid, either for the absolute Purchase of such Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Possession or Use thereof, as the case may be.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or any Person interested therein, shall be dissatisfied with the Verdict of any such Jury, it shall be lawful for them or their Attornies in England and Ireland to apply to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster or Dublin respectively in the Term next, and in Scotland to apply within Fourteen Days after the finding any such Verdict to the Court of Session in Scotland in time of Session, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills in time of Vacation, and to suggest to the said Courts or Lord Ordinary respectively, that they have reason to be dissatisfied with such Verdict, and forthwith give Notice thereof to the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners or Party, as the case may be, and thereupon in England and Ireland the Proceedings that shall have been had and the Verdict of such Jury shall be returned into the said Courts of Exchequer respectively; and if it shall appear to the said Courts to be proper, a Suggestion shall be entered on such Proceedings as aforesaid, and a Writ shall thereupon by Rule of such Court or Order of any Judge of such Court be directed to the Sheriff of the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, or if the

" .'.fame

syi ommtf' tin

373

famfc (bill lie in Two Counties, to the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon cither a Cofntnon or Special Jury, according to the Application that shall have been made on that behalf, and as the Court or as such Judg^ shall allow, and who shall respectively be qualified according to Law, to appear before the said Justice or Justices of Assize or Nisi Prius of that County at the n^xt Assizes or Sittings of Nisi Prius, if the same shall not happen sooner than Twenty one Days after such Suggestion, otherwise at the next succeeding Assizes or Sittings; and the Compensation to be paid either for the absolute Purchase or for the Poffi-ffion or Use of such Lands or Hereditaments, as the case shall be, shall at such Assizes or Sittings be ascertained by such Jury, in like maimer as any Damages may be enquired of upon any Inquisition or Enquiry of Damages by any Jury before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, and the Verdict of such Jury shaft be returned to the said Court of Exchequer, and shall be final and conclusive; and in Scotland, if it shall appear proper to the said Court of Session or Lord Ordinary upon such Application so to do, the said Court or Lord Ordinary shall order and direct the Sheriff of the County where Inch Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, or if the same shall lie in Two Counties, the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon another Jury in the manner in which Juries are summoned in Scotland, properly qualified according to Law, to appear before the Lords or Lord of Justiciary at the next Circuit, if the same shall not happen sooner than Twenty one Days after such Application, otherwise it the next succeeding Circuit; and the Compensation as aforesaid for the Lands or Hereditaments, as the case may be, shall at such Circuit be ascertained by a Jury drawn from the Jury summoned as aforesaid, in such manner as Juries are drawn in Scotland, under the Direction of the said Lords or Lord of Justiciary as aforesaid, and the Verdict of such last mentioned Juries shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Review or Challenge of any Kind, unless the Court that shall have allowed such Enquiry shall think fit, on any Application made within Four Days after the Commencement of the succeeding Term or Session, if in Scotland, to order any new Trial m relation thereto.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Jury impannelled before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Governor, or before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, to afeettain the Compensation to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments under this Act, and they are hereby required to ascertain and settle the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation to any Person or Persons having any Interest as Lessees or Tenants at Will or otherwise, in any such Lands or Hereditaments, and the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation shall be returned on the Verdict: Provided also, that where any such Enquiry before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Lords or Lord of Justiciary, shall be had on the Application of any such Leuec or Tenant at Will, or other Person having any inferior Interest in any such Lands or Hereditaments, who may have been dissatisfied with the Proportion of Compensation settled by the Jury to be paid in respect of such Interest, it shall not be lawful for the Jury in any such case to alter the Amount of the entire Compensation awarded by any former Verdict to be paid for such Lands or Hereditaments, but only the Proportion thereof to be paid to the Person or Persons having separate Interest therein; and it shall not be lawful for any Jury on any Enquiry had before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius or Lords or Lord of Justiciary, as to any such Compensation, on the Application of the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, in any case in which the whole Compensation awarded by the former Jury, to alter the Proportion that shall have been settled by any such former Jury as to any separate Interest in any such Lands or Hereditaments.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge or Lord Ordinary, making any such Rule or Order, to require that the Party on whose Application the same shall be made, shall give such Security as shall to such Court, Judge or Lord Ordinary seem proper for Payment of Costs under such Cinimstances as shall be specified in any Rule or Order made for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Lands or Hereditaments shall have been taken under the Provisions of this Act, for any Term of Years or for such Period only as the Public Service shall require, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, at any time before the Possession of any Lands or Hereditaments which shall have been taken for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be delivered up to the Owner or Owners thereof, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their behalf, to take down and remove all such Buildings or other Erections which shall or may have been built or erected thereon for the Public Service, and to carry away the Materials thereof, making such Compensation to the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Hereditaments, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their behalf, for the Damage or Injury which may have been done thereto, or to the Soil thereof, by the Erection of atiy such Buildings, or removing and carrying away the fame, or otherwise, in consequence of the fame having been occupied for the Public Service, as the said Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral or such other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid shall think reasonable, and as shall be agreed upon in that behalf, and if such Owner or Owners or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their behalf, shall not be willing to accept the Compensation so offered, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, to apply to and require Two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to settle and ascertain the Compensation which ought to be made for such Damage or Injury as aforesaid; and such Justices shall settle and ascertain the fame accordingly, and shall grant a Certificate thereof, and the Amount of such Compensation so settled and ascertained and certified shall forthwith be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, prejudice or affect any Agreement which hath been or shall or

may

Jury in ascertaining Corn pen-fa tion for Premises to settle Proportion to be paid Lessees, Scc<

[Proviso.]

Courts to require Security for Costs.

In cases where Lands taken for ary Term of Years, all Erections for Public Service removed, on delivering up Lands to Owners.

[Proviso.]

55° GEORGGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Purchase Money belonging to in capacitated Person*, &c. paid by Treasurer of Navy to Deputy Remembrancer of Exchequer for their Use.

Money paid inter Back.

Barons of Exchequer, kc. on Petition of Parties interested «o otder Application of Money.

On Death or Removal of Deputy Remembrancer, Stocks and Securities to vert in Suc-cfcflor.

Where no Deputy, Power* to veil in King's Rcmernbranetr,

my be entered into by any such Person or Persons authorized as a fore said with any Owner or Owners of any stich Lands or Hereditaments, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their behalf, in relation to any such Buildings or Erections, but every such Agreement shall remain valid and effectual in like manner, as if this Act had not been passed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Money shall have been or shall be agreed or shall have been or shall be found by the Verdict of any Jury to be paid or given either for the Use or for the absolute Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments taken by virtue of this A A, belonging to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or not having the absolute Interest therein, the same shall be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, into the Hands of the Deputy of The King's Remembrancer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively, for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons who is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept and to give a Discharge for the fame, and upon the Acceptation or Receipt thereof to sign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Consideration was received or accepted by and paid to him in pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons who shall be named and described in such Certificate, and the said Certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively, and a true Copy thereof signed by the Deputy Remembrancer of such Court shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes herein after mentioned 5 and the said Deputy Remembrancer is hereby required upon Receipt of any such Sum* or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to pay the same into the Bank of England, or Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of Irelandas the case may require, and immediately upon the filing or depositing of such Certificate the said Lands or Hereditaments shall be and become vested in or to the Use of His Majesty, his Heks and Successors.*1

X. And be it further enacted, That the Barons or Judges of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at West* mnflev, Edinburgh or Dublin, of the Degree of the Coif, for the time being respectively, or any Two or more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered in a luminary Way upon Motion or by Petition, for and on behalf of any Person or Persons iaterested in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money so paid to and received by the Deputy Remembrancer or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders fend Directions for paying the said Money or any Part of the fame, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds or upon Government or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof or any Part thereof, to the respective Persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying put the Principal or any Part thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes as the said Lands and Hereditaments so taken flood settled at the time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, as near as the fame can be done, or otherwise, concerning the disposing of the said Money or any Part thereof, and the1 frterest of the fame Or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled to and interested io the lame respectively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes as the said Court shall think just and reasonable.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Removal of any such Deputy Remembrancer; alt Stocks and Securities vested in him by virtue of this Act shall vest in the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned without any Assignrr.ent or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the said Banks respectively in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of any Deputy Remembrancer at his Death or Removal, and not vested in the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforesaid shall be paid over to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if in any case The King's Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person, then and in such case the several Trusts, Powers and Authorities, by this Act vested in the said Deputy Remembrancer and im Successors, shall, during such time as no Deputy Remembrancer shall be appointed, be veiled in and be executed by the said King's Remembrancer for the time being*

Ante, c. 30.

*h (B )

Additional Dr*wtu<ks of Excise allowed on Tobacco.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to increase the Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties on Tobacco; and to limit the Tonnage of Ships in which Wine may be exported when Duties are drawn back.

[4th July 1315.]

WHEREAS the Drawback allowed by an Act of the present Session of Parliament intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nincieent f additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences, for and ip

respect of Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco and Carrot Tobacco, mapufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain, into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or within Two Miles thereof#

are less in Proportion to the Duly by the said Act imposed on Tobacco, than the fame ought to have been,

and it is therefore expedient to grant the additional Drawbacks herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be allowed and paid for such manufactured Tobacco the several additional Drawbacks of Excise herein after mentioned} that is to {ay,

Tat

A.D. 1815.

55°

C. 139;

375

pitting of Act. Ante, c.JO. Sch. (B.)

For every Pound Weight of Short Cut Tobacco manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into Drawback*, which Tobacco may lawfully be imported or within Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties impoicd in respect thereof shall have been paid and exported as Merchandize by the Manufactureer thereof from i--h Ports to Foreign Parts, Two pence Farthing and One Tenth Part of a Farthing:

For every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco, (o manufactured and exported, One Penny Three Farthings.t, and Four Fifth Parts of a Farthing:

For every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco, so manufactured and exported, Two pence Farthing and One Tenth Part of a Farthing: "

For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufactured and exported, One Penny Three Farthings and Four Fifth Parts of a Farthing.

II. And be it further enacted, That for all Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco and Carrot Additional*bacco, manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or: Dr.»wb«cks sf-

" uhiti Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties imposed by the said Act of the present Session ofowed cn To" Parliament in respect thereof, as well as all other Duties imposed for or in respect thereof by any former Act or tuJedat any^"* Acts of Parliament, dull have been paid, and exported before the passing of this Act as Merchandize by the portl of G. B. Manufacturer tb.reol from any such Port, or to Foreign Parts, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations and &c. fromTo-P: .>v; fions by Law established for the Exportation of Tobacco on Drawbaxk, there shall, in addition to the bacco for which Drawback or Drawbacks by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament granted, be allowed and paid tin.- additional Drawback by this Act granted on manufactured Tobacco of the like Sort. ex£?rt*? £re;

III. And, to countervail the Drawbacks granted on manufactured Tobacco, by an Act made in the Fifty

fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences, and the additional Drawbacks granted on manufactured Tobacco by this Act, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be rail. d, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Countervailing Duties; that is to say,

For every Pound Weight of untnauufactured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, imported from Countervailing thence into Great Britain, Three pence: Tobl*0*

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is 1 cco* 'h' commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Four pence Halfpenny:

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Shag Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain,

Four peace Halfpenny 2

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Roll Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain,

Four pence Halfpenny:

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Carrot Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain,

Four pence iialtpenny:

For every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Irish manufactured Tobacco, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Four pence Halfpenny:

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Rappee Snuff, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Snuff.

Three pence Three Farthings:

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Scotch Snuff, imported from Ireland into Great Britaini Five penoe Farthing:

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Brown Scotch Snuff, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Three pence Three Farthings:

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Tobacco Stalk Flour, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Five* pence Farthing:

For every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of Irish manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Five pence Farthing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Countervailing Duties by this Act imposed shall be raised, levied, " Countervailing collected, paid, applied and accounted for in such and the like manner as the Countervailing Duties on Tobacco

and Snuff imposed by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An -^' c^Act for grafting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise 4n Great Britain on Glass, Hides and Tobdcco and Snuff, are by any Law or Laws now in force to be raised, levied, collected, paid, applied or accounted foi>

V. And be it further enacted, That the additional Drawbacks by this Act granted shall be paid and allgovped Additional

out of the Duties of Excise by Law imposed for or in respect of Tobacco, and under, subject and according Drawbickvpaid* to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained and provided in and by an Act made in the Tobncc^1*"68 °° Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing % ^c, 6Z.

the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, or by any other Act or Acts of

Parliament now in force, relating to the Exportation of Tobacco on Excite Drawback*,

1 VI. And Whereas it is expedient to limit the Tonnage of Ships and Veflbls in w|iich Wine may be cx- Wine exported*ported on Drawback Be it therefore enacted, That no Wine on-which the jfull Duties of Customs and for Drawback ia

the. Laws in force, on and immediately befofe the passing of this Act.

C..ijp, i3i-

A.Di815

4»S* c. 4.

§3*

lejgo Sudan*

«r«d to ise a

Comptroller of Array Accounts to 4gn War-mu

CommffioBon of Audit to discharge Fayaaf-ter General of all Sums paid by Deputy under such Warrants.

AS not to prevent Commander in Chief signing Warrant! deemed expedient. Warrants signed already, valid.

His Maje^y may direct that neDedudion be made from Half Pay, &c.

f*r.

4*0- 3- e-49-

S3.4-

55 GECMUBIt lit.

CAP. CXXS.

A&Acb foe further regulating the Issue ajrdPaynaent of Money to His Majesty's Forcer forcing Abroad.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

buled An Act for accelerating the Making-up* Examination and Audit of the Account of - the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that in the Examination of the

Annual Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty'*. Forces, foe Monies paid, within the Period of the said Account, by his Deputies on Foreign Stations, the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts ' are.directed and required to discharge the said Paymaster General of all Sums of Mopev paid by any Deputy

on any Foreign Station, under the Warrant of the Officer Commanding, in Chief on such Foreign. Station:

And Whereas it is expedient that Officers holding, the Chief Command of Armies employed in aftire Ope-

rations Abroad should, in, certain cases, be relieved from the Charge of personally signing all Warrants for the I(ftie§ from time to time for the Service of such Armies May it therefore pjeafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That notwithstanding any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof, it shall be lawful for any Officer holding the Chief Command of aa Army employed in activeOperations Abroad, to authorize and empower a Comptroller of Array Accounts (in cate a, Comptroller of Army Accounts shall be. attached by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being to such Army), or in the Event of.no Comptroller of Army Accounts being, attached to such Army, or of the Death or Ab-tence of any such Comptroller, then to authorize and empower such other - Person as may> be appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury for that , to sign Warrants for the I fine and Payment of all Sums of Money which may from time to time be paid by any Deputy to the Paymaster General ou Foreign Service, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in the Examination of the Annual Account of the Paymaster General of His Mtefty's Forces, for Monies paid, within the Period of the said Account, by his Deputies oa Foreign Stations, the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall and they are hereby, directed and required to discharge the Paymaster General of afi Sums of Money paid, by any Deputy Abroad# under any Warrant of any such Comptroller of Army Accounts, or other Person duly appointed and authorized for the Poepose of signing such Warrants as aforesaid, in like manner as if the fame had been signed by the Officer

in Chief, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this- Act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent any Officer commanding in Chief, from signing such Warrants relating to the Expenditure of the Army under his Command, as he could or might have done before the passing of thus Act in all cases where he may deem it expedient to (ig* himself such Warrants.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Warrants which at any time before the passing of this Act may slave been signed by the Comptroller of Army Accounts attached to His Majesty's Army in the Netherlands or any, other Person authorized to sign such Warrants by the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces there, shall be as valid and effectual for all the Purposes of this Act, as if the fame had been signed after the paffiogthereof.

CAP. CXXXL

An Act for discontinuing certain Deductions from Half Pay, and for further regulating the Accounts of the Paymaster General.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Deductions which are now-made from the Half Pay and

Military Allowances of Officers on the Establishment of Great Britain and Ireland should be di£»

continued % Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, from time to time to direct, that the Half Pay and Military Allowances of Officers belonging to the Establishment of Great Britain, or Irelandffiould be paid to such Officers net and free from all or any of the Deductions which have heretofore been made from the same; and from and after the iffiring of any such Warrant, all such Half Pay and Allowances shall be paid without any Deduction whatever { any thing in any Act or Act of Parliament, in f Law or Regulation to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas by an Act pafiird in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for accelerating the Making-up> Examination and Andit of the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces certain Rules ore prescribed for annually making up as well the General Account of the said Paymaster General as separate Accounts of Monies received and paid on Account of Half Pay of Chelsea .Hospital, and of Pensions. on the Compafihxtate Lift t And Whereas it is expedient that the Pay»

meat of Officers of the Army allowed to retire upon Full Pay, of Pensions to Wounded Officers of the

Army, of Pay of General Officer* not being Colonels of Regiments, and of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to Relatives of deceased Officers of the Land Forces, should, where not otherwise ordered by the Secretary at War, be made.and accounted for in like manner as the above mentioned Services of Half Pay, Chelsea Hospital and Compassionate LiftB& it therefore enacted, That the said Paymaster General shall in the

10 present

A; D/j8i5-

55° GEORGII III. C. 131, 13^, 133. 377

Paynoafler General to make up separate Accounts of Payments made to Mirer* rfctirfeg on Full Pay, and of Pensions to Wounded Officers, &c.

present Year and in every future Year, besidee the separate Accounts directed by the f«*id Act, makeup other separate Accounts of Monies received and paid within the Period comprized in the said General Account,

00 account of the above Services, in like manner m all vel^efts as he is required by the said recited Act to make up the separate Accounts therein specified 5 and that such other separate Accounts directed by tbie A A shall be traosmitted, examined and declared, and the said Paymaftey General shall be discharged and taqukted thereon, in the same manner ih all respects as is by the said recited Act provided with regard to the foparaU Accounts thereby directed to be made up.

Cap. cxxxn.

An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to regulate, until 54 0.3. c. 149.

the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade of Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland

rtedprocally; and it is expedient that the said Act should be further continuedBf it therefore enacted by Toe King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem- v poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from and after the End of this prefect Session of continus*. Parliament, and Audi remain and continue in force from thence until the End of the next Session of P*r-Baxtmte, and no longer.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act to grant further, Powers to the Commissioners of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospital with resptft to Pensions on those Establishraents.

[4th J*/y 1815.]

TJPT ifMtEAtl art Act was pxflbd in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitnjed 5* 3- 'c*1D^-

An ABto empower the Commissioners Chelsea Hospital to commute Pensions for a Sum of Morey im,

certovi Cafit: And Whereas it is expedient to enlarge the Powers granted by the said necked Act»Be it therefore etiaftedby* Y!ie King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of t^e Lord#

8pirttftai-abd Tenfeoral, and Commons, in this present Parbanaent assembled, and br the Authority of the same, That vt'finul be lawful for the Agent for the time being of the Out Peuuoaprs of Chelsea Hof- In Addition to pitai, and be is hereby empowered and required to pay and discharge, by accepting and paying Bill* of Comminaticniii Exchange, at otherwise, as may be ordered and directed by the Commissioners of the said Hospital in that behalf, one of the Ftands provided by Parliament for the Use df Chelsea Hofpkal, in addition to the Coranju- ^JwoJdif- tOtion in Hen df Fenficto wowed by tile said Act, all such contingent Expences as have already been incurred, cht^l sotii*$ or as may be hereafter incurred, on account of such discharged Soldirra as have been or may be permitted to aUa — d*'*1 commute ^their Pfcnfibfte as aforesaid, whether for Passage Money, Ships' Provisions, Subsistence while detained by competent Authority at any Station Abroad, Losses by Exchange upon Bills drawn on the said Agent for*1 #'k TOe commuted Penflon, or on any other Account, provided such Expences shall have been duly incurred by or under any Regulations or Orders made and prescribed in that behalf by His Majesty's Secretary at War; and the Payments fb made by the said Agent and vouched by Bills or Receipts for the same shall be accordingly allowed and admitted in nis Accounts by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital shall be and they are hereby Commissionert esnpowere^ and required to make Arrangements for the Purpose of enibbng Out Penfiaam who may be peO- °^[he, ka mitred to reside out of the United Kingdom, but within His Majesty's Dominions, to receive the Amount of Arrangements

their Pen Const abroad, either by means of .Rills of Exchange, to be drawn by such Out Penfiouer* upon xhe for paying Pen* TVgeAt £f Ckelfta Hofphaf, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners may deem most expedient. \ f fion* Abroad.

III. AM be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant dr Chief Governor or Powers of Act* Governor^/ Ireland, or the Governors Kilmainham Hospital, to use and apply all the Powers, Autho. exerci[e.d bT

fities and Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act, and all Rules and Regulations which may be , eut* f made mphtfuance thereof, as they may respectively deem it expedient to use and apply, to the allowing tp dif-,

charged Solders, placed on the Pension Lift of the said Hospital. who may be desirous of commuting their;

Pen nons', to commute such Pensions in such and the like cases in which such Commutation is allowed by the*1 1

said Act or this Act, in like manner in every respect as if the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or > -

GoWrriors df Ireland, or tht* Governors of Ktlmainham Hospital, had beenincluded in the Provisions of the v

find redted Act alid mi* Act, and as if all such Ruses and Regulations had been made by them respectively in pursuance thereof. / /'1'\ .'*v

And Whereas it W expedient that the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hofpkal should be

' J ' ----- J - 1 J "1 Petty Officers, Seamen and # r

els of His Majesty 46 by their,

pitai should have the like Powjer

1 Authority with respect to the granting Pensions to Non Commimoned Officers and Soldiers for previous 1 Sernce in His Majesty's Navy, or as Non Commissioned Officer* or Soldiers in the Royal Marines Be it

Commissionen of Greenwich Hospital to ap-Person poit»on Pensions

55 Geo. III

378

according to Length of Service.

CommUConers of Chelsea Hospital ra apportion Pensions according to Length of Service.

S & 6 W. & M.

c. 6.

§3-

15L per Ton instead of 9l. Rate at which His Majesty, tec* may exercise Right of Pre-emption of Ore in which there is Lead.

49 O.3. c. 98. §38.

Condition* un-dey which Blubber and T rain Oil of Newfoundland admitted to Entry.

C. 133, 134, 135. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Person or Persons in their Discretion according to their Length of Service, allowing in the Apportionment of such Pensions all such time as the said Person or Persons shall have served (previously to his entering into the Navy or Marines) either as a Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine, or as a Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier in any of His Majesty's Land Forces.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, upon all Applications to be hereafter made to them by any Person or Persons claiming on Account of their Services in His Majesty's Army, to give Pensions to such Person or Persons in their Discretion according to their Length of Service, allowing in the Apportionment of such Pensions all such time as the said Person or Persons shall have served (previously to his entering into His Majesty's Army) either as a Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman in His Majesty's Fleet, or as a Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act for altering the Rate at which The Crown may exercise its Right of Pre-emption of Ore in which there is Lead.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines*, 9Owners of Mines within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed\9wherein any Ore should be discovered, and in which there is Copper, Tin, Iron or Lead, are authorized9to hold and enjoy the fame Mines and Ore, and to continue in Possession thereof, and to dig and work the said Mines, notwithstanding that such Mines or Ore should be pretended or claimed to be Royal Mines subject to a Right in Their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, and all claiming any Royal Mines under them, to have the Ore of any such Mines in any Part of the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales9or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, other than Tin Ore in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, paying to the9Proprietors or Owners of the said Mines certain Rates contained in the said Act, in the manner and according to the Limitations specified in the said recited Act: And Whereas the Rate therein directed to be paid for all Ore wherein there is Lead is in consequence of the Lapse of Time and Change of Circumstances ft nee the passing of the said recited Act become inadequate to theincreased Expence of raising the fame, and it is rea-9 sonable therefore that the fame should be increased; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent oi the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Rate which shall be paid by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successor8, and all claiming any Royal Mines under them, in exercising the Right of Pre-emption given them by the said recited Act, as far as respects any Ore wherein there is Lead, shall be Twenty five Pounds per Ton for all Ore washed, made clean and merchantable, wherein there is Lead, instead of the Rate of Nine Pounds per Ton as by the said recited Act is directed; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such increased Rate shall be paid, subject to the Provisions and according to the Regulations contained in the said recited Act, and now in force, with regard to the said original Kate of Nine Pounds per Ton.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act to alter the Conditions and Regulations under which Blubber and Train Oil of Newfoundland are admitted to Entry.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Conditions and Regulations contained in an Act, passed in the

Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Cu/loms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, under which Blubber and Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks 4. and Shores of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, were to be admitted to Entry as such, should be altered Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, before any Blubber and Train-Oil imported into Great Britain, as being taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty imposed on such Blubber or Train Oil by the said recited Act, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported shall produce and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Deputy Governor of Newfoundland, or of the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place in Newfoundland where the Train Oil or Blubber shall have been taken on board, or if no such Officer or Governor or Deputy Governor shall be residing there, then a Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer or other principal Officer of the said Port or Place, or of One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the District, testifying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath and to grant such Certificate) by the Shipper of such Blubber or Train Oil that the fame was really and bona fide the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery, and usually residing in the Island of Newfoundland, or in His Majesty's European Dominions; and the Mailer

lof or

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 135, 136, 137.

or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which the Blubber or Train Oil shall be imported into Great Britain shall make Oath before such Collector or other Chief Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same) that the Blubber or Train Oil so imported is the same as mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate; and the Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of such Blubber or Train Oil shall also make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs (who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath), at the time of Entry, that to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief the Blubber or Train Oil so imported was actually caught and taken by British Subjects usually residing in the Island of Newfoundland, or in His Majesty's European Dominions; and on Failure of such Certificate being produced, and Proof on Oath as aforesaid being made, such Blubber and Train Oil shall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Fishing, and charged with the Duty imposed by the said recited Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty on such Articles of Foreign Fiftiing.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital of Kilmainham.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS the Payment in Advance as heretofore made to Out Pensioners of Kilmainham Hospital for so long a Period as Six Months has, through the Improvidence of such Pensioners, been found to produce great Inconvenience 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner, of the said Hospital of Kilmainham to make such Regulation in relation to the Payment in Advance to Out Pensioners upon their First Admission on the Pension Lift of any of such Proportions of their Pensions at the time of Admission as the said Commissioners shall see fit, and for the Payment of the Residue of such Pensions for the current Quarter upon the Arrival of Pensioners at their Places of Residence as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners appear best adapted to prevent improvident Expenditure of such Pensions, and the consequent Distress of such Pensioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby further authorized and directed to make all subsequent Payments of such Pensions by Quarterly Payments in Advance instead of by Half-yearly Payments; any Law, Statute or Usage to tie contrary notwithstanding.

as to Payment of Pensions by Commissioners of Kilmainham Hospital, 47 G. 3. Sejf, 2. c. 5. See as to ReUef of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, ante, r. I2y.]

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to prevent Poor Persons in Workhouses from embezzling certain Property provided for their Use; to alter and amend so much of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, as restrains Justices of the Peace from ordering Relief to Poor Persons in certain cases for a longer Period than One Month at a Time; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, relating to the Poor.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS many Persons, received into Public Workhouses established for the Relief, Maintenance g and Employment of the Poor, pawn and dispose of their Clothes and Apparel, and the Goods and Chattels deposited in or belonging to such Workhouses; and Poor Persons relieved by having«Clothes and Apparel given them by the Officers of Parishes, frequently pawn and sell the same; and by the Laws now in force no Punishment can be inflicted on them, or on the Person or Persons buying or

receiving the fame into Pawn; ' For Remedy whereof, May it please Your Majesty that it may b« enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Property of and in all and singular the Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Clothes, Linen and Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials and Things whatsoever, had and to be had, bought, procured or provided for the Use of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, shall be and the fame is hereby vested in the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places for the time being, and their Successors in Office, for the Purposes of this Act, who are hereby empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take or carry away, or buy or receive any such Goods, Chattels, Provisions, Clothes, Linen, Furniture, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials or Things whatsoever as aforesaid, or any Part thereof; and in every such Action and Indictment the said Goods, Chattels, Provisions, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials and Things, shall be laid or described to be the Property of the Overseers of the Poor for the time being of such Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet ot Hamlets, Place or Places, without dating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of such Overseers: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal any of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, whereby the Property of and in any such Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials and Things is or may be veiled in any other Person or Persons jointly with, or independent of the Overseers of the Poor of a#y Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Placet.

3 C 2 II. And

379

Com minioners to make Regulations for Advance to Out Pensioners on First Admission as they think fit, fee,

Pensions paid Quarterly.

Property in Goods, &c. provided for Use of Poor veiled in Overseers.

Not to repeal Provisions in Local AtU,

38o

Parish Officers m3y cause oods, &c. to be marked*

Taking Id Pawn, Buying, See. Property provided for Poor by Parish Officers;

Defacing, &c. Marks, ice.

[Penalty.]

On Non Payment of Penalty, Offenders cem* mitted.

Absconding with Workhouse Property committed.

Mark, Sec. on Articles Evidence of Right of Property. How Mark put on Wearing Apparel.

36 G. 3. c. 13.

51.

Time for which Justices may or der Relief to Poor Per Tons at their own Homes extended.

C. 137. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

II. And be it farther efia&ed* That the Overseers of the Poor, or other Perfota ot PeHons wfi6 may bfc Appointed for the ordering, regulating, managing or providing for the Poor of any Parish or Parishet, Towm-ship ot Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places jointly with or independent of such Overseers of the Poor, shall or may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause all such Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials and Things, capable of being marked* and from time to time belonging to such Overseers, or Other Person or Persons, to be marked, damped or branded with the Word Workhouse, " and such other Mark or Marks a* they shall think proper for kfentifying the Parish at Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, by which the same shall have been provided 2 And if any Pawnbroker or other Person or Persons shall knowingly take in Pawn* buy, exchange or receive any Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils* Materials and Things, provided for the Use of any of the Poor who are or shall be received into the Work-house of any Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, or to whom the same shall have been given by the Overseers of the Poor, or other such Person or Persons as aforesaid appointed as aforesaid, of or for any such Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, or aay of them, or any of the Goods* or Materials carried into any such Workhouse or Workhouses to be wrought up, fnanufa&urcd or used by the Poor there, or any of the Goods or furniture of such Workhouse or Workhouses: or shall receive or buy any of the Provisions allotted to or provided for the Poor of such Workhouse or Workhouses, or strall be aiding or assisting therein; or if any Rerfbu or Persons shall cause such Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps, as aforesaid, to be obliterated or defaced, every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, nor less than One Pound upon Conviction thereof, either by the Confdfion of such Person or Peyfona, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more of His MajestyV Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, Riding or Division wherein the Offence or Offences shall be committed; One Moiety of which said Penalty shall go to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety straH go and be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet Or Hamlets, Place or Places to which such Articles or Things may belong, for the Use of the Poor of (such Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places; and in case any Perfdft Or Persons who shall be convicted as aforesaid shall not pay such Penalty or Penalties upon Conviction, then and in such case such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may and is and are hereby requited to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail ot Mainprize for any Space of time not exceeding Two Calendar Months; and if any Person of Pfcrfon* fljufl desert or run away from any Workhouse or Workhouses, and carry away with him, her of them, any-Clothes, Linen or other Goods or Things as aforesaid, such Person or Persons being thereof lawfully convicted either by the Confession of such Party or Parties, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall by such Justice or Justices of the Peace be forthwith committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Calendar Months; and in all cases such Mark, Stamp or Brand, on any such Articles or Things as aforesaid (being duly authenticated) shall be confide red and taken to be sufficient Evidence, without further Proof, of the Right of Property in such Overseers or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, as the case may be: Provided always, that such Mark or Stamp as aforesaid shall not at any time be placed on any Articles of Wearing Apparel so as to be publicly visible on the Exterior of the fame. t

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amendfo much of an Act made in the Ninth Teat of the Reign of King George the F'rrjl,

intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment and Relief of the Poor, as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Cireutnjlances and in certain Cases, Justices of the Peace are authorized and empowered to direct apd order Collection and Relief to induftnous Poor Persons at their Homes, m any Parish, Town, Township or Place, notwithstancL ing any Contract shall have been entered into or made with any Person or Persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining and employing any and all Poor Persons there, in a House or Houfos for such Purpose hired or purchased; Provided that such Order should be given for and remain in force for a time not to exceed Onfe Month from the Date of such Order, but that any Two Justices might make any further Order for the fame or a like Purpose for any further time not exceeding One Month, and so on from time to time as t!*e 4 Occasion should require: And Whereas it. rs expedient that Justices should be empowered to order Relief to be paid to Poor Persons, in the cases mentioned in the said A<rt, for longer Periods than One Month at 4 a Time Be it therefore etiafted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing ot thft Ad, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in the cases and in the manner mentioned in the said Act, to direct and order CoHedion and Relief to be paid to any Poor Person or Persons, at his, her or their Home or Homes, House or Heufes during such time or times as to such Justice or Justices may feetn proper, not exceeding Three Months from the Date of such Order: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for any Two such Justices as aforesaid, to make any further Order for the fame or the like Purpose, for any further time not exceeding Six Months from the Dab' of such Order, and so on from time to time as the Occasion shall require; such Justice or Justices first admitiifterrug mi Oath as to the need and cause of such Relief, in each of the above cases, and thereupon summonm; the Ov -rfeer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Township or Place, to be charged with such Relief, to shew cause why such Poor Person or Persons should not receive such Relief in manner as by Law provided, in cases where no Contract for lodging, keeping and mamtaaning the Poor shall have been made; and m case ft shall afterwards - appear

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 137. 381

appdfcr to the Justice or Jiiftiees making such Order, that die Payment of such Collection or Relief to any Justices making such Person or P'rforts as aforesaid ought to be drfoontinued before the Expiration of the time for which any Orders may du such Order or Orders shall have been made, such Just ice or Justices shall and may order finch Relief to be rra Payment of discontineted, and from thenceforth the Person or Persons for whom and on whole Account such Order shall Rel, .ef 10 be dii* have been made, shall not be entitled to ask or receive the same. continue

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money which any such Justice or Limitation of Justices shall or may order to be paid to any such Poor Person or Persons, for any longer Space or Period Allowances, of Time than One Month, shall not exceed for each such Poor Person the Sum of Thhre Shillings per Week, or Three fourths of the Average weekly Expence which shall be usually borne or paid by the Rartfh or Place on which such Order shall be made for the Maintenance of each Poor Person, in any Workhoafe or Work-hoirfes in which Poor Persons of or belonging to such Parish or Place shall be usually maintained and employed.

V. And Whereas Persons maintained in Public Workhouses sometimes refiofe to Work, or are guilty of

Drankenness and other Mifoehaviour, and by the Laws in being no sufficient Punishment is provided for

such Offences; Be it therefore enacted, That in case any Person or Persons maintained in any Public Misbehavingin Workhouse or Workhouses established for the Relief, Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, shall refuse Workhouses. to work at any Work, Occupation or Employment, suited to his, her or their Age, Strength and Capacity,

or shall be guilty of Drbnkenness or other Misbehavkmr, every such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall thereupon by such Justice or Justices of the Peace be Imprisonmeur. committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Period of time not exceeding Twenty one Pays, and during such time to be kept to hard Labour.

VI. And be it further enacteck That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the passing persons having of this Act, no Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, or other Person or Persons in whose Hands the Cot Management of lection of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, or the providing for, ordering, Management, Controul or Poor, not con-IJireftfon of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Phces, shall or may be placed jointly with or independent of such Churchwardens and Overseers, or any of in Office

them, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall, either in his own Name, or in the Name of ahy other Person or Persons, provide, fumish or supply for his or their own Profit, any Goods, Materials or Provisions, for the Use of any Workhouse or Workhouses, or otherwise, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor, in any Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, for which he ot they shall be appointed as such, during the time which he or they thafl retain finch Appoint* meat, nor shall be concerned, directly or indirectly in furnishing or (uppling the fame, or in any Contract or Contract.^ relating thereto, under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds, with fullCofts of Penalty.

Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action or Actions no Eflbin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; Provided neverthelef9, that if it shall happen in any Exceptions. Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, that a Person or Persons competent and willing to undertake the Supply of any of the Articles or Things required for such Workhouse or Workhouses, or for the Use of the Poor there, cannot be found within a convenient Distance therefrom, other than and except some or One of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or other Person or Persons having the ordering, managing, controul or direction of the Poor, in such Parish or Parishes, Township or Towtdraps, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more neighbouring Justices of the Peace (Proof thereof having been first duly made before them upon Oath, and which Oath such Justices or any One of them are and is hereby authorized and 0alh* empowered to adminiiiber) by Certificate under their Hands and Seals, to permit and suffer any One or more Certificate of such Churchwardens and Overseers or other such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to contract and agree for the fonrishing and supplying of any Articles or Things which may be required for such Workhouse or Work-housei, or otherwise, fur the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, during the time which he or they may retain such Appointment; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Certificate shall be entered with the Clerk of the Certificate en-Peace, or Town Clerk of the County, City, Town or District, In which such Person or Persons shall residej tered-and a Copy thereof left with him, for which Entry every such Clerk shall receive One Shilling and ito more; pCe. and from that time, -every Person and Persons named in any such Certificate shall be discharged from any Penalty to which he or they would otherwise be liable under this Act, for furnishing or fopplying any such Articles or Things as aforesaid; and in case any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any such Penalty as aforesaid shall be commenced against any Person or Persons to whom such Certificate shall have been granted as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to plead generally, that he or they Pleading, was or were duly discharged from any Liability to such Forfeiture, by a Certificate granted according to the Provisions of this Act; and upon due Proof being given of such Certificate, and of such Entry thereof as aforesaid, the Jury &a)l find a Verdict for the Defendant in such Action or Suit; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Bonfuited, or discontinue his, her or their Actios, or if Verdict shall pass against him, her or them, or if Judgment shall be had against him, her or them, on Demurrer, then the Defendant or Defendants in so«h Action (hell have Double Costs, and have such and the like Remedy For the Recovery of Double Costs. the fame asany Defendant or Defendants have or hath for rocOverif\g Costs of Suit in any other cases by Law.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Notice of Con-when and so often as any Contract or Contracts shall be made Or entered into for the providing, nirnifhrag or trails for supply -feppjyfog any Articles, Materials or Things for the Use of the Poor in the Workhouse or Workhouses of orkhouse*

qc belonging to any Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, or for' given'

the

382

Form of Conviction*

Want of Form* Certiorari.

Appeal.

Recognizance. Decision final.

21, 400 Acres.

Farm of xo8 Acres, 2 Roods.

C. 137, 138. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

the erecting of any Building or Buildings, the Expence whereof is to be defrayed out of any Rate or Rates or other Monies applicable to the Relief of the Poor, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or other Person or Persons having the Management, Controul or Direction of the Poor in such Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, shall cause Notice of their Intention to enter into such Contract or Contrails, and of the Time and Place when and where they shall assemble and meet for such Purpose, and of the Security which will be required for the Performance of such Contrail or Contrails, to be affixed in a conspicuous manner on the outer Door of the Church or respective Churches to which such Parish or Parishes, Township or Township, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, shall belong, or to be inserted in one or more of the Public Newspapers most generally circulated in the Neighbourhood, Seven Days at the lead previous to such Meeting, m order and to the Intent that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the supplying or furnishing the fame, may make Proposals for that Purpose to such Churchwardens and Overseers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be eonviHed of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Effect; that is to say,

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A. 3. is duly convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [or, City, or, Liberty, of

as the case may be] of having \here Jiate the Offence] contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals, as the case may be-\ the Day and Year first above written/

And that such Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed or set aside, or adjudged void or inefficient, for want of any other Form of Words whatever; nor shall the fame be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, City or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; such Person or Persons at the time of his, her or their Conviction entering into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions, to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled; and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary way, and make such Order therein as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at their General or Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the Forest of Exmoor otherwise Exmore, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; and for inclosing the said Forest.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seised to Himself, his Heirs and Successors, of the Forest or Chace of Exmoor otherwise Exmore, situate in the Counties < of Somerset and Devonf containing by Estimation Twenty two thousand four hundred Acres of Land, or thereabout, now lying open and uninclosed, subject to such Rights of Common and other Rights as the several Persons herein after mentioned are entitled to, within, upon or over the said Forest 5 and His Majesty is also seised in His Demesne as of Fee, of and in a certain Farm called Simons Bath Farm> situate within the said Forest, containing by Estimation One hundred and eight Acres Two Roods, which Farm is inclosed, and separated and divided from the said Open and Uninclosed Lands: And Whereas the Whole of the said Forest is Extraparochial: And Whereas Sir Thomas Dyke Acland is or claims to be entitled to all Tithes arising, renewing and increasing within the said Forest: And Whereas the Right Honourable Henry* George Earl of Carnarvon, the said Sir Thomas Dyke Acland Baronet, John Palmer Chichester Esquire, Thomas Thornton Esquire, William Mogg ridge Stawell Clerk, and divers other Persons, are Owners or Proprietors of certain Estates in the Parishes of Hawkridge and Withy Poole9 in the said County of Somtrfet9 adjoining to the said Forest, and as such Owners owe Suit and Service at the Swainmote Courts of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, held for and within the said Forest, and are called by the Names of Free Suitors, and by ancient and remote Custom are entitled to depasture annually on the said Forest certain Numbers of Sheep and Cattle, and to cut and take certain Quanties of Turf, Heath and Fern, for the Consumption of their Houses, and are also entitled to fish in the Rivers within the said Forest: And Whereas the Owners or Proprietors of certain old inclosed Tenements, situate within the several Parishes of Hawkridge and Withy Poole, Exford', Stockfero, Porlock Culbonc, Oare, Brendon, Linton, Challacombef Highbrayt North Molton, Twitchin, Molland] Wins ford-, Dulverton, Luckham, Cutcombe, Woof on9Courtenay, Count fury, West Anjley9 East Anftey, Martinhocy Charles, B'tfhops Nymptony East Buciland and Parracombe, or some of them, in the said Counties of Somerset and Devon, who nave been accustomed or ought to pay Quit or Chief Rents to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and who owe Suit and Service

4 U

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 138.

4 at the Swainmote Courts within the said Forest, have or claim to have a Right/ for their respective Tenants or Occupiers of such old inclosed Tenements, to turn out and depasture their Sheep and Cattle upon the said Forest, upon Payment of certain Sums in respect thereof: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in one A8 certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosurey and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fa8s usually required on the paying of such Acts: And Whereas the said Open and Unmclosed Lands, in their present' 4 State, are of little Value to His Majesty, or to the several Persons having such several Claims or Rights thereon as aforesaid; and it would be of great Advantage to His Majesty and the Public in general, and be advantageous to the several Persons having such Claims or Rights as aforesaid, if the said Forest were di- vided, and specific Shares or Parts thereof were allotted to His Majesty, and the several Persons entitled to and interested in the fame, under the Directions and subject to the Limitations and Restrictions in this and the said recited Act contained; but such beneficial Purposes cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament5' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Richard Hawkins of Kingsbridge, in the County of Devon, Gentleman, and Thomas Abraham of White Lackington, in the County of Somerset, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be nominated and appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Forest, and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act, in such manner as is herein after provided or mentioned, and with such of the Powers and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act, as are not varied, altered or otherwise provided for by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner shall act in the Execution of any of the Powers by the said recited Act or this Act granted save and except in the signing and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said Commissioners) until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath, in addition to the Oatn by the said recited Act directed to be taken, such Oath to be administered and inrolled in like manner as the Oath by the said recited Act prescribed to be taken by Commissioners for executing Acts of Inclosure is directed to be administered and inrolled: Which additional Oath shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [er, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I am neither f Proprietor or Occupier of, nor to the best of my Knowledge am I concerned as Guardian, Steward or Agent for any Proprietor of Messuages, Houses, Cottages, Lands or Grounds, or other Person having or claiming any Right of Common, or any Mauorial Rights, Tithes, or any other Right or Interest whatsoever, in, over or upon the Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands to be inclosed by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act.] So help me GOD.'

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Richard Hawkins, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in his room or stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse or neglect to act, or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal or Incapacity to a & as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the room or stead of the said Richard Hawkins, or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his room or stead, so dying, refusing, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid 5 and so from time to time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues as aforesaid, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said Thomas Abraham, or any Person to be nominated and appointed in his room or stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in every such case the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity shall happen to be known to him, summon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days' Notice by Advertisement shall be given in the Taunton Journal ana Woolmer's Newspaper, if then published, or if not, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Forest) of all and every the Owners or Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice; and the major Part in Value of such Owners or Proprietors who shall be present in Person, or by their respective Agents or Proxies duly authorized for that Purpose, at such Meeting or Meetings (such Value, in case of any Difference or Dispute touching the fame, to be ascertained by Reference to the Land Tax Assessments of the several Parishes or Places wherein the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall lie, in respect whereof such Owners or Proprietors claim such Rights as aforesaid) shall and they are hereby required, at such Meeting, to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under their Hands, a proper Person or Persons (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the room or stead of the said Thomas Abraham, or of such other Person to be nominated and appointed in the room or stead of him so dying, refuting, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any such case shall happen; and every such Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed, shall, after

taking

383

41 G. 3. (UK.) c. 109.

Commissioner*

appointed.

Commissioners

sworn.

41 G. 3. (U. R.) c. 109. § x.

Oath,

Appointment of new Commissioners.

3*4

If Commissioners of Wood*, or Proprietors of Lands, &c neglect to appoint new Commi ffiooers within time prescribed, acting Commis-(ioner to make Appointment.

CommiiidneTf beglefting to at* tend Meetings, <CC* tonfidered as Refusal to ad

Commissioners to appoint a Clerk or Clerks.

Appointment of Umpire.

Umpire to lake Oath.

Oath.

C. 138. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

taking and subscribing tl>e Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this A A.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Wood*; , Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Persons claiming such Rights, or any of them, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commissioner so directed to be nominated and appointed by them or any of them respectively as aforesaid, within the respective units for uiat Purpose limited, and in manner afore fa nh then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner, and he is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of such respective times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and fuccctding Commissioner as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the room or head of every such Commissioner so dying, refuling, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so nonvuaied and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners hereby nominated, or any Commissioners to be nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully refuse or ne-gled to attend at the First Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and duly qualify himself, by taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf; or if either of the said Commissioners shall, at any time after the First Meeting, wilfully absent himself from any Three successive Meetings appointed to be ho'den by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings, shall not attend during die Whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not having been prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at any such Meeting or Meetings; or if any Commissioner, to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Act directed, shall not attend and qualify himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from Three succesliTC Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings shall not attend the Whole of the Third next successive Meeting, such Meetings being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at such Meeting or Meetings, then and in every such cases, such Absence or Nonattendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk or Clerks to assist them in the Execution of the fxiici recited Act and this Act, and shall and may remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint another or others in his or their Room, as to them shall seem meet; and in case of the Death, Incapacity, or declining or neglecting to ad of any such Clerk or Clerks, then and in any of such cases, the said Commissioners shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons they may think proper to be their Clerk or Clerks.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise between the said Commissioners, 'touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done by them by virtue or in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, whereupon the said Commissioners shall differ in Opinion, then and in every such case, such Difference shall be forthwith reduced into Writing, and signed by the said Commissioners, and the lame shall be thereupon referred to John Brickdale of Stoodley, in the County of Devon, Efauire, who is hereby appointed Umpire for that Purpose; and in case of the Death, Refusal or Disability to act of the said John Brickdale, or of any other Umpire appointed or to be appointed in his Head, then to such fit and proper Person (not interfiled in the said Division and Inclosure) as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint; and the Matter upon which such Difference of Opinion shall or may arise, shall be settled and determined by the said John Brickdale or such other Person as aforesaid, whose Determination shall be reduced into Writing, and shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever (except as to such Right of Appeal as is given by the said recited Act or this Act); and for the Purposes aforesaid, but not for any other Purpose, such Umpire shall have, and he is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as by the said recited Act and this Act are given to or vested in the said Commissioners.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Umpire MB aforesaid, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Eifed following; that i» u» say,

' J do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according

*to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities veiled

and reposed in me as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act\ according to Equity and good Con-i science, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD. 1 5f Which

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

8orT.e7<»>M»

ers, sod cerd6ed

on Oath.

Surveyor to Uto OactK

WUch Oath the said Commissioners, or either wf them* teOad'fa hereby «mpowtoed to admfailler % and jU Oath, and also the Writing appointing such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the final Award p*

be said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time w y bewe, of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, as soon ns conveniently may be after the tydfing of mis Ad, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nomiu&te and appoint fozne at and proper rerfo#

or Persons (not interested in the said Division) to be the Surveyor or Surveyors for viewing, surveying nod seafaring the open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands in the said Forestj and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorized and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of Hus Ad, to view, survey and measure the said Fore ft and the Open Commonable Parts thereof, and fa describe and lay down the fame, by way of Map or Plan, cur to use for that Purpose any Map or Plan, qr Maps er-Plane already made, and thereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, Ih^ul be set forth the Number of Statute Acres, Roods and Perches of the said Open and Commonable Ground# and Waste Lands; and that when and so soon as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall have finished and complete^ the said Survey, Map or Plan, he or they shall, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hanas, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a Time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Ten Days, Notice at the Jeaft shall be given unto each of the said Commissioners; tit which Meeting the said Surveyor Or Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Commissioners prefeot at such Meeting} his or their Survey and Plan to Commission" and Book of Reference, and shall fubforibe the lame with his or their Name or Names in the Prefeuce of the said Commissioners, who shall attsft the lame.

X. And be k farther eua&ed, That po Person shall act as a .Surveyor in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following; that ip to lay,

T do swear, [er, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do folemoljr Oith,

f affirm!, That I wil faithfully, impartially and honestiy, according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment#

execute the several Powers and Authorities vested and reposed in me as a Surveyor, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Tide of this948], without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever*

i So help ae GOD/

fifjiich Oath k shall fee lawful for either of the said Commissioners to administer; and the said Oath, when fa taken, shall be written on Parchment and subscribed by the said Surveyor, and duly attested by the said Commis-faoftqrs pnfler their Hands, and shall be implied with the final Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors so to be Appointed as aforesaid, or any facceeding Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall die, refuse, neglect to ad, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of fae laid recited Act $md this Actj then and in every such case k shall be lawful for fae. Commissioners for the fane being of Pfa Majesty's Woods, jForeffa and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar $4fln$h pent after such Death, Refusal, Neglect or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to . nominate and appoint fame other fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be

Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor fa dying, refilling or pegleding to ad, or becoming incapable

acting in tjhe Execution of the said recited Act and thi# and every Surveyor so nominated and

appointed after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and

Authorities, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he .had bepn i)rigina % appointed a Surveyor under and by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it furfaer goaded, That if the said Comraifiianers for the time being.of His MajestyVWoods, If Commissionm jForests and Land Revenues, ftudl make Default in nominating and appointing any Surveyor or Surveyors lo of Wood*,c. dialed to be nominated and appointed by them as aforesaid, within the time for that Purpose limited, andc*1*

in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners admjg in the Execu- Commissionoori* rion of tfai said recited Act and this Act, and they are hereby required from time to time, by Writing linger faejr under Ad tm fityufo, wifaia One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the time fa allowed for nominating and appoint- appoint, fag any PW and focceeding Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not faterested in the said Division and Lnclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any such Surveyor fa 4#ing^ refilling or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every Surveyor fa nominated and appointed faaH, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities, and 4*dl be fufcpsd to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he had been originally appointed a Su$-.veyor un^r and by virtue of tfas Ad.

XfIJ. And be k farther enacted, That after the said Surveyor shall have made and delivered his purvey »f tfae said Forest to the said Commissioners in manner hereinbefore directed, they the said Comnuffionera proceed in thp Execution of this Act with all possible Dispatch; and that their first Awafd shall be gptfle wkbi* Two Years aftpr they, shall receive the said Survey from the said Surveyor; and that their final .Aprard shall be made within Four Years after the passing of this Act.

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That there shall be paid to each and every of the said Commissioners, jUtfl/dfa to the Umpire far fae time being, the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings and no more, for each .every Day's actual Attendance touching the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, and in tra-'rifag to ppdfropa fact Meetings, including all Charges and Expences whatsoever, except the Money actually iMi ?or the Room or Rooms wherein such Meetings shall be held, and for the Servants attending such 55 Ow. IfL 3D Meetings;

Ele&ioaof mw Surveyor* m ctfeof De*

See.

f Death,

Time for executing Ad.

Commissioners*

Allowance.

386 C. 138.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Commissioners, Proprietors and others to pay their own Expellees at Meetings.

Fir (I and other Meetings, and

Meetings; and that no Commissioner or Umpire shall require or be entitled to receive any Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, except the said Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings per Day; and that at all Meetings to be. held in pursuance of this Act the said Commissioners and Umpire shall thereout pay their own Expences 5 and that the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall also pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend any of the Meetings to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act; and that the Surveyor and Clerk to be appointed in manner aforesaid shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money per Day, or otherwise, for their respective Pains and Trouble in attending the said Commissioners or Umpire in the execution of this Act, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and in

all cases in which the Objection or Approbation of the Proprietors to any Act, Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, is directed to be made and testified at any Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors to attend such Meeting or Meetings by his* her or their respective Agents or Proxies duly appointed by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands* whose Acts or Votes shall be as effectual as if such Proprietors respectively were present in person.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held at the Red Lion in Dulverton, in the said County of Somerfei, or at some other

Notices convenient House or Place in Dulverton aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months at the farthest next after

4, rr, e* the passing of this Act; and that the said Commissioners shall cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon

each of the principal outer Doors of the several Churches of the Parishes hereinbefore mentioned, and also Notice by Advertisement to be inserted in the Taunton Journal and Woolmer's Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers, usually circulated in the said Counties of Snmerfct and Dcvotiy of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers of this Act vested in them, Fourteen Days at least before the times appointed for such respective Meetings; and in case only One of the said Commissioners shall % attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it

shall be lawful for such Commissioner, and to and for the Clerk of the said Commissioners, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn the said Meeting, to be holden on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty One Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or some other convenient Place within Twelve Miles of the Boundary of the said Forest; and the Commissioner or Clerk so making such Adjournment is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners shall have Power to adjourn any Meeting to be held by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act* from time to time, as they may think necessary or convenient.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all other Public Notices requisite or necessary to be given by the said Commissioners, shall be given by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Taunton Journal and Woolmtr\ Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Two Newspapers usually circulated in the said Counties of Somerset and Devon.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after setting or marking out Ground for Public Roads and Highways, as authorized by this Act, to set out* in such Places as they shall deem moil convenient on the said Forest, such Part and Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall think necessary and sufficient for the general Use and Accommodation of His Majesty and His Leffecs and Tenants, and of all other the Proprietors of Lands to whom any Allotment shall be made under this Act, and their Lessees for the time being, for the Purpose of getting Stone, Marl or Clay for Bricks, Gravel, Sand and Earth, to be used upon the Lands lying within the Limits of the said Forest, or for the Repairs of the Turnpike Roads and Public Highways, and Private Roads and Paths within the said Forest, and to and for such other Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioners shall by their final Award direct or appoint, but the same shall not be sold or conveyed out of the said

Watering Places Forest on any Account whatsoever; and also to set out Watering Places on the said Forest for Cattle and Beads, for the common Use and Benefit of all Persons occupying Lands within the Limits of the said Forest.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to fell or convey or cause to be sold or conveyed out of the Limits of the said Forest, any Stone, Gravel, Sand, Marl, Clay or other Materials, that may be found or raised upon the said Allotments, hereinbefore directed to be set out for the common Use of the said Forest as aforesaid; and that if any Person shall fell or conveyor cause to be sold or conveyed, out of the Limits of the said Forest, any Stones, Gravel, Sand, Marl, Clay or other Materials, that may be found or raised upon the said Allotments hereinbefore directed to be set out for the common Use of the said Forest as aforesaid, any Justice of the Peace for the County in which the same shall be situate, upon due Proof thereof made before him upon Oath (which Oath any such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) shall and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money, not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person offending in the Premiies, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold* after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Monies so to be levied by way of Penalty as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges of executing this Act.

Power to set out

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out and appoint uew, .Vc. Roads, any new and adJitional Public Roads, or any new and additional Tracts and Ways for such new Roads, or any and stoplRo!ids! newn a°d over the said Forest; and to flop, discontinue or divert and turn, or abate and Hop up any

ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footways or Paths, iu, through, upon or over the said Forest, and to make such Order or Orders as to them shall seem proper for that Purpose; subject nevertheless to the Restrictions, Provisions and Directions of this Act; Provided always, that no Turnpike

Road

Other Notices how given.

Allotments for Repairs of Roads, flee.

for Cattle let out.

No Marl, &c. carried out of forest.

[Penalty.]

A.D. 1815. J56 GEORGII III. C. 138. 38,

Road shall be altered or diverted without the Consent of the Trustees having the Care and Management

thereof, or any Five or more of them; or any Public Highway or Road be (hut up or discontinued until the

Roads so marked out as intended to be and remain Public Highways, shall be set out and made according ta

the Directions of this Act, and until the same shall be properly formed and made convenient and safe for

Horses, Cattle and Carriages: Provided also, that all Private Roads, Ways and Footpaths which shall be set

out and appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be made and for ever maintained and kept in Repair by such Persons and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall, by their Award, or by any other Writing under their

Hands order, direct or appoint: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained mall extend or be construed No Person liable

to extend to subject or make liable, nor shall His Majesty, or the Free Suitors of the said Forest or their Te-

nants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, be liable or be deemed to be liable to any Rate or Assess- wards^iepairln^"

ment, or to any Statute Duty, for or towards the making, maintaining or repairing any of the Public Roads public Roads,

now made, or which may be made or marked out, in, over or across the said Forest; save and except the across Forest.

Bridle Roads, Occupation Ways and Footpaths herein after mentioned; anything in any Act or Acts of except Bridle

Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. Roads, &c.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby also empowered to Bridle Roads, set out and appoint such Bridle Roads, Occupation Ways and Footpaths, in, over, through and across the said fcc.made. Forest, as they shall think requisite and proper; and shall by their said Award direct and appoint by whom,

in what manner, at what time, and in what Proportions, the fame respectively shall be maintained and kept in*Repair, and to and for whose Use, Convenience or Benefit the same shall severally be set out and appointed; and no Person or Persons whomsoever (other than the Person or Persons to or for whose Use, Convenience or Benefit the same shall be so set out and appointed) shall have or be entitled to any Right, Title or Pretence whatsoever to call for or insist upon the making, forming or repairing such Bridle Roads, Occupation Ways or Footpaths, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when the Survey of the said Forest shall have been made and deli- Allotment t# vered to the said Commissioners, and the Boundaries thereof shall have been duly settled, and when, pursuant The Kin; , to the Powers hereinbefore contained, the several Pieces of Ground for Roads, Highways, Bridle Roads,

Footpaths, Watering Places for Cattle, and Places for getting Materials for the Repair of Roads and other Purposes, shall have been set out, the said Commissioners shall as soon as may be proceed to value the Whole of the said Forest; and when and so soon as such Valuation shall have been made, the said Commissioneri shall set out and allot, in Severalty, unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, fi* much and such Part or Parts of the said Forest (Quantity, Quality and Situation considered) as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to Twelve Twenty second Parts of the Whole of the said Forest which shall remain after making such Allotments as aforesaid, which Allotment for His Majestr shall be set out as near to the Centre of the said Forest as conveniently may be; and so soon as the same shall be fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, such Allotment shall become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged of and from all Right of Common, of Padure, of Turbary, Common of Edovers, and all other Rights of what nature and kind soever, of all and singular the Free Suitors and other Owners and Occupiers of Manors, Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, who at the time of the passing of this Act were entitled to any such Rights thereon, or of any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and Allotment in required, in the next Place, to set out, allot and award, unto and for the said Sir Thomas Dyke Aclandy or the lieu of Tithes. Person or Persons entitled thereto, such Part or Parts of the Residue or Remainder of the said Forest, as in

the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value (Quantity and Quality considered) to One eighth Part of the Whole of the said Forest, for and in lieu of all Tithes yearly arising, issuing and payable out of all and every the Lands and Grounds within the said Forest; and such Allotment so to be let out, allotted and awarded for such Tithes as aforesaid, shall be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and from all such Tithes, Dues and Payments whatsoever issuing, arising and renewing from and out of the Whole of the said Forest; which said Allotment in lieu of Tithes shall be set out as nearly contiguous to any other Property of the said Sir Thomas Dyke Acland as circumstances will permit.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have set out the Award of His Allotment hereinbefore directed to be made and set out to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, they shall Majesty's Al-prepare an Award, with a Map or Plan annexed thereto, whereof there shall be Three Originals, one to be loten* i, rolle<i tnrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, a" d^office of there to remain on Record, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office Auditor of Land of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being; such Award, or the Inrol- Revenue, ment thereof, to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occasions where any Question, Doubt or Controversy shall or may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors, in respect of any Allotment veiled in The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act; and the Third of the said Awards shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the said Allotment to His Majesty shall be situate; and in case the said Allotment shall be situate in both the said Counties of Somerset and Devon, then with the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the greatest Proportion of such Allotment to His Majesty shall be situate.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby directed and re- Allotments 1* quired to set out, allot and award unto, for and amongst the said Henry George Earl of Carnarvon, Sir Thomas Frce Suitors, Dyke Acland, John Palmer Ch\chejlery Thomas Thornton, William Moggridge S til well, and the several other Ci Persons being Owners or Proprietors of the aforesaid Estates, situate, lying and being in the aforesaid Parishes

3 D 2 of

Artotiuwitj of Refhtae of

46 G/3. c. 65.

Owner* of Free Suits entitled to Sbsreof Rrikiue in remain cases.

Proprietors to produce Accounts of Land! and Grounds in respect whereof they claim to he entitled to Rights of Common, &c.

Power for Commissioners to call for Property Tsi Assessment

C.J38. GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

of Hawkridge and Withy Poole respectively, to which Estates Free Suits are attached, such Parts and Parcels of the find Forest (after the Allotments hereinbefore directed are set out and made, and with due regard to the Allotments next herein after directed to be made) as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality and Situation considered) shall be equal in Value to the respective Rights and Interests which such Owners or Proprietors, or their respective Tenants or Occupiers for the time being of the said Estates, have respectively had and are entitled to exererfe in and upon the said Forest, according to the Preferments thereof annually made at the Court of Swainmote holden within and for the said Forest.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required (after the making such Allotments as hereinbefore mentioned! to divide, set out, allot and award all the Residue and Remainder of the said Forest, unto and amongst the several Persons who now are or shall be entitled thereto, in Right or in respect of their old inclosed Tenements, situate, lying and being in the several Parishes and Places aforesaid, the Owners or Occupiers whereof have been accustomed or ought to pay Quit or Chief Rents to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, or who owe Suit and Service at the Swainmote Courts within the said Forest, and who have usually and of Right been accustomed to pay any less Toll than Five penct per Head for depasturing their Sheep on the said Forest, in Proportion and according to the annual Value of such old inclosed Tenements respectively; such Value to be estimated and ascertained by or according to the hft Assessment made under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of Apnl next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Profejpons, Trades and Offices; and

ftrr repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties prior to the passing of this Act, within and for the Parish or Place in which such old inclosed Tenements shall respectively be situate, they the said Commissioners having regard, in setting out, allotting and awarding the fame several Allotments, to the Quality, Situation and Conveniency thereof respectively.

XXVI. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to prevent any Owner of any Estate to which such Free Suit as aforesaid is attached, from having a proportionable Allotment in respect of such Estate, with other Persons entitled to Allotments of the Residue of the said Forest, in case such Owner shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Owner is entitled to Stock or Departure on the said Forest, at a less Toll than Five pence per Head, any greater Number of Sheep than he is entitled to in respect of his Free Suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, claiming Rights of Pasturage, Agistment or Commonage, or other Rights, in and upon the said Forest, to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, at the time of their delivering in their respective Claims to the said Commissioners as directed by the said recited ACfc, shall produce and deliver to the said Commissioners a minute and exact Account of all and singular the Messuages, Lands and Grounds hi respect whereof such Claims are or may be made, with the Names of all and every the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, distinguishing such of the Premises as are of Freehold Tenure, from such as are of Copyhold, Customary or Leasehold Tenure, and of what particular Manors or Lordships or Persons the said Copyhold, Customary or Leasehold Tenements are or may be severally and respectively holden $ and every Person or Body so claiming shall produce the last Assessment to the Property Tax under Schedule (A.) made upon the Property in respect of which the Claim is made; and the said Commissioners shall, on the producing and delivering such minute Account as aforesaid, esquire, on the Oath as well of the Person or Persons producing and delivering the fame, as of such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit ( which Oath respectively the Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of all and every such Accounts; and in all cases where the said Commissioners shall not be satisfied that such Account is correct, they the said Commissioners shall cause their Surveyor or Surveyors to ascertain the Authenticity and Accuracy thereof, together with the Assessment to the Tax thereon; and the Expence of making such Enquiries by the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall, in all cases in which it shall upon any such Enquiry appear that such Account was wilfully inaccurate, and that therefore such nevr Investigation was necessary, be borne and defrayed by the Person or Persons claiming Rights of Pasturage, Agistment or Commonage, or other Rights, in and upon the said Forest, in respect of the Messuaget, Lands and Grounds, in relation to which such inaccurate Account shall have been first delivered; and in case of his, her or their Refusal to pay such Expences at the Time and Place appointed by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be raised, levied and recovered it* the manner in which Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be recovered by the said recited A6L

XXVIII. And be it further enradted, That, in order the better to enable the said Commissioners to form a correct and accurate Judgment of the Amount of the Rental or Value of such several and respective MefTnages, Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons who shall act as their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this afnd the said first recited Act, may, and he and they are and is hereby1 authorized and empowered from time to time, as they may think necessary or expedient, to cause any of the Assessments or Books of Assessment of the aforesaid Tax, commonly called the Property Tax or Income Tax, so faT as the same relate or refer to, or in any wise concern the Statement of Property having Rights of Pasturage or other Rights on the said Forest, and the Rental or Valuation by which such Assessments are made, mentioned and deferihed, within any Parish, Township or Place in which such Estates so haring Rights of Pasturage and other Rights on the said Forest are situate, to be brought before them, and to take

16 Copies

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

Copies of <* Bttraftl from such Assessiftewfd of bdoktt of Assessment, or ant Part or Parts thereof, a# they the said Commissionefi, or their Clerk or Clerks, or a fry of them, thaH thiirfc fit smd ntecfhty for the Por-pefas of this Act; and such Compensation shall he made to the Clerks or Persons hating the Care or Cotosy of the Assessments of the said Property Tax or Income Tat, by the said Conmriftonets, out of the Money arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, as the said Commissionm or their Clerk or Clerks fttettt think rea-fooable: And if any Person or Persons, in whole Care or Custody any of the fad Assessment or Books (trail be, shall neglect or refafe (after Ten Days' Notice for that Purposel to attend the said Commissroners or them Clerk or Clerks with such Assessments or Books, or to permit them, or any of them, to take Copes thereof, or Extracts therefrom as aforesaid* then and ut every loch case, every Person who shall so neglect or refafe shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as other Penalties are by this or the said recited Act directed to be recovered and applied.

1 XXIX. And Whereas it may fh often the Bottndary Pences between the said Forest herely directed to he c divided and mciofed, and the Lands hr any adjoining Manor, Parish, Township or Place, if the said Coflf-

iraffioners were empowered to caofe such Fences to be raised in such Dhreftion as they shall deem most tweper

and convenient for shortening and making the same regular Be it therefore further enacted, That it mall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent m Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors -in which the Lands are fitusrte, or the major Part in Value of Land Owners in any Parish or Township adjoining to the said Forest (futfh Value to be ascertained by the Land Tat Assess-»ent of any such Parish, ToWnflrip or Place) and mnder the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of the Lands upon which such Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to set out, ascertain and determine tire Boundary Fences to be made between the said Fore ft hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and the Lands lying in any such adjoining Parish, TovVnfttip or Place, as they shall judge proper for the Porpofca aforesaid; and after ftrch Boundaries shall be so set out, afceVtaraed and determined, the fame, shall be iadofed and fenced by such Person or Persons, in such manner, and at such time or times, as the said Gommiflfcjfjers shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Forest and such adjoining Manor, Parish, Township or Place respectively $ any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstandinr.

XXX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Pofitia, Corporate or Cofiegrate, interested in the ascertaining of the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of any Manor, Parish, Township or Place adjoining thereto, shall be dissatisfied with the Determinations of the said. Commissioners or Umpire, made in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act or of this Act, re-, spefting such Boundaries or any of them, and shall be desirous of having the Boundaries affected by fttfc Determmutfons tried at Law, and shall, by themfeltes or their respective Agents or Attornies, within Tbrc* Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall have been mods and published by them, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of such his, her or their Qfcjs&feo to* the said Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, and of such Desire to have the fame. Boundaries settled by Trial at Law, then and in every such case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, immediately on Receipt of such Notice as aforesaid, or as soon afterwards as cenvenicotiy may be, to give Notice to One or more of the Party or Patties interested therein, who (halt in lift upon thw' Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, or to the respective Agents or Attornies of fad* Person or Persons, by Writing under the Hands of them the said Commissioners, to be delivered to os left at the, ufiai PtaMof Abode of such Party or Parties, Agents or Attornies respectively; and it shall and may ba lawful So and for the Person or Persons giving such Notice to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, o# his or thdk; Heirt> Suecdfors or Affigos, after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the time o( fnclr Notice befnggWen to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to proceed to a Trial at Law for the ascertain-fag of foehjfcOtuidaries so objected to as aforesaid, at the First or Second Assizes to be holdeu for the County m which the Boundaries so obiefted to shall be situate, next after the giving of such Notice to the said Commissioners, in an Action or Actions for'that Purpose, to be commenced in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> by the Person or Persons giving such Notice to the said Commissioners a*-aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successora or Assigns, against any such Person or Persons interested therein, who shall insist on the Boundaries so determined by the, said Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhaB fie Common Bail, or appear to and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby all such Boundaries may properly tried and determined (such I flue or Issues, if the Parties differ about the fame, to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be commenced); and the Jury or Juries who shall try such Issue or Issues shall find the Boundary or Boundaries of the said Forest, or of all or any; of the Manors, Parishes, Township, Hamlets or Districts so in dispute, and the fame shall. under the Direction of the Judge who shall try the said Issue or Issues, be indorsed specially on the Foftea, in case the feme shall be thought necessary for ascertaining such Boundaries; and the Verdict or Verdicts which fhatf be given in any such Action or Actions shall be final and conclusive to every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate whomsoever, unfefs the Court wherein such Action or Actions fltafl be brought, shall set aside the Verdict or Verdicts so to be given as aforesaid, and order a new Trial or Triads to be bad therein (which it shall be lawful for the said Court to do, and also upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Issue, or to change the Venue, as is usual in other cases); and after any Verdict ot Verdicts shall have been obtained and not set aside by the Court as aforesaid, the said Commit; , fiooers shall and they are hereby authorized and required to conform to such Verdict or Verdicts \ any

tiling

[Penalty.]

Boundary

Feft<*S

ftottenecT.

I V vjwO; Parffc* dtotff- tied withBouW-ariea as set out, may try Rights at Law.

Commor. Bail.

V 1 i

i uri'*' v aj; J

Costs to Defendants.

Claims of Rights delivered to

Commissioners. 410.3. (U.K.) c. X09. §6.

Power for Commissioners to settle Disputes.

Commissioners not to determine Titles to Estates.

Commissioners may assess Cods.

power to try Rights by an Issue at Law#

Common Ba'l.

C. 138. 5s° GEORGII III. A.Du^5.

thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall be, by the said Commissioners, re-imbursed all the Cods, Charges and Expences, which ne or they shall reasonably pay, expend or be put unto, in the Defence of such Action or Actions, by and out of the Money to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons having or claiming any Estate or Interest in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall, by themselves or their Agents, deliver their respective Claims in Writing to the said Commissioners, at a Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, in the manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; of which Meeting or Meetings Twenty one Days* Notice at the lead shall be1 given by the said Commissioners, expressing the Purpose of such Meeting or Meetings, in the man net* hereinbefore directed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties intereded in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Intereds which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Umpire, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the fame respectively.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Com-

milhoners or Umpire to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments whatsoever, but they shall assign and set out the several Allotments directed to be made, unto the Person or Persons having the actual Seisin of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in right or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made. v

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Objection to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said first recited Act or of this Act, fee cauie to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application maae to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess and award such Costs, as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be made, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Objection shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled, or against whom the said Commissionera (halt have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same upon Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whole Goods and Chattels shall have been fa distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be diSatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Chum or Objection which shall be delivered to the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or touching or concerning any Property, Right or Interest, intended to be affected by such Dew termination, and shall, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties interested, cause Notice in Writing of such Difsatisfaction to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the said Commissioners, and of the Party or Parties in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, it shall be lawful for such Person Or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the then next Assizes to be held for the County in which the Land shall be situate; and in case such Land shall be situate in both the said Counties of Sotnerfct and Devon, then for the County in which the greatest Proportion of such Land shall be situate, unless such Assizes shall happen Vithin Two Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, and then and in that case, at the Second Assizes to be held for the said County next after such Determination; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bbdies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination, cause an Action to be brought in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or I flues, whereby such Claim, and the Property, Right and Interest thereby infilled upon, may be tried and determined; such Issue or I flues to be fettkd by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action shall be binding, final and conclusive to every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the said Court to do in case the said Court shall think proper; and that'after such Verdict shall be obtained and not set aside by the said Court, the said Comnaf- sioners shall and they are required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallorw the Claim, Property, Right or Interest thereby determincdr according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always,

10 that

A.D. 1815.

55

GEORGII III.

C. 138. 391

that if no such Notice shall be given, or if any such Notice shall be given, and such Action at Law shall not be commenced as aforesaid, or if any such Ad'on shall be commenced, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not proceed to a Trial within the time hereinbefore limited for that Purpose, then the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided also, that if any of the Parties in any such Action to be commenced as aforesaid shall die before the Determination thereof, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened; and that no Difference, Suit or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference or Dispute touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners or Umpire in the Execution of this and the said recited Act; but the Division and Allotments hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in, notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit or Proceeding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Adieus might have been brought, if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, on receiving Notice of such Process from the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners (which Notice such Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby directed and required to give accordingly), to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein, in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions. t

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties, except in cases of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years; but in case the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they or he shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejedlment or other due Course of Law.

XXXVIII. Provided, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to authorize or empower the said Commissioners to consider the said Farm, called Simons Bath Farm> as forming any Part of the Lands to be divided, allotted or inclosed under or by virtue of this Act, or as comprised within any of the Powers or Authorities hereby to them given; but that the same shall be and remain veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, excluuve of and over and above any Allotment or Allotments which shall be set out or made unto or for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors under or by virtue of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, freed and discharged from all Tithes and all Rights of Common whatsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXLX. And be it further enacted, That the said Forest, and all the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, shall at all times for ever, after the said Allotment in lieu of Tithes shall be set out in manner aforesaid, be exonerated, exempt and freed from all Tithes both Great and Small, or of what nature or kind soever; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Inclosures to be made in the said Forest by virtue of this Act shall be made and set out in such manner as not to interrupt or impede the necessary Communications in, over and upon the said Forest.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That the several outermost or Ring Fences of the Lands so to be allotted to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, shall be made in such manner and at such time or times as the said Commissioners shall diredand appoint; and such outermost or Ring Fences shall be raised and made, and for ever thereafter maintained, supported and kept in repair, at the Expence. Coils and Charges of His laid Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that the several outermost or Ring Fences of the Lands so to be allotted to the said Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, or other Person or Persons entitled in lieu of Tithes as aforesaid, shall be likewise made in such manner and at such time or times as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint and such outermost or Ring Fences last mentioned shall be raised and made at the Expence, Coils and Charges of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors 5 but the same shall for ever thereafter be maintained* supported and kept in repair by the said Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, or by the Person or Persons entitled to such Allotment in lieu of Tithes as aforesaid; and all Fences to be made in pursuance of this Act, for dividing and inclosing the Residue of the said Forest, shall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter be repaired, maintained and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interested in such Residue, in such Parts, Shares and Proportions, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their final Award, direct and appoint; but no such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be compelled or compellable to fence his, her or their own Allotment or Allotments, or contribute to the fencing of any Allotment or Allotments belonging to any other Person or Persons, until the Owner or Owners of such last mentioned Allotment or Allotments shall have made and completed his, her or their Proportion of the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners or any Engineer to be by them employed, under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, shall find it impradicable to drain any of the Moss Pits or Turbaries on the said Forest, so as to make the fame sufficiently dry to be used as Arable or Pasture Land,

then

If no Action brought or UQt proceeded in Determination of Cortimissioners final.

Trial not to suspeod Execution of Pbwerx of Ad.

In case of Deaths of Parties before Actions brot ght, fame carried on and defended in their Names.

Persons in Possession not mo-leftad.

Simons Bath Farm not to be subject to Power of Commissioners, but to remain veiled in His Majesty, free from Tithes, Sec.

Forest for ever exempt from Tithes.

Inclosure not to impede usual Communications.

Allotments by whom and hoar fenced, and Fences afterwards kepi in Repair.

Moss Pits, incapable of drainage left

open of

etfoocbereto-fore-oGng Came,

TurfjMtmjbii awar after

Rsadiy.

After Allor-ments made Rights of Common and other Rights to cease.

Rights-ctfOom-

mon suspended or eztinguUbed before Jiateeu- iron of Award.

Owe* of Com* non Rights may have Allotments khl together.

Allotments de* Knotted on Fkn, and (beam to Proprietors.

ft* any Person fell his Common Right Allotment made to purchaser.

C^igiS. 55° GEORGII ' III, A.D. 1^15.

then and in fodh case it shall be lawful fur the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to leave such Moss Pits or Turbaries open and uninclosed, to be held and enjoyed by such Person or Persons as, before the passing of this Act, have of Right held, used and enjoyed the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after the passing of this Act, shall get, remove or take away any Fern, Heath, Gorse or other Article of the like Nature or Quality, from or off any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or Avail cut, dig, get or take away any of the Turf or Soil of the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, for any U£r or Purpose whatsoever or under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever pother than and except any Person or Persons who may get any Turves out of any of the Moss Pits or Turbancs which shall or may be left open and uuinclosed by the said Commissioners as hereinbefore mentioned ), upon due Proof made before the said Commissioners on Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer), the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and (Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid, shall be applied towards the Payment of the Costs, Charges and Expences of executing this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after all the Allotments to be made and set out in pursuance of this Act shall by Order of the said Commissioners be marked and set out, all the several Shares or Allotments to be set out as aforesaid shall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu of, and in full Compeofa-fation, Satisfaction and Discharge of and from all Tithes, Rights of Common and all other Rights whatsoever, which the said Proprietors or any of them could or might nave had or been entitled to, in, over and upon the said Forest and other the said Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and from that time, all Tithes, Rights of Common, and all other Rights whatsoever, in or upon the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, shall cease, and be for ever annulled, abolished and extingiuffied.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionerg, at anytime before the Execution of their said final Award, by Notice by Advertrfemeot in one or more of the Newspapers usually circulated in that Part of the said Counties of Somerset and Devon where the said Forest lies, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Commons, in, over or upon the said Forest, and other the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof suspended for and during such time or times as shall be expressed in such Notice; and all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Notice order and diretk to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the time mentioned in such Notice, cease, determine and be extinguished, and the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the several Owners of ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be desirous that their respective Shares in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, in respect of their Common Rights or other Rights belonging to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, ffield be allotted together in one or more Parcel or Parcels, and shall express their Desire in Writing to the said Commissioners, at such time as the said Commissioners shall limit and appoint, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out the several Parcels of Land to be allotted to such several Persons in one Allotment, and such Allotment shall be used and enjoyed by the several Proprietors thereof, in such manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in that behalf direct and appoint in and by their said final Award.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon a9 the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights of the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Persons respectively in lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice by Advertisement in one or more of the Public Newspapers usually circulated in that Part of the said Counties of Somerset and Devon in which the said Forest lies, of the Day or Days and Place, where all Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended A Dot meets, and inspect the Map or Plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, so far as the fame relates to each Person respectively; and as some Persons may, upon Peruffil of the said Schedule and Inspection of such Map or Plan, be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give or cause to be given Notice of One Meeting at least, to be held by them for hearing Complaints and Objections against such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining all such Objections; and their "Determination in the Premises, as to the Quantity, Quality and Situation, shall be binding, final and coudufive upon all Parties.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person hath fold, or shall at any tinae before the Execution of the final Award of the said Commissioners, fell his or her Right, Interest and Rror perty in, to, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the said Convmiffiouecf, and they are hereby authorized and required, on Application made to them for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hands of the contracting Parties, to make any Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in eveny inch Sale, or to hie or her Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of such Right, Interest and Property io sold as aforesaid 5- and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from and after

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

Cl 33. 393

the Execution of their final Award* bold and eojor the Land h to be allotted to Mm, her or them at afore-

bid, in the same manner at the Vendor in every such Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the Cause, in calc such Salt had not been made, or such Right, loterest or Property, had been veiled in such Vendor at the time of making such Allotments as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it ball he lawful for the Chmmk&onera for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Foresta and Land Revenues, by and with the Approbation and Consent of the Lords Commimoners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, on behalf of His Majesty, and they are hereby empowered, to agree with and to purchase, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Socceflor*, from any Perfect or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments of Land under or by wtae of this Act, all or any Part or Parts of their respective Allotments to be made to them under

4k act,

L. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Heredkaments which shall be Allotted under or by virtue of this Act, shall be held by the fame Tenures, and under the fame Rents, Customs and Services, as the Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, were respectively held before the passing of this Act, or would have been held in case this Act had not been patted.

LL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments, which shall be allotted or exchanged under or by virtue of this A A, ball hold their rofpedWe Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures or for different Estates, or under different Titles, the Uid CoflMKiiifiouers ball, upon the Request of such respective Proprietors in Writing under their Hands, arfeer-|ata a&4 distinguib the Lands or other Hereditaments held by or under such respective Tenures, Estates or Titles, and shall accordingly in their said Award set out and distinguib distinct and several Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments.

LII. And be it further enacted, That after the final Award of the said Commissioners shall be made mid executed, all and every the Lands and Grounds lying and being within the Boundaries of the said Forest, as well those already inclosed as those intended to be inclosed under the Authority of this Act, ball be atfd the lame are hereby difofforested, and shall be and continue exonerated and discharged for ever thereafter front all Forest*] Rights, Jurisdictions and Authorities whatsoever (if any such remain) and from all Forestal Rents, Customs and Services which His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Persons, coidd otherwise claim therein.

UIL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said CovnmHfioners to set out, allot and award any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the said kForest, or within any Parib or Place adjoining thereto, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Forest, wkhfn any adjoining Parib, Towabip or Place, provided that all such Exchanges shall be ascertainee, and declared in the final Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of tfe'or Proprietors of the Prexntfes which shall be so exchanged, whether such Proprietor or Proprietors Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or a Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or-for Tears dele reusable on any Life or Lives, with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessora, but not otherwise, or the Confeut of the Guardians, Trustaes or Feoffees for Charitable, Parochial or other Uses, .Hubands, or Attovnaos. of or acting for any such Proprietor or Proprietors who at the time of making fudh ^Pachaagct shall be respectinrely lafapts. Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics, or under any other [ty, or who shall be Jreyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself or her-mfent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Colander the Hands of the other cos (eating Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange jff* fp to be made shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes what* rovided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tene-9f Hffedkuasenas, held in right of any Gbuiwh, Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the ^yrifrfigd as aforesaid of the Lord Bxbop of the Diocese in which such Messuages, Buildings, Lauds, i aa4tHf»ditanieBt8 Audi be situate, and of the Patron of such Church, Chapel, or other Ecdeii-

Commtfflonerf

of His Majesty* Woods, &c. empowered 10 pne-ciufe Lands.

Allotments of (sms Temurs.

Separate Allotments made for Eft ate* held by different To*

baforested.

lots* bo

1 always, and be it further enacted, That all Co As, Charges and Expences attending the j.and completing of any|Exchanges and Partitions to be made under or by virtue of the said first recited 4a*«iffosAA or either of them, bell be paid, borne and defrayed by the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Cu^oratf of Collegiate, for whose Benefit such Exchanges or Partitions bast be made, in such manner and in fibula JPqMportioBS as the Aid Commifimners ball, by their-'-final Award, order and direct.

And be it farther ooa&ed, That all and every Lease and Leafs, at Rack or extended Rent now4ni> fit hmds or TeoeuieBU.httving Rights withio the said Forest, Kuril, as far as such Lease

gcrcopom amy AUotoacat or Allotments to bosaade of any Part of the said Forest, or Right or Rights of Common therein, in respect of such Messuages, Lands or Tenements comprised in such Lease or fomiotandiane hereby declared to be noil and void-as*efu<b and Albtment

aodAdlvtaaenta AbR be nndeaodassigntd unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the 04 Tmmth LdBee or Leffres, and fooh AUotonest and AEotmeBtashall be. freednddifch*rg$d of 9^d'fowfldl^ightod Idteveft fwbkhinay or otherwke night be chrivied in or to the fame by virtue iff fudh .mid the P«ricm erPbrfonofto whom she Messuages, Lands or Tenements comprised in fu^h Lealie or, ^as Luadtaodor Laadlovds, ball make fushGothpensation, by-way. of Retainer

Aboaynwiit of Rent or otherwise) to the Person or Fetfons entitled to; the fame, upder such Lease foiAfioeiiriheew Aolkihy Wtfti^ ubder. thrir Hiadt, for the Right of Common

m 55 Gm» IlL jfi or

Provipx

r, T Expence of Exchange*, &c. by whom paid.

Lease* at Rack

Rent void as to Allotments of Common.

Neglectfng to nuke Compensation, &c.

tlemaMiot ;aff&U4 uO'

For what time Sleep, &c; not kept in new Inclyfuiei, &c.

Stfisfa&ioii made for unequal Share* of Boundary Fences.

Proirifo. % i

ComKiHfiorefs may make Alterations in Allotments, and in Private Road*, if they think proper; but ribt in His Majesty's Allotment.

Expences of

AB paid by His Majesty.

What Erpences paid by Pro* frtaors*

' 55° GEORGII Hi. AiBi i«ir.

or Hthor HSrfite df foterefts^in* onedr or upon the said Fareft or any Pact tfcerSof* appendant>or 1 appOrtedadt tofoth Messuages, LandsorTefo'rnrots, and which shall beextfoguHbed bytfaifi Act: And'if any Ferfoa Ojp JPerfotis shallrofofc.Or Wgleft to make any such annual or other Compenfadun to the Pferson <or Person* entitled thereto, within? Twenty ohe Days next after Demand maderthei^f, then, and kifush case it fbsdl fats lawful fop the said Costtmissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required* to raise and levy the same foe* the tUfe and 1 ^etiqfit of the Person. or Berfbnt entitled thereto, by such ways and means as any Penalties of Forfeitures are directed by this or the said recited Act to be raised or levied. "> /v h^u.y^A

LVL. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extending be, construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter or annul any Will, Settlement or Surrender, or to prejudice any Person or Persons hating any Right'or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, Rent or Incumbrance; out of, upon or affecting any Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the said Forest* or enrf adjoining Manor, Parish, Township or Place, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of the said'fire recited Act pr this Act; but that each and every Proprietor shall stand and be seized of the Premisetf to*' bG allotted to or given in exchange to him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and thh fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Deeds, Settlements, Debts, Charges, Rents abdln-cumbrances (Right of Common and Common of Pasturage as aforesaid, and such other Exceptions and Bro-visions as are herein made, only excepted, and no other), as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or HerediUS ments whereof such Proprietor or Proprietors was or were seized or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the final Award of the said Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments OF Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with or affected by, in case this Act had not; beeo parted. gcgnold

X LVIL And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any of the new Inclosures toM made by, virtue of this Act, during the Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the said final Award, uirtefs the same shall be properly fenced, or the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall and-doj at his, hey fair their own Expence, fence or guard his, her or their Neighbour's Quicksets (if any such there shall be) adjoining the Inclosures wherein such Sheep or Lambs shall be kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quicksets by such Sheep or Lambs; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Fsrfont 10 tgrn or put, or cause to be turned or put any Sheep, Lambs, Horses, Asses or other Beads or ©attlej into any of the Ways, Lanes or Roads, on either Side of which any new planted Fence shall be grouting*

ILVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if owing to the Situation or other Circumstancet df any Allotment or Allotments, it shall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall not hfcvG a proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge reasonable, to ascertain and appoint any Sum or Sums of Money, to be contributed and paid by such Proprietor or Propietors, towards the Expence of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors wiio may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the (Mil Boundary Fencing may be brought as near as maybe to a just and equal Proportion (regard being had to the necessary Subdivision Fences within the respective Allotments); and the Money so to be ascertained and applfed shall be levied and recovered in such and the same manner as the Charges and Expences of executing toy Act of Inclosure are by the said first recited Act directed to be levied and recovered: Provided, that no f«cH Stufi or Sums of Money so to be contributed and paid as aforesaid, shall be actually levied until the Fences, in i<itfpeft whereof such Contribution is directed to be made, shall be put up and completed to the Satisfaction of the (hid Commissioners.

r LljC Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any time before the Exe&rt^ou of their final Award, to make any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may hate fee out and Ordered, or in any Private Roads laid or to be laid over or to such Allotments, that they shall thifik Tight toil expedient: Provided, that no Alteration shall be made in any thing directed by the said first A ward relating to the Allotment or Allotments to be made to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, without the Confer* in Wrltv fog of tho Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Wood*, Forests and Land Revenues, first had and obtained: And in case any Person or Persons shall be injured by such Alteration* on AcdOunt of any Expence* he, she or they, may have been at, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and determine1 what ReconW pence (hsdl be made to him, her or them, and shall dibeft by whom and in what manner such; Recommence shall be made. D arfj. 4

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and atttodiftgthe^b^ taming and passing of this Act, of Perambulation, of first surveying and valuing the fold Fdrtft, tod of setting out the Allotments by this Act directed to be made and set out to and for His M^fty; hie Heirs and Successors, and to and for the said Sir Thomas Dyir Acland> or other Owner or Owners of the Tithes as-ufdre-said y and of makiBg and forolling the said first Award, shall be paid and borte by Hie*laid Majesty, hifc Heirs and Successors, ant of any Money which is or shall be in the Hands of the said Christmffioners of Hfe Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.'*»

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all other the Costs, Charges and Expences of carrying this Act ifcttk Execution, and of dividing, fcibdividfog and allotting the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, unto andamongit the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands having Rights oil the said Forest, shall be borne and defrayed by such Owners or Proprietors respecti vely, in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, Manner and Places, as the mid Commissioners^ either before or aftei4 - the Execution of their said final Award, shall order, direct of appoint, by any Rate or Ratee to be made by" the said Commissioners for that Purpose slave and except The*Kang's Most Excellent Majesty's o respect-Of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to Him by virtue of this Act, and lave and except the said Sir Thomas, XO Djii

55° GEORGII IH. G.rjfi $95

ia vtofpcfi of the Allothient or AHatirients to be made in Ken of iStitf# of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, in respect of such Allotment or Allotments), and the Determination of the Taid Commffonerain the Premises shall be final and conclusive; and in cfcfe any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her or their Share or Proportion of such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, within the time and in the manner appointed by the said Commissioners, then and in such case the said Commissioners faalLcause the fame tobeiWed, levied and recovered in the manner prescribed and dire Ac d by the said fir#; recited Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on Application being Pnrtr tn nut made to them in Writing by any of the Husband9, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies, of or for any cap «r Alt of the said Proprietors or Persons interested in the Premises, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics or AlWwsnts-beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or by the Persons acting as such Guardians,

Trustees, Committees or Attornies respectively, or by any of the Proprietors of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, who are or shall be Tenant or Tenants in Tail, or for any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, to mortgage or fell, either before or after the making the said Award, Part of the Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, to such incapacitated Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, by whom or in whose behalf any such Application shall be made as aforesaid, for the Purpose of raising a Sum of Money sufficient to defray the respective Shares and Proportions of the Costs, Charges and Expences of executing the said first recited Act and this Act, which shall be charged upon or payable by such incapacitated Proprietors or other Person or Persons respectively, and of fencing and mdofing and subdividing his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, and of making and completing such Mortgage or Sale; and such Mortgage or Sale shall be made by the said Commissioners in such and the like manner, and subject to such and the like Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned and prescribed in and by the said first recited Act, in respect to the Sale of any Lands authorized to be sold for paying the Expences cSf obtaining and carrying into Execution any Act for dividing, alloting and inclosing any Lands and Grounds 5 and each and every Allotment, for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid, shall be conveyed by the said J

Commissioners, at the Expence of such Purchaser or Purchasers, unto such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her or their Heirs respectively, or as he, she or they shall appoint, and shall be inclosed and held by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively in Severalty, and the Receipt of the said Commissioners shall be a good*J

and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the said Purchase Money, which shall be applied by the said Commissioners in or towards defraying such' last mentioned Costs, Charges and Expences; and

if any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Commissioners, the same shall be applied and disposed of

by them in the manner directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to Money which is thereby directed to be paid into the Dank of England for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as therein mentioned: Provided always, Prwfa that it shall not be lawful to raise by such Mortgage or Sale any further or greater Sum of Money than the Person or Persons, Part of whose Allotment or Allotments shall be mortgaged or sold as aforesaid, would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, reckoning Five Pounds for each and every Acre thereof, under or by virtue of the said first recited Act: Provided always, Provifa. that in all cases where any Lands shall be sold for Payment of Expences as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Proprietor or Person whose Lands shall be so fold, to charge the Residue of his or her Allotment, by virtue of the said first recited Act or this Act, with any Money towards Payment of such Expences.

LX 111. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, after having finished and completed Finsl Ajf*id*»such Subdivision and Allotment of the said Forest as aforesaid, draw up or cause to be drawn up their final 1

Award, and the fame, when inrolled in manner directed by the said first recited Act, shall be deposited and left with the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Somerset and Devon, where the same shall and may be \

inspected and perused at all seasonable times in the Day-time, for ever thereafter, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, paying the Sum of One Shilling and no more, to the said Clerks of the Peace respectively, or their Fe*.

Deputies, for every such Inspection and Perusal; and Two Copies of such Award shall be inrolled, one of them in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the other of them in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Re- '

venue, there to remain, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; such Award, or the Inrolment thereof, to be produced and read in Evidence on all Occasion9 where any Dispute, Doubt or Controvert may arise,

relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respect of any' y Allotment veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Accounts eta-Ad (such Year to be computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioners mall and they are hereby j0* required to make a true and just Statement or Account of any Sums of Money, by them or either of them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act 5 nuiHy. and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be laid before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Somerset9 not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be by them examined and balanced at a Public Meeting (whereof Twenty one Days*

Notice shall be given in the Taunton Journal and Woolmer's Newspaper), the said Justices being hereby authorized to take or call such Aid and Assistance in such Examination a9 they shall think fit, and to charge the incidental Expences; and the Balance shall be by the said Justices dated in the Books of Account, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Ac-..... 3 E 2 counts

Money advanced repaid with Iuttieft.

Appeal.

Notion.

Did rest.

Final.

Certiorari.

Costs.

Commissioners of Woods,c. empowered to fell The King'a Allotment.

jeO.3. c. 6, j.

'Fstehafirs to bave Certificates, &c. Tor Parch..ie Money; Certi-eates ro he inrolled In Offwte of Auditor of L*nd Revenue,C.

Scamp Duty.

55° GEORGII III.

counts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid hi the Law, unkf* allowed by the said ^ufticcju of ttt

Tegcj? as aforesaid..f.u - ., Tr

LXV. And be it' former enabled, That if any Person or Persons wbcunsoever shall, advance and pey asy

stoney towards the Expences hereinbefore directed to behorqe or defrayed by the Owners or Proprietors of rfnds haying Right on the said Forest, of carrying this Act into Iixecutioa, the Money so advanced and paid act be repaid and satisfied to him, her or them, by the Direction of the said CommiflipBers, together with lawful Interest for the lame, from the time of the Advancement thereof. r

_ LXVJ. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall think himself, herself or themseves, aggrieved by any thing done or omitted to be done hr gurfuance of the said recited Act or of this Act (other than and except as to the said Claim* Matters and Things which shall be ascertained, settled, tried or determined by the Verdict of a Jury under the Power and Aptjhority hereinbefore contained, or where, by any of the Provisions or Clauses of the said first recited Act or this Act, the Determinations, Orders, Acts or Proceedings of the said Commissioners or Umpire are declared or (Urtfted to be final and conclusive), then and in every such case, "he, she or they may appeal to the Justice* at the Qefier^l Quarter Sessiona of the Peace which shall be held fqr the said County of Somerset or Devon, as the case qjfiy within Three Calendar Months next after the cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners or either of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Twenty one Days' Notice in Writing of such Appeal and of the Matters thereof 5 and the Justices not interested in the Premises, in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to ihjfke such Order and award such Coils and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem resonable, and oy their Order or Warrant to levy the Coils and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Dill refs and SaU cjTthe Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) UjboA Demand, to the Owner or Owners 01 such Goods and Chattels, after dedlifting the reasonable Charges oj such Warrant, Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices (li ill be final and coaclttlive* on alt Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable, by Certiorari or any otli r Writ or procefn ^hatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious or without sufficient Foundation, then the

£Jirftices shall award such Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to the said Justices shall re* Coo able, and to be levied in manner aforesaid.

LXVII. And Whereas it may be expedient that such Allotment or Allotments of Land as shall be made«or set out, unto or for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of this Act, or some Part or Parts thereof, should be sold or disposed of, and that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Foresta*nd Land Revenues for the time being, should be empowered to make such Sales; Be ii ther fore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues (or the time being, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the tithe being, or any Three or more of them, to contract and agree for the Sale of, andablo-: lutely £© make dale and dispose of, all such Part or Parts of the said Fortft as shall be set out or allotted unto His Majesty* his Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities herein contained, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and of all His Majesty's Rights and Interests in and to the fames and of all the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of, in and to all Mines.of Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and other Minerals whatsoever, in or under the said Forest or any Part thereof, hereby reserved to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and of all Powers of fenrehing for, work*> ing, .digging* raising and carrying away such Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and other Minerals for the bed Prices or Conuderations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall be.able to procure for the fame; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall of-m^y arise or be produced from such la ft mentioned Sale or Sales shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account directed by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of The drown, and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forcjls, Parks and Chafes, to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled "The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being the Woods and* Forests Fund, " and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like i Purposes, as the other Monies by such last mentioned Act directed or authorized to be paid in, earned over or placed to the fame Account, are thereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall have contrafted with any Person or Person?! Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any of the said Lands, Hereditaments, Rights or Interests, hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall grant to the Purchaser or respective Purebafjers thereof a Certificate under their Htuids, describing the Premises so agreed to be sold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, and which shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England within Thirty One Days after the Date of such Certificate; and the C'aihi^rs of the Bank or one of them shall* upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein men-t: oned, and carry the same to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate at knowledge the Receipt of the fame without Fee or Reward; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be accordu, g to the Form contained in Schedule (A.) to this Act, or as near thereto as the circumstances of the case will admit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within One Calendar Month after the Date of such Certificate, be taken to the Office of the

11 Auditor

A.D. 18;

55° GEORGII III.

C. 138.

397

Auditor of the Land Revenue for the District within which the said Land* or Hereditaments therein described

are situate, and be there forthwith inrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose; and such Auditor, having 1^'

unrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the fame under his Hand, and shall upon receiving the V

usual Fees for such Inrolment return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers 5 and from and after such Inrolment and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs or Successors,

shall, by force and virtue of this Act, be, and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seifift and Possession of the Lands, Hereditaments, Rights and Interests to be by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposee, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not taken place; and every such Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, by one of the principal Clerks or other Officers in their or his Office; and every such Certificate and Receipt, being inrolled as aforesaid, shall effect-ually discharge the respective Purchasers to whom the same shall be given or granted, of and from the Purchase or Consideration Money therein expressed.and such Purchasers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, mfdlefted or questioned, for or in respect thereof, or of auy Part thereof.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Cer- Neglecting to tificate as aforesaid shall be granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to pay Purchase be specified, for the Space of Thirty Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to mrol such Money into Certificate find the said Cashier's Receipt for the said Money, for the like Space of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said Commissioners shall for any reasonable Cause to them shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tunc, and which upon such Cause being shewn,

the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to order accordingly.: '

LXX. And Whereas it may happen that some Part of the said Forest may hereafter become inhabited,

in which case the Inhabitants thereof, by reason of its remote Distance from any Parish Church, and of its being locally situate out of the Limits or Boundaries of any Parish, will have no Place of Public Worship

to resort'to; and it is therefore expedient that as well for the Convenience of such Inhabitants as for extending the Benefit and Influence of Religious Worship and Instruction, that such Provisions should be made in

that respect as are herein after contained Be it therefore further enabled, That such a Quantity of Land Church erected as shall be necessary for the Site of a Church, and for a Churchyard or Cemetery, and for the Site of a proper Parsonige House and Offices to he erected and built, and for a Garden and Yard or Homeftend to be attached thereto, to the Extent in the Whole of Ten Acres at the lead, shall be reserved by The Crown out of the^[

Lauds so to be allotted to His Majesty as aforesaid, and Thall not be sold 5 and that in case at any time hereafter the Number of Persons who shall be resident and inhabiting upon the said Forest shall, in the Judgment and Opinion of th Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Bishop of Bath and Wells for the time being, be such as shall render it expedient that a Church shall be erected upon the said Allotment, for the Perf rmance of Divine Worship therein, and for the affording religious Instruction to the Inhabitants thereof, then and in such case the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall, by and out of the Land Revenues of The Crown, cause a new Church and a fit and convenient Parsonage House and Offices to be erected and built upon Part uf the Lands so to be reserved as aforesaid, and shall appropriate other Part thereof near to the said Church, for a Churchyard or Burial Ground, and the Residue thereof as a Garden,

Yard or Homestead to the said Parsonage House, and shall inclose the fame accordingly, in such manner as

tbO laid last mentioned Commissioners shall think proper for such Purposes; and shall cause the said Church

trben so cre&ed, and the Churchyard so to be attached thereto, to be duly consecrated according to the Usage of the Church of England; and the fame Church shall be for ever thereafter set apart and dedicated as ami*1 - 5

for a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Rights and Ceremonies of the Church of England, for the

Dfe of all the Inhabitants who shall so relide within the Bounds or Precincts of the said Forest, and shall be

named and called The Parish Church of Exmoor; and that the said Forest shall for ever thereafter form and be

a distinct Parish of itself, and be called by the Name of The Parish of Exmoorv Provided always, that there Provife.

!haH be set apart ancj appropriated in the Church to be erected and built by virtue of this Att, such a Number of Seats fot the gratuitous Accommodation of the Poor of the said Parish, as the Lord Bishop of the Diocese shall think necessary, proper and convenient.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Erection and Consecration of the said Parish Gr°uod ufedss, Church, the said Piece of Ground which shall be so inclosed and appropriated as a Churchyard or Cemetry ^"chyard to as aforesaid, shall be and for ever continue to be a Churchyard or Place of Burial for all the Inhabitants of u^such Parish.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Plan or Design of such Church, Parsonage House, Offices Plan of Church, and ether Buildings, shall be submitted to and approved by the Bishop of Bath and Wells for the time being, fcc. app*ov«d by before the same shall be erected; and that no such Church, Parsonage House or other Building shall becrested EMhoj* in pursuance of this Act, without the Approbation of the said Bishop signified in Writing under his Hand.'

LXX 11T. And be it further enacted, That the said Church when built, completed and consecrated as afore- Church deemed said, shall be and is hereby declared to be a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and shall be called by the Name of^Perpetual " The Parish Church of Exmoorand that every Minister of the said Church shall be by virtue of this Act Cure, incorporated and made a Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of "The Officiating Minister of the Church ' ': 'u

of Exmoor, V and shall have perpetual Succession, and be enabled to sue and be sued by that Name in all Courts of tins Realm 5 and that the said Church and Churchyard or Burial Place, and the said Parsonage

House*

Minister' Stipend.

Patronage of

Living

Marriages solemnized in Chbrch.

Prerifo.

Christenings, &c. registered.

P.irift», &c sub-je£t to all Laws relative thereto.

Parish may be divided into Townshipa.

Proviso fur His Majesty*! Rights to Mines, &c.

Profifc for

Private Rights.

0, 138. Georgii III. A.D. 181

House, Garden, Yard or Homestead, shall be vetted in the said Minister and his Successors for the time being, for ever; and that the said Church and the Ministers thereof shall be subject, in all respects, to Visitation of the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells for the time being, and shall also be subject to the Ordinary Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction by Law established; and that Divine Service shall be from time to time for ever thereafter performed in the said Church, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England as by Law established.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That for the Maintenance and Support of the Minister of the said "Church for the time being, he shall have and be allowed a yearly Stipend or annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him Half yearly without any Doduction, by, Warrant from the Lords Commissionerv of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, out of the Land Revenues of The Crown, and such Minister shall also have and be entitled to receive and take all such Ea/hr Offerings, Dnes, Surplice Pees, Donations and Emoluments as are or shall be usually payable for Parochial Duties m other Parishes.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Advowson, Right of Patronage, free Disposition, and Nomination of, in and to the fame Church, when the same shall have been so erected, built and consecrated as aforesaid, shall appertain and belong to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever*

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Church Audi have been so built and consecrated as aforesaid, and at all times thereafter. Banns of Matrimony may be publiflted and Marriages may be edebrated therein, in such manner and under such Restrictiong and Regulations as the lame may by Law be published and celebrated in any other Church or Public Chapel wherein Banns and Marriages are allowed by Law to be published and celebrated; and that every such Marriage shall be valid and ettectual to all Intents and Pur*

Efes whatsoever; provided all such Banns and Marriages shall be published and celebrated aocording to the iws and Canons which shall be then in force within this Realm in that behalf.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Church fluiU be so built and consecrated as aforesaid, Christenings and Burials had and solemnized within the said Church shall be registeredin Public Registera to be provided and kept for that Purpose, in like manner as by Law directed, or as is usually practised in other fcarish Churches.

LXXV IT I. And be it further enacted, That when the said Church shall have been so built and oooo&orated jand the said Parish so formed as aforesaid, all the Laws and Statutes which shall be then m force within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, relating to Parishes or to Parochial Offices, shall be in full force and have Effect and Operation in all Respects, in relation to such new Parish and Parish Offices of Emmoar^ is like manner as if the fame had been a Parish previously to the making and passing the fame Laws and Statutes*

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the said Chqrch shall be so built and confc-crated, and the said Parish shall be so formed as aforesaid, any Number of the Inhabitants of such new Parish shall think fit to apply by Petition to the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Somerset, to have the said Parish divided into Two or more Townships, then and in such case it shall be lawful to and for the Justices not interested in the Premises, in their said General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby required to hear such Petition, and to investigate and enquire into rise Allegations therein contained $ and it upon such Hearing the said Justices shall think it reauifite or expedient that the said Parish shall be divided into Two or more Townships, then and in such qafe it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, in their said General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order and Award for the Division of the said Parish into Two or more Townships accordingly, and to give all such Directions in relation thereto as they shall think requisite and necessary; and in case such Order shall be so made, then and from thenceforth the said Parish shall be divided accordingly into such Townships, and such Town(hi{)i shall be called by such Names as the said Justices shall in and by luqh Onfor direct 5 and every such Township shall from thenceforth for ever thereafter provide for its own roor, and have and enjoy and be vetted with such and the like Powers, Privileges and Immunities, and be subject to such and the like Regulations as are or shall be then incident to and held and enjoyed by the several other Townships within the said County of Somerset, by the Laws and Statutes in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England.*.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall net defeat or prejudice the Right or Interest of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in or to any Wines of Coa^ Lead Ores, Metals or any other Minerals whatsoever, in or under the said Forest, or any Part thereof, bat that His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his or their Lessees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may search for, work, dig, get, raise and carry away all such Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and all other Minerals whatsoever, as freely and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been passed 5 Cave only, that they shall respectively do as little Damage aq possible in the Lands to be inclosed as aforesaid, and shall make reasonable Satisfaction and Recompence from time to time to the Person or Persons possessed thereof, for all Damage that shall or may be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by searching for, working, digging, getting, raising and carrying away the said Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and all other Minerals, or any of them.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Interest of any Person or Persons in or to any Quarries of Slate, Limestone, and other Stone whatsoever, i» or under any Allotment which shall be made to him, her or them, by virtue of this Act; but the same shall belong to him, her or them, and be the Property of the Person or Persons in Possession of any such Allotments, in or under which any such Quarry or Quarries shall be, and according to the Nature and Tenure of the Estate in i*spe& of which such Allotments shall be made.

LXXXII. Saving.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

c-i38>i39-

LXXXII. Saving always to The King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extinguished) as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not bee^i_jtyfle<l.

General Saving*

j SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act refers.

FORM of CERTIFICATE of Contra 3s made by the Commissioners of His MajeJh's Woods, Forejh arid

Land Revenues.

By the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

fJTO£SE^to certify. That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissionet* of His Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the Day of A.B. and

C: D.- Twtf of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for and on behalf

Of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, have contra died and agreed with A.B. of for the'

Sale to the Sad A.B. of all [hare deftr the the Premiset to be sold] at or for the Price or Sum of

<xf lawful 'Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to

" The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods* Forests and Land

Revenues, being the Woods and Forests Fund; '* and from and immediately after the Payment of the said

Sum.into the Bfcuk in manner aforesaid, and the lnroiment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County ^aforesaid, and thenceforth fer

ever, the said A. 1$. and hia [her or, their] Heirs [or, Successors] or Assigns, shall be adjudged* deemed and

taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Hereditaments and Premises so by him, [her or, them]

pmchafed, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and jdischarged from all Claims and r

Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them*

audio!as fulL and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors might car 'J

coukLksn* held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands, this

Dayo£, .^in the Year of our Lord.*

Signedby the above named, iirthe Presence of

- FORM OF RECEIPT.

' RECEIVED thfe Day of of and from A.B. the Sum of

of lawfal Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above [or, within] written Certificate. Witness my Hand,

' For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Cashier.

' "i';

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act to grant an additional Duty of Ejccife in Ireland, upon Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain..[6th July 181J.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

1 'll/£» Your Myfty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have free!)' and foftmtfardy resolved to give and grant unto Yotir Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned, ' and do most \p brfdech , Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty* ktj ttod with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ptefenL, Parliament hflembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the wdbhB)itcft<Kiwdom>caUed^ Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, to and far thdU&f of His Majesty, hia Heirs and Successors, the several Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say,

PbrftnJimon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, which, at any time from and after the Additional WlW^ftimDay of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be made or distilled in Ireland, from Corn Dutie*. ofcOfantf'malted or unmalted, or for which any DifHfler shall be chargeable by Law, an additional Duty of S&petich, British Currency, over and above all other Duties payable thereon, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said Nineteenth Day of June, and afe^the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity, and which said additional Duty shall be paid by the First P-id by Makhr'ttr DifUller of such Spirits.

*7 JL And te it further enacted, That there shall also be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, io and iiuf the Use of His Majesty, his H^irs end Successors, the fevexal Duties herein after mentioned; that is io say, A«4'.

.. r.y/i'" "' -

4&© C. 139.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Duty to Spirits

wwrehoafed, and (ken out for Horae Con-furapcioo.

3*40 O-J.

c. 67.

40 G. l. (I.)

c. 3*.

Ante, c. 6a.

AMHSeflal For ai>d upon tl*ry Gallon of A<ma Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, made or distilled in Ireland, from Corn

Duties on Stock or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall have been in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Diflilicr in Irt-Hand. land, or of any Person for the Use of such Distiller, on the said Nineteenth Day of June, the additional Duty or

Sum of Six pence British Currency, over and above all other Duties which shall have been charged or paid on such Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity:

And also for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, made in Great Britain or Ireland, from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall have been in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Importer of, Dealer in, Seller or Retailer of Spirits in Ireland, or of any Re&ifier or any Compounder of Spirits in Ireland, on the said Nineteenth Day of June, an additional Duty or Sum of Six pence, British Currency, over and above all other Duties which shall have been paid on such Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity:

Provided always, that iro such Charge of Six pence per Gallon upon any Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Person, shall take place upon or affect any Person who shall not in the whole have had the Quantity of Thirty Gallons in Stock, Custody or Possessiou, on the said Nineteenth Day of June, and that no such Charge shall take place on any Spirits in the Stock of any Compounder of Spirits, which shall have beem a£luafly compounded before the said Nineteenth Day of June.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall also be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vka, Strong Waters or Spirits, made or distilled from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted in Ireland, and which having been wanrehoused in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland, pursuant to Law, at any time after the Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall, at any time on or after the said Nineteenth Day of June, be taken out for Home Consumption in Ireland, the Sum of Six pence, British Currency 5 and for every Gallon of such Spirits, which having been so warehoused at any time before the fold Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall, at any time after the said Nineteenth Day of June, be taken out for Home Consumption, the Sum of Seven pence Halfpenny, British Currency, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity over and above all Duties of Excise on such Spirits payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said Nineteenth Day of Jane*

IV. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of the additional Duty by tins Ad imposed on Spirits made in Ireland, and in re-

sped of the additional and increased Duties imposed on Malt made in Ireland by an Act passed in theprcYewt

Session of Parliament, additional Countervailing Duties should be charged upon the like Spirits made m ' Great Britain and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said additional Duty oa

Spirits and Malt made in Ireland j* Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be granted, raised, levied, coi-leded, paid and satisfied, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on all such Spirits, the Countervailing Duties following, over and above all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable upon such Spirits under or by virtue of any other Act or Ada in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation; that it to say.

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain, from Gom or Gram irttltWbrw* feralted, and which shall be impmttd foot thence into Iretandat #ny tiilie after fheYakf Nineteenth Day of Jam One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Sum of Seven pence Halfpenny, British Currency, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity.

V. And be it further enacted, That for and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled in Irelandfroaa Corn malted or unmalted, and on which the Duties by this Act payable thereon shall have been folly paid «nd satisfied, and which shall be exported from Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given -an additional Drawback equal in Amount to the additional Countervailing Duty imposed by this Act upon Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain from Corn or Grain malted or unmalte^ and imported from theaqe into Ireland

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall export to any other Place than Great Britain 'Spirits distilled in Ireland from Corn Or Grain malted or umnalted, on which the additional Duties imposed by this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, shall be entitled to and shall receive for ©ve<y Gallon of such Spirits a Drawback of Seven pence Halfpenny British Currency; .provided that all such Spirits dull be of a Strength not* less than of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and which hud Drawback shall be over and above all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Ad or X&s in force k JreUndnt the time cl such Exportation in respect of such Spirit* exported from Ireland to Foreign Parts*

VII. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland froiA

a Tj6fn OV Grain malted or unmafted, which shall have been or shall be warehoused in manner required by

bcoiTirarc* anytime after the Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be allowed anil

paid a Dr&Wbadk df One Penny Halfpenny British Currency upon every Gallon of such, Spirite, as and m n<fU skid in respect of the additional and kcreased Duties imposed by an Act of this preTent Session.of Par-feaffttni On the Malt tifed or con fumed in the making of such Spirits, and which Drawback Audi be over and Aote Stnj other Drawback payable on such Spirits under any other Act or Acts in force in , Ireland at the time of such Exportation; and the said Drawbacks shall be and is hereby required to'be paid and satisfied oil <Wi Export, fafejeftto tdl Rules and Regulations in force k Ireland respecting Drawbacks.

Ditto carried to VIII. Awdbeirfarther entdod, That all Monks arising from the Duties.granted by this Act (theneceffinyr Consolidated Charges of raising and paying the fame being deduded) mall be carried to and made Part of the Confotidated Fnd. 'Foma of Inland*

CoanftnraUins

Duties.

Drawback on

Exportation to G. B.

To any other Place.

fttwifo.

Drawback on Export

Ante, c. 6a.

I*.

A.D. 181jj.

$? GEORGII III.

c. 139.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of Six pence per Gallon on Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn malted or unmalted imposed by this Act, shall be charged on every Distiller in respect of the Quantity of Spirits which shall be made or distilled by such Distiller, or for which any Distiller mall be chargeable by Law, to be computed, ascertained and charged in such Manner and under such Regulations, Directions and Provisions as are contained in an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of 11 is present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits Milled in Ireland, and the nxsarehousing of such Spirits for Exportation, or in any Act or Acts for amending the said Act or in this Act, or any other Act or Acts for granting, regulating or securing the Duties on Spirits diddled in Ireland, or for warehousing the fame; and that all and every the Clausee, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of recovering thereof, provided, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or in any Act for amending the said Act, or ia this or any other Act or Acts for granting, regulating or securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or for the warehousing of any such Spirits, shall be applied and put in Practice in making Charges of Duty and other Charges on such DistilUr, in respect of the said Duties of Spirits under this Act, and with respect to the warehousing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as it all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Roll rift ions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and enacted in this Act.

X. And, in order to secure the said additional Duty of Six pence by this Act imposed on every Gallon of Spirits, as well Br'ttish as Irishy in the Stock, Custody or Possession of every Distiller or Importer of Dealer in, Seller, Retailer and Rectifier of Spirits in Ireland, be it further enacted, That any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland shall and may, by gauging, or otherwise, take an Account of the Quantity of all such Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dilliller or Importer of, Dealer in, Seller or Retailer of Spirits, or of any Rectifier of Spirits in Ireland, or of any Person for the Use of any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer or Rectifier respectively, on the said Nineteenth Day of June, and also of all such Spirits not compounded, which on the said Nineteenth Day of June shall be in the Stock, Custody or Pofiession of any Compounder of Spirits in Ireland; and every such Officer or Officers shall make a Return in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the respective Districts in which such Spirits shall have been on the said Nineteenth Day of June* of the just and true Quantity of all such Spirits, and of the Amount of the said Duty of Six pence per Gallon thereon respectively, payable over and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable thereon, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Person respectively; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall not, on Demand made by him or them, at any Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place of or belonging to any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, or any Place where any Spirits belonging to any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder shall be, be admitted therein, or shall not be fufFered to take an Account of all Spirits therein; or if any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, or Person having the Custody or Possessiow of such Spirits, shall neglect or refuse to shew to such Officer all the Spirits in every such Warehouse or other Place, such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person into or at whose Warehouse or other Place such Officer or Officers shall not be admitted, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all Spirits therein; and every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person who shall refuse or neglect to shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer or Officers all such Spirits as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence or Default respectively in any of the cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, who on the said Nineteenth Day of June shall have had in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession (other than His Majesty's Warehouses, or under His Majesty's Locks) or in any Store Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person, for his, her or their Use? any Spirits whatever, which shall be liable to the said additional Duty of Six pence per Gallon by this Act granted shall, within Thirty one Days after the passing of this Act, deliver at the Office of Excise of the District in which such Spirits shall have been on the said Nineteenth Day of June, a just, true and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all such Spirits, which, 011 the said Nineteenth Day of June flin.ll have so been in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person, in every such Warehouse, Store Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person, for his, her or their Use, describing the Places where the lame shall respectively be or may have been, and the Situation thereof; and every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person delivering such Account, shall make Oath, or if a Quaker a foleran Affirmation, before any Chief Commissioner or Sub Commissioner of Excise that such Account is a true, just and perfect Account of all such Spirits as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation any such Commissioner or Sub Commissioner is hereby authorized to administer, and every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered the Accounts hereby respectively required, within the respective times aforesaid, or who shall neglect to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall deliver or cause to be delivered any false or untrue Account shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and all such Spirits of which such Account shall not be delivered within the times aforesaid, or of which any false or untrue Account shall be delivered, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any* Officer or Officers of H13 Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to the said additional Duty of Six pence per Gallon on such Spirits shall be chargeable and charged with the said Duty upon the Returns or Accounts to be made and delivered by the Officer of Excise, or by such Persons respectively under this Act, according

eo. IIL 3 F

401

Duty levied under Regubrioni prescribed by

46 G. 3. c. 81.

Account of Stock taken, and Return made to Collector.

Obilrulting, &c. Officers, &c.

[Penalty.]

Distillers. Ac. to deliver at Excise Office Account of Stock on Oath.

[Penalty.]

to

Return £ro-» ducing krgh'dft 7 Amount of*Duty Chaigehn

DWiller or Pfealer. '

[Penalty.]

Removing Spirits without Permit.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Permits not granted unless Duty paid.

Spirits for which Permit was granted before 19th June chargeable with additional Duty.

Penalty.

Spirits not delivered before 19th June, delivery not claimed till Duty paid.

Spirits delivered ?n or after 19th J une to pay Duty.

In case of Non-pa) ment of Duty, Distrel* enadc.

0.139. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

to such of the said Returns or Accounts as shall produce the higfieft Amount of Duty, and that every such Person. shall pay the said Duty accordingly, and when no Account shall have been delivered by any Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, the Return made by the Officer shall be a conclusive Charge on fdch Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, and that «very Person so charged shall, within Two Calendar Months next after the said Nineteenth Day of June, pay to the Collector of Excise of the District, all such Duty as shall be due by such Person for or on Account of the said additional Duty, or in Default of Payment thereof within the time aforesaid, every such Person so making Default shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount for which such Person shall be so charged as aforesaid*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so chargeable with the said additional Duty and actually charged therewith pursuant to the Provisions aforesaid, who shall remove any Spirits after the said additional Duty shall have been charged thereon as aforesaid, without having paid and cleared off the said additional Duty, or in whose Stock Account, kept by any Officer of Excise, there shall appear to have been any Decrease of such Spirits, without having obtained from the proper Officer or Officers a Permit or Permits authorizing the Removal of the Spirits £> deficient, shall forfeit and pay a Sum of Twenty Pounds, together yrith a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the additional Duty chargeable on such Spirits: Provided always, that Whereas by reason of Quantities of Spirits being fold or used by Retailers of Spirits in Quantities so small as not to require a Permit for the Removal thereof, Deficiences may arise between such Stock Account and the actual Quantity of Spirits in the Possession of such Retailer, the said Penalty for a Decrease in Stock ft all not be in Aided on any Retailer in any case in which such Retailer shall satisfadorfly prove that such Decrease was solely occasioned' by the Removal of Spirits out of such Retailer's Stock, in Quantities so small as not to require a Permit for such Removal.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have fold or shall fell any Spirits chargeable with the said additional Duty, and shall be desirous of removing such Spirits, no Permit shall be granted for the Removal thereof, unless the said additional Duty hereby imposed, and all other Duties due thereon, shall have been previously paid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all such Spirits for the Removal of which from any Place in Ireland to any other Place within the same either Coastways or by Canal or Land Carriage, a Coast Cocket or Permit 'shall have been granted before the said Nineteenth Day of June, and which mall arrive at the Place of its Destination, on or after the said Nineteenth Day of June, shall on its arrival become chargeable with the said Additional Duty of Six pence for and upon every Gallon thereof, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity, and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make a Return thereof in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the District in like manner as is herein directed, with respect to the Return to be made by any Officer or Officers, of Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Person on the said Nineteenth Day of June; and the Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, into whose Custody or Possession such Spirits shall come on or after the said Nineteenth Day of June, shall be charged with and pay the additional Duty for the fame; and every Person so charged shall, within Two Calendar Months next after the Arrival of such Spirits, pay to the Collector of Excise of the District all such Duty as shall be due by such Person for and on account of such Spirits, or in default of Payment thereof at the tim^ aforesaid, every such Person so making default shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty for which such Person shall be charged as aforesaid, and no other Coast Cocket or Permit shall be granted for the further Removal of such Spirits until the said Duty on the full Quantity of Spirits for the Removal of which a Coast Cocket or Permit shall be required, shall be previously paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be charged with the Additional Duty by this Act imposed upon any Spirits in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, shall have fold or contracted to fell any such Spirits to any Person or Persons, and shall not have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof before the said Nineteenth Day of June, then and in every such case the Buyer of the said Spirits shall not be entitled to claim the Delivery of such Spirits without first paying the additional Duty which such Seller shall have been chargeable or charged with or shall have paid for such Spirits under the Provisions of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be charged with the Additional Duty by this Act imposed upon Spirits in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, shall on or after the said Nineteenth Day of June have fold or contracted to fell any such Spirits to any Person or Persons, and shall have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof, then and in every such case the Buyer of the said Spirits shall pay to the Seller the Additional Duty which such Seller shall have been charged with or shall have paid for such Spirits under this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases when any Duty payable under this Act by any Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, for or on account of such Spirits in his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, or in the Custody of any other Person for his or her Use, shall be unpaid at the time when such Duty is by this Act made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the District, or other Chief Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain any Goods or Chattels in the Use, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, owing such Duty, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction; and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale, there stall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall forthwith be tendered and paid to

such

A.B.1815» 35° GEORGII 1 III. C. 139*4*

such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, ReAifier pr Compounder, or hi* or her respective Representatives: Provided always, that when any Spirits shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be Provifc

lawful for such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, ReAifier or Compounder, or his or her respsAfee Representatives, at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Spirits, upon his, her or their paying to the CoileAor or other Chief Officer aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Spirits as he, she or they shall desire to remove, and the fame may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits shall on due Application be given for the fame in like manner as if no such Distress had been made* '

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted, allowed and Duties &c.*act made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid ?enalt, 5*\*c' and allowed, sued for, recovered and applied in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities* how lcvie<*>kc* and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, dnrected and expressed for the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing tnd managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by ait A A made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, M*15 c, r»*: intituled An Act for the settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according^c "*

to the Book of Rates therein injhrted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present 46 G.$. c. xo£? Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, &c.

Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Con* miff oners of Inland Exctfe and Taxes in Ireland; or m and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland^ re rating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the feme were herein expressed and enacted, with the Kke remedy of Appeal to and for Appeal the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act, made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

CAP. CXL.

An Act to make further Provisions for the Collection of certain Duties on Male Servants, Carriage# and Horses; and in respect of Houses in Ireland.

[6th July 18(15.]

TYJ WHEREAS in and by Two several Acts made in the present Session of Parliament, one intituled Am Aute, c. 6s.

Ad to grant to His Majesty certain increased Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, m r*fp*8

Windows, Male Servants, Carnages, Horses and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes ta respect of the like Articles; and the other intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes Aate, o.4f.

4 in Ireland, in respect of certain Male Servants, Carriages and Horses, kept to be let to Hire, certain Rates,

Duties and Taxes are, amongst other things, granted, imposed and made payable upon Carriages, Horses and

Servants respectively which shall be hired, or which shall be kept to be let out to Hire, or which shall be let to Hire in Ireland: And Whereas it is expedient to provide for the more effectual Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Rates, Duties and Taxes granted, imposed and made Duties under payable by the said Acts, shall and may be levied, collected and received by any Person who now is or hereafter AAs colleAcd shall be authorized and empowered to levy, colfeA and receive the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Fire Hearths, "Pj*

without any new Warrant, Commission or Appointment for the feme; and every such Person and Persons is Duties^n and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy, colleA and receive the said Rates, Duties and Taxes Fire Hearths.*granted and imposed and made payable by the said Acts accordingly, in the same Manner and under and with such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed in the said Acts, or in any Act or Acts therein respectively recited or referred to.

*11. And Whereas by the said first recited Act of this present Session of Parliament, it is, among other Ante, c. 61. § $ 4 things, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland,

4 on Application made to them for that Purpose by the Owner or Occupier of any House or Tenement in Ireland, which shall be untenanted for any longer Term than Three Calendar Months in any one Year, and on Proof made on Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that any such House or Tenement was fe

untenanted, to discharge or relieve the Owner or Occupier of such House or Tenement from the Payment of any Duties or Taxes in respect of the Windows and Hearths in such House or Tenement, or in respect of the Rent thereof, for such time as such House or Tenement shall be so untenanted, by direAirtg the Collector of the said Duties, or any other Officer, to make any such Abatement, Allowance or Repayment

to such Owner or Occupier as the said Commissioners, under all the circumstances of the case, shall think fit and proper Be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Clause shall repealed. ( be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of In- Commissionera land Excise and Taxes, from time to time, to make any Repayment of any Part of the Duties or Taxes in ^a^n*k*rRe* respect of the Windows or Hearths in any unoccupied House or Tenement, or in respect of the Rent thereof, Juries inre-to such Amount and in such manner and under such Conditions and Regulations as under all Circumstances spetf of Win-of the respective cases may appear to them to be just and reasonable. dows, &c. of un-

occupied Houses, Sc c.

3 F a

404 C.I4M42'

5Jfl GflC0R&II>

A.D. 18Si 5,

Ante, c. 57. §9-

Duties on Inv-port alien of Goods levied as former Duties ef Customs.

Goods, & c. fqb-j«* to Regulations in force,

Penalties, &c.*of former A<9* extended to Ad.

Former Act reining to Customs extended to Att.

'.CAP. CXLI.

An Act to amend in Act made Ih this Sdfllbrt of Parliament to repeal former Acts granting etclu-

five Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the

Loss of such Privileges, < [6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Provisions of former Acts, granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the LoJ} of such Privileges; it.ia, among other things, provided, that certain Duties Stall be raised upon Goods, Ware# and Merchandize imported into any Port of the United Kingdom

from any Place within the Limits of the £ole add exclusive Trade heretofore granted to the said Company, with certain Exceptions: And Whereas Provision is made in the said recited Act for raiGng or recovtr- ing Duties upon Exportation, but no Provision is made in relation to Duties of Customs upon Importation

granted by the said Act Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and wkh the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duties of CuHorns-granted by the said recited Act upon, for or in respect of Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, may and shall be respectively ma-aged, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, except where any Alteration»eipre&ly made by the said recited Act or this Act, in such and the like manner, and by such and the fame meins, ways or methods, as former Duties of Cuiloms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, aid also by such special means, ways or methods respectively, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the feme Sorts or Kinds were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected* anfoeaed, paid, recovered and allowed; and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize whereon Duties of Customs are by the said recited Act charged upon the Importation thereof into the United Kingdom, shall be and the feme are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures respectively to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize were subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on and immediately before thepafliqgof this Act, respecting the Revenue of Customs, except where any Alteration is expressly made by the said recited Act or this Act; and ati Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures of whatever nature or kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers^ Provision* and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts shall, unless where expressly altered by the said recited Act oti this Act, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put into Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs granted by the said recited Act* ip at fttU and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Act*> Clause*, fro-vifiona, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-epafted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force in Great Britain, or Ireland respectively, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Restrictions were made, established or directed for the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for the remitting or allowing of any Deduction of any Duties on Account of Damage, or for the better, securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Importation into Great Britain or Ireland respectively of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made by the said recited Act or this Act, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the.Subject of this Act* and for carrying the feme into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

43 0.3. c. 69.

45 G. 3. c. 30. 54 G. 3. c. 8s.

17 0.3. c 50.

CAP. CXLII.

An Act to reduce the Duties on all Sheep Wool the Growth of the United Kingdom, which (half be sold by Auction for the Growers or first Purchasers.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 V\ Ad to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ' An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to grant

to His Majesty Duties upon Auctions in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties thereon; and to provide for the regulating and receiving the fold Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein: And Whereas an Act passed in the Seven*

teenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons affing as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houfts, Goods and other Things sold by Auctions; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds and other Instruments: And Whereas by the said recited Acts of the Forty third, Forty fifth and Fifty fourth Years respectively, certain Duties of Excise were made chargeable in Great Britain and Ireland, respectively, for every Twenty Shillings

Ai5. j 55° GEORGII' IH; 4^5

lings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at AuAion in Great Britain and Ireland,

respectively: And Whereas by the ProvisidnL'of Uhe1 ffid A A of the Seventeenth Year of His present I7G, 3 c. 50.

Majesty, and of another A A, passed in the .Nyietpeptb Year of the Reiga of Hip prafen^ Majesty, thf^5.

nufciAured Produce of Land is exempted From the Paymen^of the Duties granted by the said recited Act of § , 4/ 3'

the Forty third and Forty fifth Years aforesaid, provided the Sale of such Produce is made whilst it continues 4 6poh the Lands producing the fame, and by the Owner or Owners thereof, their Steward or Agent: And

Whereas by the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid all Produce of Land sold by Auaton on the 54D. j. c. 8l.'

Land producing the fame, arid11 Wool sold at any Sale by AuAion by the Farming Society of Ireland> or ^'h*t!t*.

4 by the Cork Institution, in the manner in the Schedule to the said Act described, is exempt from the Duties xemPtlon1,

granted by the said Act il* And Whsrefts it would grtatly facilitate the Sale of Sheep's Wool of the Growtheof the United Kingdom, and benefit the Growers and Manufacturers thereof, if the Duties of Excise in respect of all Sales of Sheep's Wdol by AuAion for the Growers or First Purchasers thereof, not exempt

under the Provisions of the said recited Act* were reduced j* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it

maybe enacted; and be it eniAtedljy The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That* from and after the passing of tins Act, the federal Duties granted by the Du?Wfc*»n fdd Acts respectively upott or for or in respect of any Purchase Money nriling upon any Sales by AuAion chafe fm^the Benefit of the Growers or First Purchasers of any Sheep's Wool, the Growth or Produce of any Part of f^Benetitof °'the United Kingdom, ihailbe red need to the Sum of Two pence upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Grovrersor RrlT Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale by AuAion in Great Britain for the Growers or First Purchasers Purch: ii<er« of respectively of any Sheep's Wool, the Growth* or Produce of any Part of the United Kingdom : Provided Sheep* Wool always^ thait nothing herein contained shall extend to any cases relating to the recovering any Arrears of/tho reduced toad' said DoiiehrefpbAively which may on the passing of this Act remain unpaid, or to any Fines* Penalties-or For* feituses relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the passing of this Act* '

II. 'And* be it further enacted, That the said Duty shall and may be managed, afeertaiped, xaised, levied* Duty levied and j collected, answered, paid and recovered and applied, in Great Britain ind Ireland respectively, in such and the aPPl, od - Hke manner as the Duties hereby reduced were or might be managed* ascertained, raited, levied, cdlleAecJ* 1 fore* answered, paid and recovered and applied j and all Sales by AuAion of any such Wool shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Sales, weref ubj* A and liable to by amy A A or A Act of Parliament in force on or immediately before the paffingef thin /

A A, in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act to amend the AAs relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges.*

'., [6th July 1815.]

\TP J WERE AS In and by an A*A made and passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present 43°-3-c. 59.

Majesty* intituled An Act for remedying certain DefeBs in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Woris maintained at the Ettpence of the Inhabitants of Counties in

England, it is enacted, that it should be lawful to and for the Surveyor of Bridges and other Public Works §1.

c in each and every County respectively within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, appointed or to be appointed by the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, and the said Surveyors were thereby authorized and empowered to search for, take and carry away Gravel, Stones,

Sand and other Materials, for the Repair of certain Bridges therein mentioned, and Roads at the Ends thereof,

being such as the Inhabitants of Counties are bound to repair, and to remove Obstructions and Annoyances, c from such Bridges and Roads, in such and the same manner as the Surveyor or Surveyors of any Common

Highway within this Kingdom is or are, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the Amendment And Preformation of the Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England;

and for other Purposos, authorized to do $ and the several Powers and Authorities thereby vefttfl in the Surveyor or Surveyors of Highways, as well for the getting of Materials as the preventing and removing of all

1 Huifances from such Bridges and Roads, should be, and the fame were thereby vested in the Surveyor and-

Surveyors of County Bridges* and the Roads at the Ends thereof as aforesaid 5 and the several Penalties*.

Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said Act contained relating to Highways, should be, and the fame urere thereby extended and applied as far as the same are applicable, to such Bridges and the Roads at the

Ends thereof as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the fame and every Part thereof were therein repeated avid re-enacted; the Surveyor or Surveyors making SatisfaAienand Compensation for all Trespass and Damage done in the Execution of the Powers of that A A, in such and the same manner as the Surveyors of Highways

are required to make, in and by the said recited Act: And Whereas an Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year 54 0.3 a 90. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and extend an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for remedying DefeBs in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges and other Works, maintained at the Expense of the Inhabitants of Counties in England, and for extending the said Act to Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of Hundreds:

And Whereas it is expedient, that Surveyors of County Bridges and other Persons, being under ContraA for the rebuilding or repairing such Bridges, or Bridges repaired by the Inhabitants of Hundreds and other General Divisions of Counties in the nature of Hundreds, (hoold have a more extended Power for procuring Materials than is at present veiled in fuob Surveyors of County Bridges* by the Operation of the said first recited Act,

40 6 C.I43*

55* Georgii nL

A.D. 18*5.

Surveyors of County Bridges, and Persons employed under Contri£h, empowered to take Stones for Repair of County Bridges.

Consent, &c. of Two Justices of Peace necessary.

Quarries situated in Gardens, &c. not used without Content of Owner*

Sausfaction for Stone, and Damage

In c*te of Rt-fufal to tieat, Justices at Sessions to caute VeJeeof Scones, and Amount of Damage, to be ascertained by Jury.

Witoefles called before Jury, examined on Oath.

Justices of Peace may require Sheriffs or Bailiff* to return Juries.

Jury.

Fine on Jury refusing to appear or l»e sworn, and on Persons summoned, refusing to give Evidence.

Expenret of Jury, how defrayed.

so far as relates to the .procuring of Stone for such Purposes from Quarries; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Surveyor of such Bridges in each and every County within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, appointed or to be appointed by the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County; and also to and for the Bridge Master or all and every Persons or Person who may at the pafHng of this Act, or from and after the passing* thereof, be under Contract for the rebuilding or repairing of any Public Bridge, built or repaired at the Expence of the Inhabitants of any such County, Hundred or General Division as aforesaid; and such Surveyor and Surveyors, and also such other Person or Persons, are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Consent and by the Order of Two Justices of the Peace, acting for the County in which such Bridge is intended to he rebuilt or repaired, first had and obtained for that Purpose, to search for, work, dig, get and carry away any Stone, in, from or out of any Quarry or Quarries whatsoever, within the County or Counties to which such Bridge may belong; other than and except such Quarries as may be situated within a Garden, Yard, Avenue to a Koufe, Lawn, Park, Paddock or inclosed Plantation, or as may now or hereafter have Ornamental Timber Treet growing thereon, without the Licence or Consent of the Owner or Owners of such Quarry or Quarries, as such Surveyor or other Person or Persons shall judge necessary for the rebuilding or repairing of such Bridges respectively, provided such Quarry or Quarries shall have been worked within the last Three Years preceding the time when such Bridge shall be about to be rebuilt or repaired; the said Surveyor or other Person or Persons making such Satisfaction and Recompence for the Value of such Stone, and also for the Damage to be done to such Quarry or Quarries by the getting and carrying away the fame, as shall be agreed upon between him or them, and the Owner, Occupier or other Person interested in such Quarry or Quarries respectivdr*and in case they canHOt agree, or such Owner or Occupier or other Person interested shall refuse to treat, tneam! in every such case the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions, or any Two or more of them appointed for that Purpose, Fourteen Days' Notice having been given to the Owner or his Agent of the Intention to require a Jury, shall cause the Value of such Stones and Amount of such Damage to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Precmft wherein the same shall be situated; and to that end shall summon and call before such Jury and examine upon Oath (which Oath any Two or more of such Justices of the Peace is and are hereby empowered to administer) any Person. or Persons whomsoever; and such Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all ways and means for the Information of themselves and of such Jury in the Premises; and when such Jury shall have enquired of and ascertained the Value of such Stones and Amount of such Damage, the said Justices of the Peace shall thereupon order that the Sum or Sums, which shall so appear to be the Value of such Stones and Amount of such Damage shall be paid; which Verdict or Inquisition and Order shall be filed of Record by the Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the said County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Precinct, and shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under Coverture, or any other Disability whatsoever, Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees and Attornies, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

II. And, for the summoning and returning such Juries, be it further enacted, That such Justices of the Peace or any Two of them, may issue their Warrant or Warrants, to the Sheriff or Bailiff of any particular County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Precinct, within the Limits of which the Quarry of Quarries shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, summon and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty fous Persons qualified to serve on Juries to appear before the said Justices, or any Two of them, at such time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed $ and such Sheriff or Bailiff is and are hereby required to impannel, summon and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to swear or cause to be sworn, Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff or Bailiff shall take such other honest and indifferent Men of the Bystanders, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen wijen they come to be sworn; and the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, shall have Power from time to time to impose a Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or Bailiff^ or his Deputy or Deputies, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give or shall not give a Verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and aUo on any Person who, being summoned and required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn or to give Evidence, so that no such Fine be more than Tea Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, on any one Person for one Offence.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for more Money as the Value of such Stones and Amount of such Damage, than what shall have been offered for the Purchase thereof by such Surveyor or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid out of the Rates to be collected within such County respectively; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for no more or for less Money than the Money which shall have been so offered by such Surveyor or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, then

io the

A.B.i?h5» 55° GEORGII III. C. 143, 144.

the Costs and Expenses of fulnmoning and maintaining the said Jury and WknefTefc shall he borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom such Controversy or Dispute touching the Value of such Stones and Amount of such Damage shall arise, and shall be levied by the Warrant of one of the said Justices, by Dif-tfefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons made liable to the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall or may think himself, her-self or themselves aggrieved by any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may within the Space of Three.Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be nolden for the Limit wherein the Cause of Comjplaint shall arise, every such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Day*6 Notice at lead in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made, and within Three Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace acting for the County wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide by the Order of and pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session aforesaid; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance^ shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of every such Appeal in alummary way, and make such Award to the Party appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper 5 and the Determination of such Justices so assembled shall be binaing and conclusive to all Intents and rurposes.

V.t i^nd Whereas it is expedient that the Powers contained in an Act pafledbi the Forty third Year of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for remedying certain DefeSs in the Laws relative to toe Building and

repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties In c England, tar .authorizing the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate

or Liberty, their General Quarter Session of the Peace, to contract for maintaining and keeping in Repair Roads over County Bridges, and so much of the Roads at the ending thereof as by Law is to be repaired

at the Expence of Counties, although no Presentment shall have been made of the want of Repair, as directed by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An

A3 for the more easy assesstng, collecting and levying of County Rates, should be extended to the Bridges as

well as to the Roads at the End thereof Be it further enacted, That, from and after the Day of passing this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions respectively, to contract and agree, or to authorize any outer Person or Persons to contract and agree, with any Person or Persons, for the maintaining and keeping in Repair any County or Hundred Bridge, and the Road over such County or Hundred Bridge, and so much of the Road at the Ends thereof as are by Law liable to be repaired at the Expence of any such County, Hundred, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, or any Part of the fame; and the said Justices are hereby empowered to order such Sum or Sums of Money as may be contrafted for and agreed to be paid for the repairing, amending and supporting such Bridges, and the Roads over the fame, or the Ends thereof, to be paid (in cases where the County is liable to the Repair thereof) by the Treasurer of the County out of the County Rate, or (in cases where the Hundred is liable to the Repair of the fame) by the Bridge Matter (or other Public Officer charged with the Repair of Bridges) of the Hundred by which such Bridge is liable to be repaired, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, nor less than One, although no Preferment of the Insufficiency, Decay or want of Repair of the same shall have been made, and although no Public Notice shall have been given by the said Justices, at their respective General or Quarter Session, of their Intention to contract for the Repair of such Bridges, or the Roads at the Ends thereof, as respectively directed by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second: Provided nevertheless, that before any such Contract shall be made, the said Justices shall cause Notices to be given in fofne Public Paper circulated in such County, City, Riding, Hundred, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, of their Intention to contract.

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act to enable the Comtniflkmers of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to purchase Premises for the erecting additional Docks, Warehouses and Offices in Dublin.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is found expedient that additional Docks, Warehouses, Stores and Offices should be*W made and erected in Dublin, for the Department of the Customs Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of such Commimoners, to contract with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any House or Houses, or Building or Buildings, or Parcel or Parcels, or Plot or Plots of Ground, contiguous to the said Custom House in Dublin, and to the Docks there, and with the Lessee or Lessees of any such House, Building or Ground, or with any Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, or with the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, of any Infant, Issue unborn, Feme Covert, Idiot or Lunatic respectively, for the Purchase of any such House or Houses,

Building

407

Appeal

Notice.

Recognizance.

Justices to'determine in a summary way.

43 O.3. c. 59.

ix G. 1. c. 29.

Justices to contract, Src. for Repair, &c. of County Bridges, &c.

12 G. 2. c. 29. Proviso,

Commissioners of Customs may coni radt for Purchase of Premises for erecting Docks, &c.

408 C. 144.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Building or Buildings, Parcel or Parcels, or Plot or Plots of Ground, and for the respective Interests of all such Persons who mail be entitled thereto, and which said Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, shall be and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to contrail and agree with, and to sell and convey unto the said Commissioners, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heira and Successors, the Estates, Rights and Interests of such Persons respectively as aforesaid, 111 order and for the Purpose of making and erecting such additional Docks, Store: , Warehouses and Oifiees upon the Sc*te of such House or Houses, or Building and Ground respectively.

In case Parties

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, and such Owner or Owners, Proprietor cannot agree, or Proprietors, Lessee or JLeffees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole, or Aggregate, or the Guardian or Guar-Jury returned to -dians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Infant, Issue unborn, Feme Covert, Idiot, of Premise* Ue *unat*c> or any them, cannot agree, the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, by Warrant or Precept under their Hands, and Seals, to be directed to the Sheriffs of the City of Dublin, to command such Sheriffs to summon and

return, and such Sheriffs are hereby directed and required, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds (which Penalty such Commissioners may, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, impose) to summon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to forte on Juries, and being Inhabitants of the said City, not less than Thirty or more than Sixty Persons, to appear before the said Commissioners, at such time and Place as by such Warrant or Precept aforesaid shall be directed and appointed, of which Time and Place such Persons so summoned as Jurors shall have Forty eight Hours' previous Notice; and every such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole, or Aggregate, Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, of any Infant, Issue unborn, Feme Covert, Idiot, Lunatic, or any of them, if to be found, shall have Seven Days previous Notice, and an Advertisement thereof, and of such Warrant having issued, shall be published Three times in some Dublin Newspaper, the first Day of which Publication shall be Twenty Days at leall previous to the Day on which such Jury shall be summoned to attend, and such Persons so summoned and returned are hereby required, under the Penalty of Five Pounds each (which such Commissioners, or any Three of them, may in like manner as aforesaid impose) to appear before such Commissioners at such time and Place as in such Warrant or Precept shall be >directed and appointed, and to attend until discharged by such Commissioners, and out of such Persons so -returned, a Jury of Twelve indifferent Persons shall be drawn by Ballot by some Person to be appointed by such Commissioners; and such Jury shall upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence such Commissioners are hereby respectively authorized to administer) ascertain the Value of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground, and the Value of the several and respective Interests of such Persons as shall have any Right or Title thereto, and the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall and may give Judgment for the Sum or Sums of Money at which such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground shall be so valued, and such Verdict and Judgment thereupon shall be binding and conclusive to all Parties, w... - w And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or Tender in Money or in Notes of the Governor and

Money awarded Company of the Bank of Ireland, payable to Bearer, of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded and to Personseuti- adjudged to the Person or Persons entitled thereto if of full Age, or in case any such Person or Persons shall tied theieto, or, be an Infant or Infante, to his, her or their Guardiau or Guardians, or in case of any Claims of any Creditors, ca ?act'*on " or an7 Dispute or Difference arising with respect to the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Sura or

Sxty To°receive, Sums of Money, or in case the Person or Party entitled thereto be under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised

on Payment of^r possessed of only a particular or determinable Estate or Interest therein, upon Payment thereof into the Purch-fo Money Court of Chancery in Ireland, for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto (which Sum or Sums into Court of the said Court shall and may receive )r the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be paid or tendered, or ia Convinces* ca^e Sum or Sums shall be paid into the Court of Chancery as aforesaid, the Person or Persons in whom 0 - -- the legal Estate or Estates of and in such Premises, shall be then veiled, shall within the Space of One Calendar

Month to be computed from the time of such Payment or Tender make and executfc to the Commissioners of Custom8 and Port Duties in Ireland, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and to their Successors in Trail, for His Majesty and his Successors, good, legal and valid Conveyances and Assignments of their respective Interests, in and to such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so paid or tendered, and all Bargains, Sales and Conveyances to be made by Persons of full Age, or by Guardians of Infants, to such Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the Force, Effect and Operation in Law to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have if levied or suffered by the Person or Persons so conveying, or by any such Infant or Infants if of full Age; and such Commissioners and their Successors shall, from and immediately after the Execution of such Conveyance or Conveyances, or of any Conveyance or Conveyances pursuant to the Directions of this Act, have and hold such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground absolutely freed and discharged of and from all and every Judgment, Charge or Incumbrance whatsoever, acknowledged, had, made or created by any such Person x>r Persons so conveying, or by any Person or Persons from or under whom he, she or they derive Title.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground shall be in any manner settled or entailed, and that there shall not be any Person or Persons in being entitled to convey by himself, herself or themselves, or by his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians as aforesaid, the entire and absolute Estate and Interest of and in such Pre-jnifeS; or any of them, then upon Payment of the Sum or Sums, which shall be so awarded and adjudged for

z such

On Payment of

made of Pre-mifet to Commissioneri of <CuHomt and Port Duties in Trust for His Majesty.

When Premises are settled by Entail, and no Person entitled to convey, Per-

Ai&.i&ij. 55° GEORGII ' III. C. 144^45) 40$

CuchProiSfcs into the Court of Chancery in Ireland, for the Use of the Person or Persons who th#U 'be entitled Ton in Posseflw*. thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall be seized of such Premises, for, empowered to, his, her or their Life or Lives or otherwise, and they are hereby directed and empowered to convey the fame, Coun^Oian and all Right, Title, Estate and Interest in or to the fame, to such Commissioners and their Successors, freed eery to appi-and absolutely discharged of and from such Settlement or Entail, and all and every Limitation, Proviso and Purchase Condition in such Settlement contained; and the said Court of Chancery shall and may, upon a Petition to be Money, preferred for such Purpose, ascertain and direct to what Person or Persons, and in what Proportions such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid. -

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money Court of Ckaa-shall be awarded and adjudged for any such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Parcel of ce, 710 or^er Ground, shall neglect or refuse to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances to such Commissioners of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground, or to give such Commissioners go0(| the actual Possession thereof, such Commissioners may prefer a Petition to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, iheirn tocow praying that such Person or Persons who shall so neglect or refuse may be directed to execute such Conveyance trary. or Conveyances, and deliver the Possession of any such Premises 5 and the said Court shall upon hearing of such Petition, unless some good Cause shall be shewn to the contrary, order and direct such Conveyance or Coir* veyances to be executed, and shall by the Imundlion of the said Court cause such Commissioners to be put into the Possession of such Premises; and in case such Person or Persons who shall be so ordered and directed to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances shall neglect for the Space of One Calendar Month after fwch Order shall be pronounced, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order and direct One of the Mailers of the said Court, to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances of such Premises, to such Commissioners and their Successors, and every such Conveyance by such Matter shall have the like Force and Effect in Law and Equity, as if the same had been executed by such Person or Persons so ordered and directed to execute the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Witnesses rsfu-Port Duties for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empow- ting to give ered to summon in Writing such Person or Persons as may be found necessary to give Evidence before any Jury Evi<I«nce before to be impannelled for the Purpose of this Act, as well 011 behalf of the said Commissioners as of any Owner or Jur*

Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Infant, Issue unborn, Feme Covert,

Idiot, Lunatic or any of them, and in case such Person or Persons who shall be so fumraoned as aforesaid shall (having been tendered his or her reasonable Expences) refuse Or neglect to attend at the Place in such.,

Summons to be specified within Twenty four Hours if resident in the City of Dublin, and if resident at a Distance from the said City, within a reasonable time after Service thereof, or shall refuse to give Evidence, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Three or more of them, upon Proof of the Service of such Summons by the Oath of some credible Person (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer), to impose such Fine or Fines on such Person or Persons so refilling or neglecting to attend as aforesaid, or refusing to give Evidence, as to them the said Commissioners may seem proper, any such Fine not to exceed Fifty Pounds. Fine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Customs Monty paid out and Port Duties in Ireland for the time being, to pay all such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the of Duties of Purposes of this Act, out of any Money in their Hands, arising from the Duties of Customs payable in Ireland. Custo<n*«

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Penalty and Penalties imposed, or to be imposed by Penalties hoar virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered by Civil Bill to be brought for the fame in the levied ai*d Name of the Secretary of the Customs for the time being, at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County aPP1*ed'

of the City of Dublin, and such Penalties when recovered shall be applied to the fame Purposes as the Revenues arising from the Duties on the Importation of GoodB under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs of Ireland*

-i CAP. CXLV.

inoreafe the Allowance to the Poll Office in Ireland, in respect of Packet Boats to Great Britain.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Twenty fourth Year of His g. 3. SelT.i. 4 , }$V- present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for establt/bing certain 1Regulations concerning the Portage c. 6.

apd ct&veypnce of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland, it was, among other §4* things* ^nafted, that until the General Poll Office of Ireland shall have established Packet Boats for the ' Jfr&and Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Ireland to Great Britain, there should be allowed in act Cpniit from the General Letter Office or Post Office in Great Britain to the Revenue of the Poll Office in f Jnb*4y a Sum not exceeding Four thousand Pounds per Anpum, by Quarterly Payments, in lie^tas well of the ! Prafttapf the said Packets as in Compensation for other Purposes; And Whereas such Packet Boats have not*yet b$yn established by the General Post Office in Ireland, and it is expedient that the said Allowance should I heiqcr^afed ' Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ana C^iffentpf thf Lprdf Spiritual and.Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by th?

the fame, That, from a^d-after the.Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Until Packet ynd Post Office of Ireland shall have established Packet Boats for the Port and Conveyance ox Boats estabttfred ffe.£qgi Jfelaiij# Great therehall he allowed in account from th*jGten$r*| Letter Ireland

jG* Office g.b.Po»

4t9 C. 145, 146, i47* 55° O£0I1G$I \JII. A.D. 1£i£.

Oflceta G. B. to allow Irish Post Office

9»OOl. fX ^JUK

Trade and Commerce with French Colonies regulated by Order in Council

1* Car. a. c. if.

Goods imported or exported contrary mOtders forfeited wish Vessels carrying them.

Forfeiture how food for.

Continuance of

Act

Office or Pbft Office in Great Britain, to the Revenue of the Pod Office in Ireland, a Sum not exceeding Nine thousand Poundiprr Annum in the whole, by Quarterly Payments, in lieu as well of the Profits of the said Packet* M in Compenfstxm for other Purposes.

/qjR to van b/is (iDfUvi odofO

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act to authorize His Majesty to regulate, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Trade with any French Colony which may come into His Majesty's rofTession or remain Neutral..[6th July 18.15*3

WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, that the Trade and Commerce to and from any French Colony or Plantation that may be captured by or surrendered to- His Majesty'g

Arms, or thatmay be put under the Protection of His Majesty, or that-may npt take Part with His Majestys

Enemies in the present Hostilities, should be regulated for a certain time in such manner as shall seem proper

to His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, notwithstanding the special Provisioni of any Act or Acts of Parliament that may be construed to affect the fame* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the paffingr of this Act, xt shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be issued from time to time, to give such Directions and make such Regulations touch* fog the Trade and Commerce between any such Colony or Plantation and any Part of His M^ety's Dominions, as to His Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and fakitary; any thing contained in an Act, pafiediatbe Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and inereqfing of Shifting and Navigation, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding'

if. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatever shall be imported into or exported from any such Colony or Plantation, or shall be exported from any Part of His Majesty's Dominion* to any such Colony or Plantation, or if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize (kall .be so imported or exported to any maimer whatever, contrary to any such Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council, the lame shall be foafefaed, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize And] respectively- be imported or exported, with all her Guns, Ammunition, Furniture, Tackle and Apparel; and every such Forfeiture dull and may be sued for, protocoled and recovered by such and the like ways, means sod method#, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may be (ued for, protocuted and recovered, in Places where respectively the Offences shall be committed* aid the1 produce thereof ftudl be dispotod of, paid and applied, in like manner in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom Or U£ag* ta<the contrary m any Wise notwithstanding.

>III. And be it further tna&ed, That this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of July One thbn-toad eight hundred and sixteen.

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Cfebe, Linds, belonging to their Benefices, for others of greater Value, or more conveniently situateid fqr their Residence and Occupation; and for annexing such Houses and Lands, fp taken in Exchange to such Benefice* as Parsonage or Glebe House6 and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe m certain Cases j and for other Purposes. [Sih July 1315.]

WHEREAS in divers Ecclesiastical Benefices, Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chape Wes, the Glebe Lands, orfome Part or Parts thereof, lie at a Distance from and are inconvenient to be octujfied with the Parsonage or Glebe Houses, and the Parsonage or Glebe Houses of divers Behefieefc, Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries, are mean and inconvenient; and it would often tend much to the Comfort'*mid Accommodation and thereby ahb to promote the Residence of the Incumbents of such Benefices, Per^ 4 petual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries, if the Glebe Landsxad Parsonage or Glebe Houfrs thereof could be by Law exchanged for other Lands of greater Value, or more conveniently fttuated, and for other and more convenient Houses: And Whereas there are also divers Lands and Tenements which have been adenftomed to*be granted or demised by the Incumbent for the time being of certain Ecclfefiastical B^riefices, Perpetual Cu- rams or Parochial Chapelrks, for One, Two or Three Lives, or for a Term or Terms of Years abfohttefy or determinable on a List or Lives, as being bolden by Copy of Court Rbll or otherwise, under fame Manor 4 or Lordship belonging to such Benefices, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries, and it would therefoot be advantageous to the said Benefices if the fame Lands and Tenements, or fame of them, or4 fame! 4 Part thereof, were annexed as Glebe to the Living or Benefice to which they belong May it therefore* pkafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The KBhg's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of rife Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aim Commons, in this prefect; foment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, fronrand after the paffipg of this Act, it shall} be lawful for the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent for theim& befog, - of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, 'Fer^ petual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, by Deed indented, and to be registered in manner herein after menw tioned, and with the Consent of the Patron of such Benefice, Perpetiial Curacy or Parochial' Chspeby, bnd of the Bishop of the Diotefe wherein the fame is locally (ituue (to bt figuifico as hwfoaftti it mentioned)*

to

Power to exchange Parson-ege Houses and Glebs Lands for other Houses end Lands.

4*>

Ailing ni.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

to grant and convey to any Person or Persons, and to his, her or their Heirs and Assigns, or otherwise, at he or they shall direct or appoint, or to any Corporation, Sole or Aggregate, and his or their Successors, the Parsonage or Glebe House, and the Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances thereof, and the Olebe Lands, and any Pastures, Feedings or Rights of Common or Way appendant, appurtenant or ia gross, or any or either of such House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Glebe Lands, Pastures, Feedings, or Rights of Common or Way, or any Part or Parts thereof, belonging to any such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in lieu of and ia exchange for any House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances, and any Lands, or any or either of them, whether lying within the local Limits of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry or not, but so as that the fame be situate conveniently for actual Residence or Occupation by the Incumbent thereof, the fame also being of greater Value or more conveniently situated than the Premises lo to be given in Exchange, and being of Freehold Tenure, or being Copyhold of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, holden of any Manor belonging to the fame Benefice, and also for the Parson, Vicar or Incumbent for the time being of the fame Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, by the fame or a like Deed, and with the like Consent, and testified as aforesaid, to accept and take in Exchange to him and his Successors for ever, from any Person or Persons, or Corporation Sole or Aggregate, any other House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, Easements and Appurtenances, and any other Lands, or any or either of such House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Easements and Appurtenances, the fame respectively being of Freehold Tenure, or being Copyhold of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, holden of any Manor belonging to the fame Benefice, and being of greater Value or more conveniently situated, in lieu of and in Exchange for such Parsonage or Glebe House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, Glebe Lands and Appurtenances, and such Pastures, Feedings and Rights of Common or Way, or any or either of them, so to be granted and conveyed, and which said House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands and Appurtenances so to be accepted and taken in Exchange, by any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent, shall for ever, from and after such Grant and Conveyance thereof, be the Parsonage and Glebe House and Glebe Lands and Premises of the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall become annexed to the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and be holden and enjoyed by such Incumbent and his Successors accordingly, without any Licence or Writ of j4d quod damnum; and that the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the said House, Outbuildings Writ of A4 Lands and Premises so to be annexed, which before such Annexation were of Copyhold Tenure, shall for qu°d damnum, ever, from and after such Annexation, become and be of Freehold Tenure, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to authorize the granting or conveying in Exchange by any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent, either at one and the same time, and by one and the fame Incumbent, or at different times, and by several Incumbents, and in several Portions, any greater Quantity in the whole than Thirty Statute Acres of the Glebe Lands of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry: Provided also, that in all cases when such Exchange shall be made by any Owner or Owners having any less Estate or Interest than in Fee Simple of or in the Messuage, Buildings, Lands and Premises so to be by him, her or them granted or conveyed in Exchange, or being any Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or Person or Persons under any legal Disability, the Parsonage House, Outbuildings and Glebe Lands respectively to be so taken in Exchange as aforesaid, shall at the time of making such Exchange be of equal Value with, or not of less Value than the said Messuage, Buildings, Lands and Premises respectively so to be granted and conveyed in Exchange to such Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent.

II. Provided always, That in all cases where the Lands or any Part or Parts thereof to be conveyed in Premises gives Exchange to any Parson, Vicar or Incumbent, and to be annexed as Glebe to any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy in Exchange or Parochial Chapelry, under the Authority of this Act, shall either separately or jointly with other Lands tithes &c as* or Tenements be, at the time of such Conveyance by any means whatsoever, exempt or discharged from the d)0fe t^en Render of Tithes in Kind, or subject to or covered by any Modus, Composition Real or Prefcnption in lieu Exchange (ei-of Tithes in Kind, then the Lands or Premises to be conveyed in Exchange by such Parson, Vicar or In- cept in certiia cumbent, and which before such Exchange were Glebe of or belonging to the fame Benefice, Perpetual Curacy cafel*)

or Parochial Chapelry, shall (unless it be agreed bet wen the Parties to such Exchange that the same shall become and be subject to the Render or Payment of Tithes in Kind) from and immediately after such Conveyance in Exchange (in case such first mentioned Lands are situate in the same Parish, Vicarage or Parochial Chapelry, with the said Lands or Premises before Glebe thereof, or belonging thereto, but not otherwise) become and be either exempt or discharged from Tithes in Kind, in like manner with or (as the Case may be) subject to or covered by the fame Modus, Composition Real or Prescription in lieu of Tithes in Kind, as the Lands so to be conveyed in Exchange to the said Parson, Vicar or Incumbent, were exempt or discharged from, or subject to or covered by, before such Exchange was made.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Incumbent of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or After Exchange Parochial Chapelry, wherein or in respect whereof any such Exchange as is authorized by this Act shall have In.chenl not taken place, or his Successors, shall at any time thereafter be evicted or ejected from the peaceable and quiet eTI e*Possemon and Enjoyment of the House, Outbuildings, Lands and Premises, or any of them, which shall have been granted and conveyed in Exchange to such Incumbent, according to the Provisions of this Act, by or by reason or in consequence of any Person or Persons, or Corporation Sole or Aggregate, claiming Right thereto, through any Title prior to that of or through any Defect of Title of the Person or Persons, or Corporation Sole or Aggregate, granting or conveying the fame in Exchange; but nevertheless that it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, or Corporation, claiming such Right, and he, - (he or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to have, uie, exercise and enjoy all such and the fame Powers and oi 3 G 2 Remedies

4*

Power to annex Premise* belonging to Manors, and heretofore grantable and demifable as Copyhold or otherwise.

Such Annexations not to annul exiting Grants ox D«-miles.

Power to annex Parsonage Houses, &c. by Benefaction.

Writ of Ad quod derrmum.

[Proviso.]

17 G-3-c. 53.

41 G. 3. c. 66.

C. 147. js° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Rttnediee In tiding his, her or their Right tft and in'obtaining and recovering Poffrffion bf any House, Outv buildings, Land and Premises, or any of them, which shall have been granted in Exchange by any such Incumbent, as the Person or Persons, or Corporation Sole or Aggregate, so claiming would, m case this Act had nbt been made, have been enabled to life, exercise and enjoy in trying the Right to and in recovering and obtaining Possession of the House, Outbuildings, Lands and Premises, or any of them, in Exchange for which the same shall have been so granted and conveyed by any such Incumbent, under the Authority of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, of or to which Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, any Manor or Lordship is Parcel or appurtenant, and as Parcel of or belonging to which Manor or Lordship any Lands or Tenements are or have been usually granted or demised, or grantable or demifable by Copy of Court Roll, or otherwise, for any Life or Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years absolutely or determinable on any Life or Lives, by Deed indented (and to be registered as herein after mentioned) with the Consent of the Patron and Bishop (to be testified as herein after mentioned) to annex to the said Beneficei Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, as and for Glebe Land, or Parsonage or Glebe House Or Houses and Buildings thereof, all or any Part or Parts of such Lands or Tenements, whether lying within the Local Limits of such Benefice, Perptrafl Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or not, and that from and after such Annexation the said Lands and Tenement*' so annexed shall cease to be thereafter grantable or demifable by any Incumbent of the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry (otherwise than as Glebe Lands are or shall be by Law grantable or demifable) but shall from thenceforth be and become, and be deemed and taken to be the Glebe Lands and Parsonage bC* Glebe House or Houses of and annexed to such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, fdrever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum; the Statute Of Mortmain, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that 00 (belt Annexation shall in any wise annul, determine or afffeft any Grant or Demise then previously made and a6faally drifting of the said Lands and Tenements so to be annexed as last aforesaid.

V. And Whereas it is expedient to enlarge and amend the Laws now in being for providing Parsonage Houses with suitable Outbuildings and other Accommodations for the Residence of the Clergy, by way of

Benefaction Be it further enacted, That where there shall be no existing Parsonage or Glebe House on any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or where the existing Parsonage or Glebe House, or the Outbuildings thereof, on any such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be inconvenient or too small or incommodiously situate, it shall be lawful from and after the passing of this Act for any Person or Persons, being Owners in Fee Simple, or for any Corporation Sole or Aggregate, with or without Confirmation, as the case may require, and by and with such Consent, and to be signified as herein after mentioned of the Incumbent, Patron and Bishop, to give, grant and convey, by Deed indented, and to be registered as herein after is mentioned to any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent of such Benefice, Curacy or Chapelry, for the time being, who shall also have Power to accept the fame, any Messuage, Outbuildings, Yard, Garden, Orchard and Croft, or any of them, with their Appurtenances, or any Right of Way, or other Easement, whether lying within the Local Limits of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry or not, but so as that the lame be conveniently situate for actual Residence or Occupation by the Incumbent thereof; and which Messuage, Outbuildings, Yard, Garden, Orchard and Croft, with their Appurtenances or Right of Way, or other Easement, shall for ever from and after such Grant and Conveyance thereof be and become annexed to and be deemed and taken to be the Parsonage or Glebe House, Outbuildings, Yard, Garden, Orchard, Croft, Appurtenances and Right of Way, or other Easement of the said Benefice, Curacy or Chapelry, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and be holden and enjoyed by the said Incumbent and his Successors accordingly, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum; the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding; and from and after such Grant and Annexation it shall be lawful for the Incumbent for the time being of the said Benefice, Curacy or Chapelry, to which such Grant and Annexation shall have been made, (with the Consent in Writing of such Patron and Bishop tinder their Hands and Seals to be duly registered as herein after is mentioned), to take down and remove any rarfonage cnr Glebe House, and Outbuildings, or any Part thereof, which before such Annexation belonged to the said Benefice, Curacy or Chapelry (if the fame or Part thereof cannot be better applied to the permannnt Advantage of such Benefice, Curacy or Chapelry), and with the like Consent as aforesaid, to apply the Materials, or the Produce thereof, if fold, towards some lading Improvement of the said Benefice, Curacy or Chapelry: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to enable any Persons being Infants or Lunatics, or Femes Covert without their Husbands, to make any such Gift, Grant or Conveyance; any thing in this Adfc contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Building* and Tenements, for the Use of their Ben fees: And Whereas one other Act was passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign 4* of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Ref denee of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provison for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing or purchasng Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Ben fees: And Whereas there are many Ecclesiastical Benefices, Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries to which no Glebe Land, or only a small Portion of Glebe Land is belonging; and it is therefore expedient to enable the making Provision by Purchase, for the Annexation of Glebe Land to such Benefices, Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries Be it therefore

15 further

A.D. 18Y5; 55° GEORGII III. C. 147/ 41

farther enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it ftiallbe lawful for the Parfdn, Vtesfcr at other Powor topw-Incumbent for the time being, of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, the ex* chafe Laid, ifting Glebe whereof shall not exceed Five Statute Acres, with the Consent of the Patron and Biftop^ to be signified as herein after mentioned, to purchase any Lands not exceeding in the whole' Twenty Statute Acres, with the necessary Outbuildings thereon, whether being within the Local Limits of the said Benefice, Per* petual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or not, but so as that the fame be situate conveniently for building a Parsonage or a Glebe House, and Outbuildings, and for Gardens and Glebe thereof, or for any of the said Purposes, and for actual Residence and Occupation by the Incumbent thereof, such Land being of Freehold Tenure, or being Copyhold of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, holden of any Manor or Lordship belonging to the fame Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry 5 and which Lands so purchased shall for ever, to be annexed t* from and after the Grant and Conveyance thereof, be and become annexed to and Glebe of such Benefice, Per-petual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to all Intents and Purposes-whatsoever, and be holden and enjoyed by such Incumbent, and his Successors accordingly, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum; and the Copyhold Land Whole or any Part or Parts of the said L^nds, which before such Annexation were or was of Copyhold Te*- so purchased mire, shall for ever, from and after such Annexation, become and be of Freehold Tenure 5 the Statute of Mort- hoWen as Free-main or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstandrag.; hold

VII. And, for the better effectuating such Purchases as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall be andbyMort-lawful for such Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being, with the Consent of the Patron and all'e^Sum

Bishop (to be signified as herein after is mentioned), to borrow and take up at Interest (over and besides the for fuel*Pur-"1 Monies authorised to be borrowed under the Authority and for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the chafe. Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty)such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be certified by a 17 G. 3. c. 53. Valuation upon Oath of some skilful and experienced Surveyor to be the true and just Value of the said Lands at the time of the Purchase thereof, not exceeding Two Years clear Income and Produce of such Bentfice, no^«ceedi»g) Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, after deducting all Taxes and other Outgoings whatever, except the Two Yean net Salary to the Assistant Curate (if any) 5 and as a Security for Repayment of the Money so to be borrowed, Inco^, e4 / to mortgagethe Tithes, Rents and other Profits and Emoluments of or belonging to such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to any Person or Person who shall advance such Money by One or more Deed or Deeds (to be registered a* herein after mentioned)for the Term of Twenty five Years, or until the Princi-'T pal Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the fame, and all Costs and Charges attending the Recovery, '

thereof, mall be fully paid off and satisfied; which Mortgage Deed or Deeds shall bind, as well such Parson,

Vicar or other Incumbent of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, executing such Mortgage or Mortgages, as also his Successors, and a Counterpart thereof shall be executed by the Mortgagee 0T Mortgagees, and.be kept by the Incumbent; and the Parson, Vicar or Incumbent for the time being of fifth Bene £ce. Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall and he is hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees yearly and every Year, as the same shall become due, or within One Month afterwards, as well the Interest of the Principal Money secured by such Mortgage or Mortgages, as also the further Sum of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the Principal Money originally advanced on such Mortgage or Mortgages 5 and that every Incumbent who shall not reside Twenty Weeks in every Year upon such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, computing each Year from the Date of the First or only Mortgage Deed, shall and he is hereby required, instead of the said Sum of Five Pounds per Centum per Amum, to pay within the Period aforesaid the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum of the Principal Money originally advanced on such-Mortgage or Mortgages, until the whole of such Principal Money, with the Inreten, Costs and Chargee shall be fully paid off and discharged 5 and that every such Incumbent who shall pay only Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of such Principal Money shall, at the time of Payment thereof^ produce and deliver to the Mortgagee a Certificate under the Hands of Two Rectors, Vicars or other Officiating Ministers of some Parishes near adjoining, signifying that he had redded Twenty Weeks upon tke said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, within the Year for which such Payment became due; and in Default of Payment of the Principal, Interest, Costs and Charges in manner aforesaid, the Bishop shall have Power to sequester the Profits of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, until such Payment shall be made 5 and if at any time or times the said Principal and Interest, or any Part thereof, shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Forty Days next after the yearly Day of Payment whereon the same shall have become due, it shall be lawful for the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to recover the fame, or such Part thereof as shall be so unpaid, and the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by Distress and Sale, in such manner as Landlords are or shall be by Law authorized to recover Rents in Arrear; and in order that the Payment of the fame Principal and Interest may, in cases of Avoidance by Death or otherwise, be justly and equitably ascertained and adjusted between the Parson, Vicar or Incumbent avoiding such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or his Representatives, and his Successor, in such Proportions as the Profits of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall have been received by them respectively for the Year in which such Death or Avoidance shall happen, such Payment shall in case any Difference shall arise in settling the Proportions thereof, be ascertained and determined by Two indifferent Persons, the one to be namedby the Person making such Avoidance, or his Representatives in case of his Death, and the other by the said Successor 5 and ia case such Nominees shall not be appointed within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after such Death or Avoidance, or in case they shall not agree in settling such Proportions within the Space of One Calendar Month after they shall have been appointed, the same shall be determined by some neighbouring Clergyman to be nominated by the Bishop, whole Determination shall be final and conclusive between the Parties.

4i4

Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty empowered to lend Money.

Colleges may lend with or without Interest.

Consent of Patron and Bishop to all Deeds of Exchange, Mortgage or Purchase.

Powers executed by Archbishops and Bishops having Peculiars.

Power to Owners to convey on Exchange or Sale.

Premises exchanged settled to lame LJfes.

Application of Purchase Monies of Premises fold.

C. 147. 5$P GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, for promoting the Purposes of this Act, it shall and n*ay be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, from and out of the Monies which have arisen or shall from time to time arise from that Bounty, to advance and lend, in respect of each Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, the clear annual improved Value whereof shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, without Interest, but for Repayment of the Principal whereof such Mortgage as is hereinbefore mentioned shall be executed 5 and also to advance or lend, for or in respect of each Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, the clear annual improved Value whereof shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, any Sum not exceeding Two Years yearly Income of such Benefice upon such Mortgage as aforesaid, and to receive Interest for the fame at any Rate not exceeding Four Pounds per Centum per Annum.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any College or Hall within the Universitiei of Oxford or Cambridge, or for any other Corporate Bodies, being Owners of the Patronage of Ecclesiastical Livings or Benefices, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money of which they have the Power to dispose, for the Convenience of the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry within the Patronage of such College or Hall, upon Mortgage as hereinbefore directed, either upon Interest or without any Interest.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent as aforesaid, shall be desirous of effecting any Exchange, Purchase or Mortgage under the Provisions of this Act, the Consent of the Patron and Bishop to every Deed of Exchange, Conveyance or Mortgage shall, before the same shall be signed and sealed by the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent, be signified by the said Patron and Bishop respectively, being made Parties to, and signing and sealing the said Deed in the Presence of Two or more credible Persons, who shall by Indorsement thereon attest such signing and sealing, and in which Attestation it shall be expressed that the fame Deed was so signed and sealed by such Patron and Bishop before the Execution thereof by such Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent.

XI. And Whereas there are within divers Dioceses certain exempt Jurisdictions called Peculiars belonging

to the Archbishops and Bishops of other Dioceses, and it is expedient that all the Powers and Authorities given

by this Act to the Bishop of the Diocese should as to such Peculiars be given to the Archbishop or Bishop

to whom the fame respectively belong Be it therefore further enacted, That all and every the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Bishop of any Diocese shall, with respect to the several Peculiars locally situated within such Diocese, be vested in and exercised by the Archbishop or Bishop to whom such Peculiars shall respectively belong, and not by the Bishop within whose Diocese such Peculiars shall be locally situated, but that within all and every Peculiar and Peculiars belonging to any other Person or Corporation than Archbishops or Bishops, such Powers and Authorities shall be vested in and exercised by the Bishop of the Diocese within which such Peculiars shall be locally situated.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, whether such Owner or Owners shall be a Corporation Sole or Aggregate, or Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Life or Lives, and for the Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands or Committees of or aAing for any such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making any Exchange or Purchase authorized by this Act shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert or Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or otherwise disabled to aA for themselves, himself or herself, by Deed or Deeds indented, and to be registered as herein after is mentioned $ and with such Consent, and to be signified as hereinbefore is mentioned, of such Incumbent, and of the Patron and Bishop, to grant and convey to any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, any Messuage, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Lands, with their Appurtenances, or any Messuage or Outbuildings only, or any Lands (with or without necessary Outbuildings) only of such Owner or Owners, in lieu of and in Exchange for any Parsonage House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Glebe Lands, and Pastures, Feedings and Rights of Common, or any of them, or any Part thereof, of or belonging to any such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or (in cases of Purchase), to sell and convey to such Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent any Lands not exceeding in the whole Twenty Statute Acres, with the necessary Outbuildings thereon, for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be certified to be the true and just Value of the fame at the time of such Sale thereof, by a Valuation to be made as herein after is directed; and which said Parsonage House, Outbuildings and Glebe Lands so to be granted and conveyed in Exchange by any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent (with such Consent and in such Manner as aforesaid), shall for ever, from and after such Grant or Conveyance thereof, be and become vested in and settled upon the same Person or Persons, and to, for and under the same Uses, Estates, Trusts and Limitations, and subject to the fame Powers, Conditions, Charges and Incumbrances at the said Messuage, Outbuildings, Lands and Premises so to be granted and conveyed in Exchange were vested in, settled upon and subject to before such Exchange thereof, or would have been vested in, settled upon and subject to in case such Exchange had not been made; and which said Sum or Sums of Money to be received for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments shall in all cases where the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased belong to any Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Infant, Feme Covert, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Person or Persons or Corporation, who would have been entitled to the Rents, I flues and Profits of such Lands or Hereditaments, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied or laid out under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified by an Order

16 made

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 147. 415

made upon a Petition to be perferred by or on behalf of the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents, Issues and Profits of such Lands or Hereditaments), in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Payment of any Debts or Incumbrances affe£ling the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled to the fame or the like Uses, or in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be conveyed, settled and made subject to and for and upon such and the like Uses,

Trulls, Limitations and Dispositions, and in the same manner as the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Purchase and Conveyance shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in some one of the Public Funds of this Kingdom, and the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in case no Purchase and Conveyance thereof had been made under the Provisions of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirued Persons fncapa-to extend, to enable any Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or Tenant in Fee Tail General or Special, qr for citate(l "otto Life or Lives, or the Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands or Commit- Exchange)* tees, of or ailing for any such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making any Sale authorized more than Five by this Act, shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert or Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or Acre*, otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself or herself, to fell or convey (except by way of Exchange, as in

manner by this Act directed) any Lands or Grounds whatsoever, for any of the Purposes of this Act, exceeding the Quantity of Five Statute Acres.

XIV. Provided also, That in all cases where any Exchange or Purchase shall be made under the Authority Where Ex-of this Act, Six Calendar Months previous Notice, describing the Particulars, Extent and Situation of the change or Pur-Premises respectively to be given and taken in Exchange or purchased, shall be given of the Intention a.de I*" to make such Exchange or Purchase, by the Insertion of the fame Notice for Three successive Weeks in some g; ve, f.r V °U^one and the fame Newspaper of and in general Circulation in each County wherein the Premises so to be given

and taken in Exchange or purchased, or any Part thereof, are situate; and also by affixing such Notice in Writing on a conspicuous Part of the Door of the Church or Chapel of each Parish or Chapelry wherein such Premises or any Part thereof are situate, on Three Sundays successively whereon Divine Service shall be performed, and shortly before the Commencement of such Service on each Sunday in such Church or Chapel.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Exchange or Purchase is intended to be made under the Map and Valua-Authority of this Act, a Map or Maps under an actual Survey, on Oath (which Oath any Justice of the Peace

is hereby-authorized to administer) by some competent Surveyor to be approved of by the Patron, Bishop and premifcgiven Incumbent, shall in cases of Exchange be made and taken of the whole of the said Glebe Lands, or of such and taken in Part or Parts thereof as will sufficiently enable the Bishop to judge of the Convenience and Expediency of the Exchange or proposed Exchange, and also of the Glebe or Parsonage House, Buildings and Premises, any Part of which it purchased. is proposed to exchange, as well as of the other Lands, House, Buildings and Premises, proposed to be taken in Exchange; an 1 shallin cases of Purchase be made and taken of the whole of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased; and in cases of Exchange the fame Surveyor shall in like manner make a Valuation on Oath (to be administered as aforesaid) of the said Glebe Lands and Glebe or Parsonage House, Buildings and Premises, and also of the Lands, House, Buildings and Premises intended to be taken in Exchange, and in cases of Purchase the fame Surveyor shall in like manner make a Valuation on Oath of the Lands or Hereditaments so intended to be purchased; and every such Valuation shall include and difiin&Iy specify the Value of all Timber and other Trees growing thereon, and of the Rights of Common, and of all Mines, Minerals and Quarries (if any), and of all other Rights, Profits and Advantages whatsoever (if any) to the said Premises or either of them, or any Part or Parcel of the fame, respectively belonging.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases, as well of Exchange as of Purchase under Bishop to issue thii A6i, the Bishop, on receiving such Map or Maps and Valuation shall, if he shall in the first Infiance so far Commufion of approve of the said Exchange or Purchase, issue a Commission of Enquiry under his Hand and Seal, directed to En<F, ry*

such Persons as he shall think proper, not being fewer than Six in Number, and of whom Three at the leafi shall be Benefited Cler gymen actually resident in the Neighbourhood of the Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, where to it shall be proposed to annex any Buildings or Lands by Exchange or Purchase under the Authority of this Act, and of whom One shall be a Barrister at Law of Three Years Handing at the IcaH, to be named by the Senior Judge in the laH preceding Commission of Nisi Prius for the County in which the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be situate, and the Return to which Commission of Enquiry shall be made and signed by a Majority of the Persons therein named, after an actual Inspection by them of all the Premises, with such Map and Valuation before them, and not otherwise, and Three at leafi of the Persons making and signing the same shall be either Three such Beneficed Clergymen actually resident as aforesaid, or Two at leafi of such Beneficed Clergymen resident as aforesaid, together with such Eafrifier as aforesaid; and in no case whatever shall any Exchange or Purchase be effected under the Authority of this Act, unless such Commission shall have been previously issued and returned, and unless the Return to such Commission, so made and signed as aforesaid, shall certify that, after an actual Inspection and Examination of the Premises, such Exchange or Purchase, in the Judgment of the Persons making the said Return, is fit and proper to be made, and will promote the permanent Advantage or Convenience of the Incumbent of such Befiefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and his Successors in the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Patron of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Paro- Consent for Pa-cliiil Chapelry, to which the Provisions of this Act extend, shall happen to be a Minor, Idiot, Lunatic or Feme trons in case of

Covert,

4t6 Q. 147, 148, 149. 5^5° GEORGII III.

A.tX f $1^.

Minority, Lunacy or Marriage.

Consent where Livings belong to The Crown, or to Duchy of Lancaster.

Deeds and In. struments deposited in Arch* bishop't or Bishop'a Re. giStry.

Fee* of RegiC-ttftr.

In what case Forms in Sch. I7G-3* c*53* ax G. 3. c. 66. fed for Ad.

Act not to rental any former

Covert, it shall and may be lawful for the Guardian, Committee or Husband of every such Patron to transact the several Matters, and execute the requisite Deeds as aforesaid, for such Patron, who shall be bound thereby in such manner as if he or she had been of full; Age or found Mind, or F*me<Sofe, badrdonu fuqfi AdHPfd

r executed such Deeds.

XVIII. Provided al(b, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Patronage of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to which the Provisions of this Act extend, shall be in The Crown, and such Living or Benefice shall be above the Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in The King's Books, the Coafeat of The Crown to the several Proceedings hereby authorized respecting such Beriefiee, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be signified by the Execution of the Deeds or Instruments hereinbefore directed»by the Lord High Treasurer or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury for the time being; but if such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall not exceed the Yearly Value of'-Twenty^ Pounds in The King's Books, such Consent shall be signified by such Execution by the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being; and if such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be within the Patronage of The Crown, in Right of the Duchy of Lancaster^ then such Consent shall be signified by the Execution of such Deeds or Instruments by the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the time being.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That one Part of all Deeds and Instruments to be made and executed in pursuance of or for carrying into Execution this Act, together with the Maps and Valuations, and the Commifions of Enquiry and the Returns to the fame, hereinbefore directed, shall, withia Twelve Calendar Months next after the Date or Dates thereof, be deposited in the Office of the Registrar of the Diocese wherein such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be locally situate, to be perpetually kept and preservfed therein, except as to those Benefices which are under the peculiar Jurisdiction of any Archbishop or Bishop, in which case the several Documents before mentioned shall be deposited in the Office of the Registrar of that peculiar Jurisdiction, to which any such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy 4»r Parochial Chapelry mall be subject, and such Registrars shall respectively so deposit and preserve the lame* and shall give and sign a Certificate of such Deposit thereof to be written on a Duplicate, or on any other Part or rarts of the said Deeds, or any or either of them, or on some other separate Parchment, Paper or instrument; and every such Deed or instrument shall be produced at all proper and usual Hours at such Registry, to every Person applying to insped the fame, and an Office Copy of each such Deed or instrument, certified under the Hand of the Registrar (and which Office Copy, so certified, the Registrar shall in all cases grant to every Person who shall apply for the fame) shall in all cases be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence thereof in allCourts whatsoever; and every such Registrar shall be entitled to the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more (over and besides the Stamp Duty, if any) for such Commission and the previous Requisites thereof; and the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, for io depositing as aforesaid the Deeds, Settlements, Map, Survey, Vkluetion, Commission and Instruments, and so as aforesaid certifying such Deposit thereof; and the Sum of One Shilling and no more for each such Search; and the Sum of Six pence and no more (over and besides the said Stamp Doty) for each Folio of Seventy two Words of each such Office Copy, so certified as aforesaid.

XX. And be it farther enacted, That such of the Forms contained in the Schedules of the said recited Acts of the Seventeenth and Twenty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are applicable to - the Provisions of this Act, and with such Variations thereof as shall render them so applicable, shall be used and applied to the Purposes of this Act as fully and effectually as if the fame were hereby enacted and made Part 01 this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to repeal or abridge any Law now in force, enabling any Person or Corporation Sole or Aggregate, to augment or improve any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry.

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

'*[6th July 1815.]

" TREASURY empowered to raifp .4^500, ood. by. Exc^qnpr Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. u f. I. — § I, 2. Treasury to apply Moqey raised.^3. Principal of said Bills charged on First Supplies u of next Session. $4. Interest thereon of 3 % d\fcr Ccpt. per Bicm\ f 5. Said Bills to be current at the u Exchequer after April 5. 1816. — §6. Bant Of England empowered to advance 4, 500, 0001. on credit of u Ad, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 26.-.§'7. y:

: 'V 'CAP. CXLIXV V

An Act for raising the Sam of Y)ne million five hundred themfantl'Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

'7'rJV [6th 1815.]

\on the Hie Term as under 148. of this Sfffion*]

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII IU.

C. 150.

417

Commissioners

appointed.

CAP. CL.

An Act for reQtfyiag Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to rectify Mistakes made in the naming or describing Persons appointed

Commissioners by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for appointing 54 G- 3. c. 190. 4 Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty

a Duty on Pensione and Offices in England $ and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of

Hie present Majesty % for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a lAnd Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the < Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and there may be occasion to appoint

other Persons to put in Execution the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also an Act of this Session of Parliament, Ante, c. 3.

intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Dutiee on Malty Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensione, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; May it therefore ple&le Your Mmefty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons herein after named shall and may and ace hereby empowered and authorized to put in Execution the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners in and for the several ami respective Counties and Places of Great Britain herein after feveraQy and respectively mentioned and expressed. as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the fold Ad of the last Session of Parliament, and properly described therein; that is to say,

- rTkn follow the Lift of Names for the several Places.]

And no Mistake in the spelHng of the Christian or Surname of any Person or of any Place mentioned in the fold Ad of the last Session of Parliament or this Act, shall be construed to vitiate the Appointment of such Person to be a Commissioner, so that the Person or Place mentioned be designated therein to common Intent and Understanding, or to fubied any Person so designated to any Pains, Penalty or Forfeiture for his acting in the Execution of the Acts herein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Persons appointed by the said Act or this Act,

shall severally have the Qualifications required by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An ASfor granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be ratfed in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also of an Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His majesty by a Laud Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty as relates to the Qualifications of Commissioners, and shall be fubied to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts respectively.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where in any City, Liberty or Place, the Qualification shall consist of Personal Estate, it shall be lawful for any Person having a Personal Estate of the Value required by the said Acts or either of them, to act as such Commissioner, in all cases where such Person shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such Personal Estate by and upon the last Assessment then made for such City,

Liberty or Place, by virtue of any Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, passed before the making of such Assessment; any thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas several Persons may have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts without having been properly named as'Commimoners by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled An Act for appointing Commffsouers for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament,

f°f fra9ttn& to His Majesty a Duty on Pensione etna Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for muting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One tnonfondseven hundred and ninety eight; and others named in former 1 Acts of Parliament to be Commissioners may have been omitted in the said Act of the last Session of ParEament, and may have acted as aforesaid, before Notice of such Omission: And Whereas it is expedient,

that such Persons should be indemniied for ibch acting, and that all Acts by them done should be confirmed and made validBe h therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts done by any such Persons in the Execution of the said Acts, or of any other Acts to be executed by such Commissioners, shall be and are hereby declared to be valid; and that au Personal Action* and Suks^ Indictments, Informations, and all Promotions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Pferfod of Persons, for or by reafoooof fisch acting, are declared to be vend by virtue of this Act, and shall be quaffed and determined j and that if aay Adioo or Suit Audi be peofocuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reafim of such acting, such Person or Persons may plead the General I flue, aid give this ^d and the 8pecM Mints in Evidence.

MispellingName not to vitiate appointment of Commissioners.

Qualification of Commissioners. 38 G. 3. e. $ i $)» — 96.

38 G. 3. c. 48.

Penalties. Personal Estate Qualification in certain cases.

54 G. 3. C. 190. 38 G. 3. c. 5.

Persons improperly named having acted as Commissioners indemnified.

General Iffiit.

55 Gw> HI.

418 C. 151.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

CAP. CLI.

An Act to amend the Laws for imposing and levying of Fines, in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better and more speedy Collection of Fines upon Town- lands and other Places in Ireland, in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits, and to make further Provisions for the Suppression Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

54 g. 3 c. 150. and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after $ 5, 6. the Commencement of this Act, so much and such Parts of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Regulations contained in several Acts of Parliament for imposing and leving of Fines upon Parishes, Townlands and other Places, in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits Anu, c. 1*. §1. in Ireland, or of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the Commencement of this Act,

in pax t repealed.

Fine* in future to b« levied on Townlands, & c.

Proviso for Fines heretofore imposed on Parishes.

Ante, c. 12. 5 5.

54 G. 3. c. 15a §30.

Ante, r. 12. 5 3.

whereby it is enacted or provided, that any such Fine shall be imposed or levied on any Parish at large within which the Place shall be situate where any Offence shall be committed in respect of any unlicensed Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, found or used in such Place, shall be and the lame is and are hereDy repealed; and that, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every such Fines and Fine in respect of any such Offence, shall be imposed and levied upon any Townland, Quarterland, Balybow or other Place, District or Division whatever (other than a Parish at large) within which such Place shall be situate, and on which, under all the circumstances of the case, it shall appear expedient to the Court at any Assizes or Presenting Term that any such Fine should be imposed and levied 5 any Clause, Matter or Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the imposing or levying of such Fines on any Parish at large, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that all and every such Fines and Fine which may have been imposed on any Parish at large, at any time before the Commencement of this Act, and all Arrears thereof respectively, which shall not have been fully levied before the Commencement of this Act, shall be levied and paid under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been had or made.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend several A3s relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Distillation in Ireland, to the Warehousing of Spirits, and to the securing the Duties of Exctfe on Spirits distilled, and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland, it is enacted and provided, for the Purpose of preventing any Neglect or Delay in the Collection and Distribution of Fines

3- c-15°-, c.ii. §3.

in part repealed. Sums retained in Treasurer'* Hands to answer Fine on Parities, applied it) Payment of Fines as have not have been fully levied, as directed by 54 G. 3. c. 15c,

Ante, c. 12.

expedient,

Session and this present Session of Parliament should be repealed, whereby it is provided or enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Court or Judge at any Assizes or Presenting Term or Quarter Sessions, to fiat or otherwise authorize the Payment or Application of any Sum of Money, for the making or repairing of any Road, or the building or repairing of any Bridge, or for the Building or repairing of any Sessions House or other Public Building, or for the performing or carrying on any Public Building or other Public Work whatsoever (except as in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament is excepted) in any Barony, Half Barony, City or Town, within which any Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division shall be situate, on which any Fine or Fines shall have been imposed under the said Act, until all and every such Fines or Fine imposed at any previous Assizes or Presenting Term shall have been duly and fully paid Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every the Provisions and Regulations, Clause and Clauses, in the said recited Acts or either of them contained, whereby the Court or Judge at any Assizes or Presenting Term or Quarter Sessions, is or are prohibited or prevented or restrained from ordering the Discharge of any accounting Affidavit, or from fiating or authorizing the Payment of any Money for any of the Purposes aforesaid, until all such Fines shall have been duly levied as aforesaid, and all Matters and Things in the said recited Acts relative to such Prohibition or Prevention or Restraint as aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby repealed. '

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the Court or Judge at any Assizes or Presenting Term before the Commencement of this Act shall have directed that the Amount of any Sums levied oft any Parish, Townland, District or Division, by virtue or in pursuance of any Presentment of any Grand Jury, for any Roads, Bridges or other Public Works whatever, should be retained in the Hands of the Treasurer of any County, County of a City or Town, for the Purpose of being applied in Payment or Satisfaction of all or any Fines or Fine which ought by Law to have been levied on or off such Parish, Townland, District.or Division under the said recited Act, or until such Fines should be duly levied; all such Sums, or so touch thereof as shall be requisite, shall be applied in Payment and Satisfaction of all or any such Fine or Fines, as at the Commencement of this Act shall not have been duly and fully levied upon and off such Parish, Town-land, Place, District or Division respectively, and shall be pajd, applied and distributed accordingly, in manner directed by the said recited Act; any thing in this present Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient to make effectual Provisions for the collecting and levying such Fines, pursuant to the Power given to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for that Purpose, iix and by the said hereinbefore recited Act of this present Session of Parliament, and for the more effectual

16*suppressing

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 151. 419

suppressing illicit Distillation in Ireland\ by affording a sufficient Number of Assistants to the Collectors of such Fines, and to the Officers of Excise in the Execution of their Duty* Be it therefore enacted, That When Commis-whenever the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall be of Opinion that it is necessary or expe- sioners of Excise dient that such Assistants should be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, the said Commissioners shall ^.ee j* exP*l communicate such Opinion to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or to the Commissioners for executing int d

the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for trie time being; and upon receiving the Concurrence and Appro- to Collectors, bation of such Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, the said Com- &c. they Hull, missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall cause Notice to be given under their Hands, or the Hands of any with Concur-Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has been deemed expedient by the said Lord ^ence High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, upon the Representation of the said Commissioners of 0

Inland Excise and Taxes, that such Assistants shall be appointed within any County, County of a City or Gazette.

Town respectively, from and after such time as shall be mentioned in such Notice.

V. And be it further enacted, That after such Notice shall have been given in the Dublin Gazette as afore- After Notice, said, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to nominate and Commissioners appoint by Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them (or under the Hand -

of any Collector of Excise for any District, who shall be thereto specially authorized in Writing under the AilHlantTto^ Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them), one or more Person or Persons to be aiding and Collc&orsin*assisting to any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for the collecting and levying any levying Fines; such Fines; and in like manner to nominate and appoint any one or more Person or Persons to be aiding and also Assist-and assisting to any Excise Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons authorized to act or assist in en-forcing the Law for the Suppression of illicit Distillation; and all such Persons so appointed shall accordingly ij[[* be aiding and assisting to such Collector in the levying of such Fines, and in doing all Matters and Things imillation, necessary or requisite for the effectual levying and collecting such Fines according to Law, and shall also be aiding and assisting to such Excise Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons in enforcing the Law for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, in such manner as shall be required by such Collector, Officer or other Person; and all and every Person and Persons who shall resist or oppose any such Collector, Excise Officer or other Person or Persons aforesaid, or his or their said Assistants, in the Execution of their Duty under the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be and are hereby declared guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be proceeded Misdemeanor. against and punished accordingly, in like manner a9 other Persons guilty of any Misdemeanor, may be proceeded against and punished under any Act for the preventing of illicit Distillation in Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to pay or cause to be paid to such Assistants, such Sum and Sums of Money for their Trouble, as to the said Commissioners, with Approbation of the Lord High* Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, shall fefem fit, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings for each and every Day in which such Assistant shall be employed or engaged in such Service, together with the reasonable Expences incurred by such Collectors,

Officers or other Persons, and such their Assistants, in the Performance of such Duty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whenever any Person shall be appointed by the Com- On Appoint-

missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, for the collecting and levying any such Fines within any County, ment of Excise County of a City or Town in Ireland, all Powers of Baronial or other Collectors shall cease and determine, p^Power of with respect to the levying such Fines as shall remain unlevied at the time of such Appointment; and if any Collec-

Baronial or other Collector or other Person, who immediately before such Appointment was empowered to t0rs to cease. levy any such Fine, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up all and every Warrant and Warrants in his Hands,

which shall not have been fully executed, to the Person so appointed by such Commissioners, in manner required by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, then and in such case all such Warrant and Warrants shall cease and determine, and be of no Force, Virtue or Effect; and it shall be lawful for On Refufnl by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or Town, and he is hereby authorized and required, without Baronial Collec-Delay, to grant to the Person or Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners, and requiring the fame, a new Warrant or Warrants, or Duplicate Warrant or Warrants, in which he shall insert the Name or surer to grant Names of the Person or Persons so appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, for the collecting and levying neW Warrants of all such Fines as at the time of such Appointment shall not have been duly and fully levied, or for the to Excise Cc»l-collecting and levying so much thereof as shall not then have been duly and fully levied; and in case any such h&or. Treasurer shall refuse to deliver up any Warrant, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of this Ante, c. 12. §5. Session of Parliament, or to grant any new Warrant or Warrauts, or Duplicate Warrant or Warrants, in manner required by this Act, and such Refusal shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court or Judge at the Assizes for the County, County of a City or Town, it shall not be lawful for such Court or Judge to fiat any Presentment for the Salary of or for any Per Centage or Allowance payable to such Treasurer.

1 VII. And Whereas it may have happened and may happen that certain Inhabitants of Districts or Places 1 in Ireland on which Fines have been or may be imposed in respect of Offences against the Acts in force for the Suppression of illegal Distillation in Ireland, or other Persons, may, for the Purpose of procuring time to

detest and prosecute the Persons actually committing such Offences, have undertaken and agreed, or may undertake and agree to pay the Amount of such Fines, or Part thereof, to the Collectors or Persons authorized to levy such Fines, and may have given and entered into or may give and enter into Securities for the

Payment of such Fines, or Part thereof, to such Collectors or other Persons, and it is expedient to declare such

Agreements and Securities to be valid; Be it therefore enacted, That every Contract, Agreement or Un- Agreement*, dertaking, and every Bond, Bill, Note or other Security which at any time before the Commencemont of this Securities made Act may have been, or which at any time after the Commencement of this Act shall or may be made, given or J, ud ment entered into by any Inhabitants or Inhabitant of, or any Proprietors or Proprietor of Lands within any p^Thy Inhi

3 H 2 District

4^° 51

55° GEORGII II.

A.D. 1815.

>iu»tfc*o ft v P&P& or Place*/rfAffA^on which any Fine may have heretofore been or shall hereafter be a&nafly Distrias fined to imposed in respect of any Offence against any Act or Acts in force for the Suppression of illegal .Diuttlation

ri w____9 t__ -_ __________ — ___r______.t_ _^_______ ^t a a _ 11^r

Collector of Fines.

v/ 4 if - 0 )

I'tauied levied, and recovered./

in Ireland\ pr by aay other Person or Persons whatsoever, for feesuring the Payment to- any Collector or Person authoi^zedtolevy apy such Fine or Fines, of any such Fine orpines, or any Part therepf, by ?ny such Inha-K bkant ppi^priet^jr, /or other Person or Persons, on behalf of all or any of the Persons liable, to the Payment of fncUpipe or Fines within such District or Plaoe, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good^ valid effect^al.in, the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money so contracted or agreed, or secured to be paid to any such Collector or other Person, shall be paid to such Collector Of other Person at such time as shall be mentioned in any such ContraA, Agreement, Bond, Bill, Note or othpf Security; or in Default of Payment thereof it shall be lawful for such Collector or Person authorized ^toJevy such Fine or Fines, to levy the Amount of all and every such Sums and Sum of Money upon the Person or Persons who shall have contracted or agreed or given Security to pay the same, or, upon any other Person or Persons within the District or Place on which such Fine or Fines shall have been imposed, or upon ^aJiffeAs of any such Person or Persons, by all such ways, means and methods, and with all such Powers ^Authorities as are given for the levying any such Fine or Fines by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts inTofce for thfe Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland, to all Intents and Purjpofe6 as if such S^i^y xhad Tiot been given $ or it shall be lawful for such Collector or other Peripn with whom such ContraA or Agree-Tment shall have been made or to whom such Security shall have been given at any time either before.or tfee .Commencement of this Act, to proceed at his Option against the Party who shall have made or *9

pr given such Agreement, ContraA or Security for the Amount of the Suni or ^Sums contracted pr .ftgiggd or Secured to be paid by such Party a9 for a Debt due to His Majesty, his Heir<s, apd Successors.; and ^uph ..Debt shall be recoverable and recovered by all such ways and means apd with all fiy; h.Powers find Authentic* as are given by Law fb^r the Recovery of Debts due to The Crown by any Act or Acts in Fqircp in IrrU^nd; and it shall be lawful for any Person who shall have paid, or who shall pay, any fuqh Sum or on Whom the same shall be levied or against whom the same shall be recovered in ipanner 'PPocsid

for the Re-imbursement to him of the Money so paid by or levied on him, against any Person pr liable

to the Re-imbursement of any such Fine or Fines, under, or by virtue of the Provisions of the h^whefore recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; and it shall be lawful for the Persons so having paid fuqb Money to recover and receive the same in manner and under the Regulations in the said last recited Act iftt that behalf specified and contained with respect to the Re-imbursement of, any such Fine or Fines as aforesaid*, j-»t

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Court or Judge at any Assizes or Pre fen ting Term shall fine any Townland, Quarterland, Ballybow, Manor, Lordship or other Place, District or Division whatever,

included in lTl an? ^um Money un(ler or by virtue of any of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts for the Sup-

m predion of illicit Distillation in Ireland, the said Court or Judge shall direct the Treasurer of the County,

County of a City or Town, to include in his Warrant for levying any such Fine, the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of every such Fine, in Addition to the Amount of every such Fine respectively; and which said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound shall be levied in like manner, and with the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies, in case of Nonpayment thereof, as are provided by Law with respect to the levying of any such Fine or Fines; and the Amount of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound so levied, mall be paid to or received, or kept or retained to his own Use, by the Person who shall levy and colleA the Fines in respect of which such One Shilling in the Pound shall be payable respectively, and wno shall be authorized to colleA and levy the same under the Provisions of the several Acts hereinbefore recited, or of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts for preventing illicit Distillation in Ireland..,

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fines and Fine which shall be imposed at any time after the Commencement of this A A, upon any Townland, Quarterland, Ballybow or other Place, District or Division whatsoever (other than a Parish at large) under the Provisions of any Act or Acts in force relating to the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, after deducting thereout the Costs of recovering the fame (if such Costs shall not be paid by the Direction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign), but where such Costs shall be, so paid, then the whole of such Fine without any DeduAion shall be applied in manner following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof (or of so much thereof as shall remain after deducting the Costs in the case aforesaid shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or Town, to the Officer of Excise who shall have given the Information to a Justice of the Peace, and who shall have appeared pursuant to his Recognizance to prosecute the fame, and shall be applied by him in rewarding himself and his Assistants, in such manner and according to such Proportions as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall direct; and in case the Person giving such Information shall not be an Officer of Excise, then such Moiety shall be paid by such Treasurer, according to the Directions of the Court, either to such Informer, or to such Justice as aforesaid, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or otherwise promoting the Suppression of unli-censed Stills within his Jurisdiction; and the other Moiety of every such Fine or Fines (or of so much thereof respectively as may remain after deducting the Costs in the case aforesaid) shall be paid by every such Treasurer to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Townland, Quarterland, Ballybow or other Place, District or Division whatsoever so fined shall be situate, to be applied by such Collector, under the Orders and Directions of the, said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in or towards the Expences incurred by Payments made or to be made to any Persons appointed to assist the Col-JeAors or Excise Officers or other Persons as aforesaid in the colkAing any such Fines, or in the Suppression of illicit Distillation within such Townland, .Place, District or Division; and the Remainder, if any, after Payment of fg£k Expences* shall be applied in such manner; as any other Monies received by such Collector are by

14 Law

j Jb \ w

Pet {pa* paying; Sum* may pro? reed for Rp-iin-bursement as under

54 G. 3 c. 150. §26.

Shilling in the Pound on Amount of Fines Treasurer*s Warrant, and paid to Collector of Fines.

Fines paid, One Moiety to Informer, &c. and other to Collector of Et ife of Dirtrilt, applied in Payment of Afliftanu under Act.*

A.D. 1815. GE(W.GII III. C.i5r.

ts# applicable; any thing in the said recited Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign to

the contrary notwithstanding.

X*. And, for the more easy and speedy Re-imbursement of any Inhabitant or Landholder in any Townland, Place, District or Division, upon or by whom any Fine shall have been or shall be levied or paid by virtue of any Warrant ifftied or which shall be issued for the levying of such Fine, under any Act or Acts for the Suppreffioii of illicit Distilhtion in Ireland, be it enacted, That the Treasurer of every County, County of a City or Town, within which any Tuch Fine shall have been or shall be levied, shall from time to time, within Fourteen Days after issuing any Warrant for the levying of any such Fine, and whenever thereto required by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, County of a City or Town, transmit to such Clerk of the Peace a true Copy of any and every such Warrant, signed by the Hand of such Treasurer; and such Copy shall be preserved by such Clerk of the Peace among the Records of the County; and that upon the Trial of any Action or Suit by Civil Bill by any such Inhabitant or Landholder, for the Recovery of any such Fine against the Owner of any unlicensed Still, or other Person subject to make such Re-imbursement, such Copy of the Treasurer's Warrant so transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, shall be deemed sufficient Proof that the Fine or Penalty therein mentioned had been imposed and levied, without other Proof of the imposing or levying of such Fine or Penalty.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the Commencement of this Act, any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, in the serving of or the attempting or endeavouring to serve any Notice or Notices, for the Purpose of proceeding thereon to impose a Fine or Fines upon any Townland, Manor or Lordship, or other Place, under any Act or Acts for the Suppression of the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, shall be killed, or shall be beaten, wounded or bruised, or shall be forcibly taken or carried away or detained, by any Person or Persons, so as that such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, shall be rendered incapable of attending, or shall be prevented from attending at such Assizes or Presenting Term, for the Purpose of giving Evidence in support of any Information which may or shall have been given, for proceeding to impose such Fine, or of giving Evidence touching the Service of such Notice, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom such Information shall have been returned to be tried, if it shall appear to the said Court that such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons had been so killed or beaten, wounded or bruised, or carried away or detained, whereby the Attendance of such Officer or Person shall be prevented, and such Court is hereby required, upon Production of such Information, and upon Proof of the Hand-writing of the Justice to such Information, before whom the fame had been (worn upon the Oath of any One credible Witness (if such Court shall fee sufficient Evidence upon the Face of such Information, of the Existence of the Fasts and of the Offence charged therein) to impose a Fine pursuant to such Information, in like manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, had appeared before such Court, and had been or were then and there personally examined, and had given Evidence of the Service of the Notice, and in support of such Information: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall take away or affect the Right which any Inhabitant of any such Townland or Place shall or may have by Law to traverse or to offer to controvert the Fasts stated in any such Information.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall be found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, on which all Duties payable by Law shall not have been duly paid, or for which, if the Quantity shall exceed One Gallon, a proper Permit shall not be obtained for the Removal thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall be found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his or her Care, Custody or Possession, any unlicensed Still, Still-head, Worm or Appendage of a Still, except removing from or to a Brazier, or Mender or Maker of Stills, under a proper Permit; every such Person shall in each and every the respective case and cases aforesaid, be deemed

fuilty of a Misdemeanor; and if convicted thereof, shall, exclusive of any other Punishment to which such 'erson may be subject, forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, as the Court shall in its Discretion think lit to be paid to the Prosecutor; and such Persons so convicted shall be imprisoned until such Fine shall be paid: Provided always, that the time of such Imprisonment shall not in any case exceed the Period of Six Calendar Months.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall be found passing in any Part of Ireland, or be found on board or discovered to have been on board any Boat or other Vessel being in any Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek, River, Lake, Canal or Dock in Ireland, or within Eight Leagues of the Shores of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Custody, any Keg, Calk or Vessel, which before had contained any Spirituous Liquors diffilled in Ireland, on which all Duties payable by Law had not been duly paid (and in all such cases Proof that the Duties on such Spirits had been duly paid shall be upon the Party so found) every such Person, except in the case herein after provided, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer such Punishment as in other cases of Misdemeanor; and every such Keg, Calk or other Vessel, and every Horse, Mare, Mule, Afs or other Beall of Burthen, and every Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggon or other Vessele, and every Boat or other Vessel with all her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, employed in conveying or carrying the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise 5 and it shall be lawful for any such Officer or Officers, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to flop, arrest and detain all and every Person or Persons whatever so found passing or on board or discovered to have been on board such Boat or other Vessel, and to convey all and every such Person and Persons before any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, residing near the Place where anj such Person shall be so taken and arrested; and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, and he is

hereby

421

S4 O.*c. 150.

On Trials for Re-tmbu> foment of Inhabitants who have paid Fine imposed, Copy of Treasurer s Warrant sufficient Proof.

If Officer, &c.

serving, &c. Notice of proceeding to recover Still Fine, killed, &c. Court shall impose Fine, if Information contains sufficient' Evidence of Offence;

Proviso for Right of Tra-veife.

Persons conveying illicit Spirits, &c.

Misdemeanor.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Imprisonment.

Persons found passing, &c. with any Calk or Vessel which had contained illicit Spirits.

Misdemeanor,

&c.

Officers feising Kegs, &c. forfeited.

422 C.i5i*

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181.5.

Imprisonment.

Having Malt, or Corn or Grain making into Malt) unlawfully in Possession.

Misdemeanor.

Bail.

Imprisonment.

Pleading.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Second Offence.

Miller in whose Mill Malt found without Permit.

[Penalty.]

Powers of 54 G. 3. c. 150. extended to Act.

Conftmed as One Adh Recovery of Penalties.

14 & 15 Car. 2. (1.) Sess. 4. c. 8.

Appeal.

Commencement of Aa.

hereby required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; that such Person was £b found or taken or discovered as. aforesaid (unless such Person shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he had paid for or bona fide agreed to pay for his Passage on board such Boat or Vessel, and that he was no way concerned in the Property of such Boat or Vessel, or of the Spirits, or Keg, Cask or Vessel, as the case maybe), to hold such Person to 'Bail, with Two sufficient Sureties for the Appearauce of such Person, to answer to any Indictment or Information that may be brought against him or her in that behalf 5 and in case any Person 10 liable to be held to Bail, shall make default in finding such sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until such Bail shall be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Person to the Gaol of the County, Town or Place, in which such Person shall be arrested, to answer as aforesaid.

XIV. And Whereas the illicit Distillation of Spirits is increased by Means of Corn made into Malt being*obtained by Persons without Permit, or otherwise contrary to Law* Be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Malt ground or unground, of any Corn or Grain wetted or deeped, to be made into Malt, shall be found in the Possession of any Person whatsoever in Ireland, not entitled by Law to have the fame in his or her Custody or Possession 5 or if any Person or Persons shall be found passing in aqy Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Possession, any Malt ground or unground, or upon which all Duties by Law payable thereon shall not have been paid, or for the Removal of which a proper Permit shall not have been granted; or if any Person or Persons shall be found passing m any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Custody, any Corn or Gram'wftted or deeped, wherewith or with Intent to make the lame into Malt; every such Person so offending in any of the respective case and cases aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it mall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to arrest, flop and detain all and every Person and Persons found or discovered as aforesaid, and to convey all and every such Person and Persons before any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, residing near the Place where any such Person shall be so taken and arrested; and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Proof on Oath, by One or more credible Witness or 'Witnesses, that such Person had committed any of the Offences aforesaid, to hold such Person to Bail, with Two sufficient Sureties for the Appearance of such Person to answer to any Indictment or Information that may be brought against him or her in that behalf 5 and in case any Person so liable to be held to Bail, shall make Default in finding such sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until such Bail shall be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Person to the Gaol of the County, Town or Place in which such Person shall be arrested, to answer as aforesaid; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person, he or she shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the fame 5 and every Person convicted of the Offences aforesaid, exclusive of all other Pains and Penalties to which such Person may be subject, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, as the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted shall in its Discretion think fit, to be paid to the Prosecutor, and such Person so convicted shall be imprisoned until such Fine shall be paid: Provided always, that the time of such Imprisonment shall not in any case exceed the Period of Six Calendar Months, and for the Second Offence of a like nature, such Court shall sentence such Person so convicted, to be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, whenever any Malt shall be found by any Officer of Excise in the Mill of any Miller in Ireland, if on Demand by such Officer a Permit or Certificate, as the case may require, of force for such Malt, shall not be produced within a reasonable time after such Demand, all such Malt shall be forfeited and may be seized; and the Miller in whose Mill any such Malt shall be found, without such Permit or Certificate, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in the said hereinbefore recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for imposing and levying of Fines in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except only so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, so far as the same are compatible and confident with each other; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or inflicted by this Act, shall and may (in all cases not otherwise provided for by this Act) be sued for, recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Way8 and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impof upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Ireland, is provided.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect in the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, in Ireland, on and from the First Day of the Summer Affixes in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in every such County, County of a Qity and T0WH respectively.

A.D. 18.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 152* 4^3

CAP. CLII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards repairing Roads between. London and Holyhead, by Chester, and between London and Bangor, by Skrewsbury. [11th July 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Greqt

Britain, and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having granted to Your Majestythe Sum of Twenty Post. c. 187.

thousand Pounds for this present Year, towards defraying the Expence of repairing, altering or constructing § »5«

such Roads as shall appear to be most immediately necessary for facilitating the Commanication between

London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Banff or Ferry by Shrenvsbury, whereby the Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland will be beneficially promoted/ do most numbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and -

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of any Monies granted for the Supply of the ao, ooool. issued present Year there shall and may be iffubd and paid, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great outofExche-Britain, the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, without any Deduction whatever, to the Commissioners to Com-herein after named; which Sum shall be applied by the said Commissioners towards the repairing, altering, mak-

ingor constructing such Roads as shall be judged proper, in the manner herein after directed, and to no other sifts,*/.

Ule or Purpose whatsoever: Provided always, that the said Commissioners may invest the said Sum of provif0i Twenty thousand Pounds in Exchequer Bills, or India Bonds, to be lodged in the Bank of England, until the same shall be applied in manner herein dire died.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain Treasury to sp-for the time being shall order and direct some fit and proper Person or Persons to make a Survey or Surveys point Persons to of the Roads which it shall be deemed most advisable to repair, alter, make or construct, between London make Survey of and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor Ferry by Shrewsbury; and such Person or ^tioned^to Persons shall report upon Oath his or their Opinion thereupon, together with an Estimate of the Expence of j^upon ° the repairing, altering, making or constructing respectively each of such Roads, to the said Lords Commis- Otth, with Efti-sioners of His Majesty's said Treasury, who, or any Three or more of them, shall thereupon refer such Sur- mate of Expence vey. Opinion and Estimates, to the said Commissioners herein after named; which said Commissioners shall of Repairs, &c. then consider and determine which of the said Roads so surveyed and reported upon, and eftiroated, shall be repaired, altered, made or constructed, in the manner herein directed, and shall cause a List and Description Commissioners. thereof, referring to such Survey, to be published in the London Gazette; and such Lift and Description and Oefcrip-shall also be sent to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for every and each County through tions of Roads*which the said Roads, or any of them, do pass: Provided always, that if the said Lords Commissioners of inserted in Lon-His Majesty's Treasury shall be satisfied with any Survey or Surveys, and Estimate or Estimates, already don Gaxelte, made of any such Road or Roads, it shall and may be lawful for them to refer the same to the said Commil- fcc* sioners herein after named, who shall advertise and fend Lifts and Descriptions of the fame in the manner herein directed; and the repairing, altering, making or constructing of such Road or Roads, may be thereupon proceeded upon, pursuant to this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable William Vefey Fitz Gerald, Chancellor of Commissioners. His Majesty's Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; the Right Honourable Robert Peel, Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, or the Chief Secretory to the Lord Lieutenant for the time being 5 the First CommissidTler of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being 5 the Right Honourable John Maxwell Barry, Sir Thomas Mojlyn Baronet, Sir Henry Parnell Baronet, Charles Wat kin WiL Rams Wynne Esquire, Dawes Giddy Esquire and William Smith Esquire, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and they are hereby directed to meet from time to time in London or Westminster, for the Purposes of this Act; and at all such Meetings, in case of an Equality of Chairman cast-Voices, the Chairman shall have a casting Vote. ing Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One or more of the said Commissioners to W*111 Commis-execute the Provisions of this Act; but that no Act shall be done by any of the said Commissioners, unless the flonerl Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, or the First Commissioner of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or One of the/n, shall be present

at such Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any In case of Va-Oneor more of the said Commissioners, it shall and may'be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint such «ncy His Person or Persons as He may think proper, to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and tjbat every Person so Majesty may nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be inverted with all the fame Powers as are delegated luppy

to the Commissioner appointed by this Act in whose Room such Person shall bp so nominated. r

VI. And be it enacted, That as soon as the said Commissioners shall(haye, determined which of the said When Roads Roads so reported upon and estimated shall be repaired, altered, made or constructed, the said Commissioners determined on, shall direct an Account to be opened in the Books of the said Commissioners for fuel} Roa<), and shall place to Account opened, such Account a Sum equal to such estimated Expence 5 and such. Road shall be forthwith directed to be0

repaired agreeably to the Plan and Survey herein directed to be made, or such other Plan as may upon placed to it. subsequent Confederation be approved by the said Commissioners, so that the Execution thereof shall not exceed the said estimated Expence.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

CommifBoMn

may make

May tAe Ofoutv^ makiof Satirfi&ion to Owoert.

in ca£e Parties cuom agree. V«k>e feukd by Jury.

Hew Expeace

*aW.

ft*.

Gmdm^Bx*

AppKcaiioo of Parduto Money moot-lag toiooL be-

Per*

Where Money leftthan 200l. and exceeding 261.

Where left than 20 L.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That each and every such Road shall be repaired in conformity to the Plan and Sorvey thereof approved of in the manner herein directed: and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to make such Contracts or Agreements with fkflful Persons, and their Sureties, for the repairing, altering, making or conflnicting of such Road or Roads, and to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, who may from time to time, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, draw for the necessary Sums to defray the Expence thereof; and such Payments from tune to time shall be placed to the Account of the said respective Roads.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Comauffionert shall be and they are hereby empowered to 'take and acquire all such Ground* as may be necessary for the repairing, altering, making or constructing of the said Roads, making such Satisfaction to the Proprietor or Proprietors, and Occupier or Occupiers, as can be agreed upon by and between the said Commissioners and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers; and in the Event that they cannot agree, then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded by a Jury of Twelve Persons, summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of the County in such manner as Juries are summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in England, whose Determination is hereby declared to be final; and in the Event that such Jury shall award a larger Sum than may have beea offered by such Cops-missioners, the Expence attending such J ury shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies ttupffcrred to the Account of such Road in manner herein directed; and if such Jury shall award no more or any Sum less than that offered by the said Commissioners, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the Person or Persons who shall not have agreed with such Commissioners: Provided always, that in case where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trusteesf. such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees f: Provided always, that after haring offered to any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands such Sum as such Commissioners shall think reai-fonabk, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands for the Purposes of this As: Provided abb, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to take any Land or Ground whereon any Houses Hand, nor any Garden, Orchard, Planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purch&fed, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents, Annuities or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds or more, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of England, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or: Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame fhalLbelaid out and inyefted under the like Directions and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which mail be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, TnjfU, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making speh Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Cfourt to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds then and in all such cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardians or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be either paid into the Bank of England* and be placed to his or their Account, m order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two TrufUes to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far at the case be applicable.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid aa next before mentioned shall be left than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lu-

nacy,

GEORGII- IH.

O.ISJ. 4J, j.

iardie BeetibetAwkAifce-# Pfltfetos so

A.D. 18ri£.

nacy, fcii, Har»or'lWW OwM<uBworCofni

entitled respectively.*.-; », cN'*, ts

XII. And be it further enact*d, Tbnt it And and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, aiuI£4flh?P<U>

Ion nr Persona as shall be appointed by Order of any Three or mdre of the said Commissioners, to take and carry away any Gravel, Evrze, Heath, flaad, Stones and other Materials for waking or rapnitiOg ^e iafed Roactyoot of the (eteral Geousds of any Pcvfon or Perfinu, not being the Ground whereon any Houses stand, nor a Garden, Orchard, Planted Walk or Walks, Lawn, or aay Avenue to any House, nor any Pieee or Parcel of Ground set apart and used as a Nnifeejr for Trees, except such Gravel Pits as have been opened Exception and used for the Purpose of repairing any Roads wttnin Three Years previous to the passing of this Act, where 5, such Materials are or may be found, and from time to time to cause the same to be carried away, or so much thereof as the Person or Persons so to be appointed shall judge necessary for repairing, altering, making or con-ftrofttng the Roads aforesaid, paying only the Dtiffiage done to the Owners and Occupiers of the said Groundsefpe€ti*ely, where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken away or over which the fame biii be owned.

Kill. And be it enacted, That in aH cases where the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds do not agree with the said Commissioners concerning the Amount of Damages done by digging gravel or other Materials necessary to be taken for the mating and repairing the said Roads, the fame mall be determined £y.any Two Justices of the Pence of the Counties respedivaly; bnt such Difference between the Commissioners and the Owners or Occupiers shall not in the mean time hinder die carrying off and ufiag any Gravel, atones, S4ud nr other Materials, and applying the same-to wards making or repairing the said Roads j and, the Deter mi Ration of such Justices is hereby declared to be final.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionert for the Purposes of this Act shall, su^jgy Three or more of them, are hereby empowered to appoint and employ such. Clerks, rMcffeagfrs sua^l.pfScers, ys

'they shall think fit, and to pay and allow to each and every of such Clerks and Officers fu<£ Sunt or Sums'of Money as the said Commissionert shall think proper, in Compensation of their Services, which Clerks ^dD&cjeys «e betvby required faithfully to execute the Trull severally and respectively to be repose^ ip thjro, yutLjojit taking*r r*'0* r*1 " J r?J* -

Three < or Officers,

out of the Monies hereby granted..,

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, on or before the Fifth Day of J^iiy One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, report their Proceedings in Writing, together with such Observation aas they shall think proper, under the Hands and Seals of them, or any Three of them, to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all new Roads, or Parts of Roads, and all Alterations in any Roads which flxall or may be made under or by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed apd taken to be, and shall become to all Intents and Purposes, Parts of those Roads to which the old Roads or'Parts of Roads (in lieu whereof such new Roads, or Parts of Roads, or Alterations in Roads shall be made) did belong before the making of such new Roads, or Parts of Roads, or Alterations of Roads 5 and such new Roads, or Parts of Roads, or Alterations of Roads shall be subject to all such Trulls, and to all and every such Acts and Ad'of Parliament, and to all Provisions in any such Act or Acts contained, as such old Roads or Parts of Roads are by law subject to at the time of the passing of this Act.

XVII. Provided alf, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to

extend to lessen, repeal or alter, or in any wise affect any Toll or Tolls granted and made payable under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of the passing of this Act, upon any Road or Roads authorized to be repaired or altered under or by virtue of this Act, but that all such Toll and Tolls shall continue and he paid tad payable to all Intents and Purposes; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding., {

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be

deemed or construed to extend to aker or lessen, or in any way to affect any Bonds, Mortgages or other Securities whatsoever granted for Money, advanced on the Credit of any Toll or Tolls, or any Ro^d or Roads authorized to be altered or repaired under or by virtue of this Act; but that all such Bonds, Mortgages and ptfier Securities, shall remain good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: and that all and every Persons and Person having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of any Toll or Tolls, shall remain in the same State as if this Act had never been had or made; and that all such Person or Persons so having advanced aay such Money on the Credh of such Tolls, shall have all such Remedies for the recovering of the Sums so advanced, and of all Intereil or Dividends payable thereon, as they now have under any Act or Acts of parliament in* force immediately before the passing of this Act; any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. "

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until Ten Days' Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action mall be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster % and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Action shall and may plead

the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and Osnertl JflWe. that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act \ and if the same shall appear so to be 55 Geo. III. 3 I done,

GravrfiAffdtfcet Materials takes out of Grounds where ftnmsL

vM

nSwr

c '*<.\ M vri, V

Damages in ging for Mate-rialfc&ttied tgM Two Jutlicea, in case of Dispote.

Clerks am! Officers appointed*

V fKl*' H

Pttc&dhip r*! p6rfed on ctfbe-/ott July1*1816.*

New Roads to become Parts of former Roads.

All not to affect prefect Tolls;

nor Mortgages granted for Money advanced on Cxeditof; ToUk-,

Limitation- of Actions.

Where brovgbt*

4*6

Treble Costt,

Postmaster General may etta-WkW Peefutt mmI Mail* for

Bait Indies, Sec.

Rates of Pottage.

Rates for News-«

C 152, 153. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

done, or if such A&ioa 00 Suit shall be brought after the time hereiobefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Ten Days* Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Plaoe, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury fiall find for the Defendant or Defend-dants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become noafutted, or foffer a Discontin nance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other cases of Law.

CAP. CLIII.

An Act for granting certain Rates on the Postage of Letters to and from Great Britain, The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies; and for making certain Regulations respecting tKo Postage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain. [utb July 1&15.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Extension and Improvement of Commerce and Correspondence^ and of His Majesty's Revenue, that Vessels be employed by His Majesty* Postmaster General for the Conveyance of the Public Dispatches of Government, and also the Mads of Letters and Packets between this Kingdom, The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The Emfi Indies; and that such Vefels should, in certain cases, be permitted to carry Goods on Freight 5* Be it therefore enacted by The King*s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any time after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and fof His Majesty's Postmaster Genera), with the Confeat of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to establish Vessels for the Conveyance of the Public Dispatches of Government, and also Mails of Letters, and Passengers, between this Country, The Cape of Good Hops, The Mauritius and The Bad Indies; and that from and after the Establishment of such Vessels, it shall and may he lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by such Vessels from the Port of London, or from any other Port in Great Britain, to The Cape of Good Hope* The Mauritius, or to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchant# of England trading to The East Indies save and except the Dominions of the Emperor of China), according to the Rates and Sums, in Sterling Money, herein after mentioned, the feme being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce; that is to fey,

For every Single Letter, Three Shillings and Six pence:

For every Double Letter, Seven Shillings;

For every Treble Letter, Ten Shillings and Six pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, Fourteen Shillings \ and so in Proportion for Letters and Packets above the Weight of an Ounce:

And for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by such Veflirls from any Port or Place in The Bast Indies, within the Limits of the said United Company'# Charter save and except the Dominions of the Emperor of China), or from The Ca/e of Good Hope, or The Mauritius, to the Port of London, or to any other Port in Great Britain, the Rates ana Duties following j that is to fey.

For every Single Letter, Three Shillings and Six pence:

For every Double Letter, Seven Shillings:

Tor every Treble Letter, Ten Shillings and Six pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, Fourteen Shillings; and so in Proportion for Letters and Packets above the Weight of an Ounce 2

And for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by such Vessels between The Cate of Good Hope, or The Mauritius, and any Part of the Continent of Act*, and be* tween The Cape of Good Hope, or The Mauritius, or the Continent of Ada, and all intermediate Places, and between all the intermediate places respectively, the Rates and Dories following; that is to fey,

For every Single Letter, One Shilling and Nine pence:

For every Double Letter, Three Shillings and Six pence:

For every Treble Letter, Five Shillings and Three pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, Seven Shillings; and so in Proportion for Letters and Packets above the Weight of an Ounce.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to send and receive by any Mails dispatched to and from The East Indies, The Mauritius and The Cape of Good Hope, any Newspapers or printed Prices Current, and also any printed Papers liable to the Stamp Duties, and duly stamped, paying for the feme Three pence for each Packet, not exceeding One Ounce; and for each Packet exceeding One Ounce, at the Rate of Three pence per Ounce; and provided that the fame be sent in Covers open at the Sides or Ends.

III. And, wafinmeh as it may on some Occasions be of Advantage to Correspondence, that Letters and Packets should be sent to and from The East Indies and The Cape of Good Hope, by His Majesty's Ships of

War and Store Ships, and by the Ships in the Service of the said United Company failing between this Country

and

A.D. 181j.

55° GEORGII m.

c. 153. 4*7

4nd ht&a, and The Cape of Good Hefr, mid by Ship! employed in the Private Trade to and from IndiaBek

therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General in his Discretion, Mails carried by

by and with the Conferit wf the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, to make up and fend Mails of Letters Ship of Wwf

tar sad from any Port or Place in The East Indies, within the Limits of the said United Company1# Charter

(fare and except the Dominions of the Emperor of China), and to and from The Cape of Good Hope, by any of

His Majesty's Ships of War and Store Ships, or by any of the Ships in the Service of the said United Company,

or by Ships employed in the Private Trade to and from India; and that when and io often as Mails of Letters

shall be ft> conveyed, k ftuill and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General and his Deputies, for the Use

of His Majesty, his Heirs and Socctffors, to demand, have, receive and take the fame Rates and Duties, as if Rite*.

the Letters were conveyed by Vessels or Packet Boats, to be established under the Authority of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commander of any such Ship of War, with the Consent and Command* Permission of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the Commander of any such Ship in the Service of uthorimd the said United Company, with the Consent of the said Company, and the Commander of any Ship employed receiTe in die Private Trade to and from India, with the Consent of his Owners, is hereby authorised and required ^0 receive, on board his Ship, such Mails of Letters and Packets, and to convey and deliver the fame accordingly 5 and such Commanders respectively shall not incur or be liable to any Penalty for receiving on board or conveying such Letters and Packets in manner aforesaid; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said United Company, or the Commander & L Company of any Ship in the Service of the said Company, or any Commander of any Ship in the Private Trade to p<2»J^b*rgeDt and from InSa, to charge, demand or receive any Rate or Rates of Pottage for any Mails of Letters, other inb* and except airy such Pottage as may be legally due to the said Company for the Inland Pottage, or con-

eeyance of any such Letters ia India, or for any sealed Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters, which may at any time be forwarded by the Poftraar&er General, by the Ships of the said United Company, or by any Inch Private Ship.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Postmaster General, Gc-

whenever the Ships of the said United Company, or any Private Ships, are employed as Packets, to pay Cmn«my*for the hud United Company, and the Owners of any such Private Ships, for the Freight or Conveyance of any Conveyance of such Mails of Letters, such reasonable Sum, and in such manner, as shall be authorised and directed by the Mails.

Lords of the Treaftfry, or any Three of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a Mail shall be made of and dispatched to India once in every Montk,

it for as may be found practicable, either by the Vessels to be established and hired by the Postmaster General y under the Authority of this Act, or by a 8hip of War, or a Ship in the Service of the East India Company, or by a Ship employed in the Private Trade to and from India.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Postmaster General, in such G#o<U»Ikwsd Proportions and in such Manner as the I xml* Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or

snore of them, shall by Warrant in Writing direct (any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding), to 1 permit the Exportation on Freight, or on account of the Owners, or of the Public Service, in such Vessels or Packet Boats navigated according to Law, from the Port of London, or any Port or Ports within the Kingdom cf Great Britain, or any intermediate Port between Great Britain and The East Indies, to all Ports «n4 Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, and to the Idands of Saint Helena,

The Mauritius and The Cape of Good Hope save and except the Dominions of the Emperor of China) any Goods, Wares and Merchandize (Tea excepted) which can now or may at any times hereafter be legally Exctpt Tea, exported; and also to permit the Importation on Freight, or on account of the Owners, or of the Public Service, in such Vessels or Packet Boats navigated according to Law, from all Ports and Places withm the Limits of the said United Company's Charter, and from The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and the I {land of Saint Helena save and except as aforesaid) into the Port of London, or any Port in Great Britain, wf any Goods, Wares and Merchandize which are now or may at any time or times hereafter be legally imported 5 fabje& nevertheless to the several Restrictione, Conditions and Limitations in this Act contained.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enft&ed, That it shall and may be lawful to ship, carry or put on Quantity of To board, or permit or suffer to be shipped, carried or put on board such Vessels or Packet Boats, and any Ships on fcosrd Kmitsd. or Vefliris legally trading to and from The East Indies, such Quantity of Tea as shall be requisite for the Use

wf the Crew of any such Ship, during the Voyage, not exceeding Two Pounds for each Man on board 5 and in case there shall be found on board any such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, on their Arrival at any Port of Place in the British Idands, or within Two hundred Miles of the fame, any Tea exceeding in Quantity One hundred Pounds Weight, every Commander shall incur and be liable to a Penalty of Two Pounds for every Penalty.

Pound Weight of Tea exceeding such a Quantity.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fefll not be lawful to export or import any Goods, <t^'

Wares or Merchandize in any Vessel or Packet Boat to be employed under the Authority of this Act, unless Vessel^oTiso such Vessel or Packet Boat shall be of the Burthen of Three hundred and fifty Tons at the lead. Ton*, and up-

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander of any Vessel or Packet Boat to be estabkAied ward*, wader the Authority of this Act, having received His Majesty's Mail on board, and having received his Delaying Sailing Clearance, shall wilfully neglect to fail and proceed on his Voyage within Twenty four Hours after the time of after receiving receiving the Mail on board and his Clearance (Wind and Weather permitting 1, or shall wilfully deviate from Mail, the Course of his Voyage, such Commander for every such Neglect shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Penalty, hundred Pounds: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said United Provifc.

E*jl India Company to give Directions to delay the Sailing of any Ship jot Vessel belonging to and employed

3 I a by

v; r.,

JiffM rflU*-

ten cocnre^iin »atera-ployedas lockets from G. B.

Sending <&c. Letter* without Authority.

[Penalty.]

Commanders to take Charge of Bags delivered by Order cf Poll mailer. Allowaacerforr, Letter* to Commandttrs.

Rqtet of Letters by VeflVls not employed as Packets from India.

Rate of Sea Portage from India not to exceed 5*. for any Packet.

Port Offices

established.

r

Poftmsrter retaining Money.

Treasurers of Company to remit Money to Postmaster'Genera). Presideot of Board of Commissioners free. Secretary of State and Secretaries to Trea-fory, free. Commissioners for Affairs of India and Se- > eretary.

Chairman and l)eputy Chairman of £. 1. Co. free

Directors free

from India by Ships of Company.

C. 153. .& GEORGGII III. A.D. 1815.

l)y the said Company, sofa'tinflb to be limited or fpbeified, giving Notice of such Dtre&ions to the Postmaster General within Twenty four Hours thereof.

Xir. And/, be it further enacted, That (brthe Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letten and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Vessels not employed as Packets from Great Britain, to The Caff of Good Hopey The Mauritius and The East Indies, there shall be charted and payable a Sea Postage of Onie Shilling and Two pence a Single Letter, and so in Proportion for Packets; such Postage to be paid on Delivery of the Letters at The Cape, The Mauritius and The East Indies, as the case may be.

XIII. And be it further enactedrThat if any Person shall fend without Authority of the Postmaster GeneraL to The Case of Good Hope9 The Mauritius or The East Indies, any Letter or Packet, or if any Commander of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person shall carry or convey any Letter or Packet without such Authority to The Cape of Good Hopey The Mauritius or The East Indies, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Letter so sent or conveyed.

y XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commander of any Ship (ailing to The Case of Good Hope, The Mauritius or The East Indies, is hereby authorized dnd required to take charge of and convey any Bags of Letters subject to the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling and Two pence, which mall be delivered to him by .Order or Authority of the Postmaster General.

XV. And, for the Services performed by the Commanders of such Vessels, be it further enacted, That they shall be entitled to receive on their Arrival in Port, either in Great Britain or in Indta9 on deliverings at the Post Office all such Letters and Packets which they shall have on board, the Sum of Two pence for every Letter or Packet which he or they shall so deliver.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Vessels not employed as Packets from The Cape of Good Hopes The Mauritius and The East Indies, to Great Britain, there shall be charged and payable a Sea Postage of Eight pence for each Single Letter, and so in Proportion for Packets.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for Twelve Months from and after the passing of this Act, no Letter or Packet of whatever Weight or Description coming from The Cate of Good Hopep Mauritius or India9 shall be chargeable with a higher Rate of Sea Postage than Five Shillings for such Letter or Packet 5 any thing to the contrary in this Act contained notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General in his Discretion, to establish Post Offices, and appoint Deputy Postmasters and other Officers, for the due Execution of this Act, in the United Kingdom, and in any of the Presidencies of the said United Company, and the fame from time to time to remove and displace, and others to appoint in their Stead; and that all such Persons so to be appointed shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the Postmaster General or his Agents for the due Discharge of their respective Duties, and accounting for and paying unto the Treasurers of the-(aid United Company, at their respective Presidencies, on account of the Revenue of the Post Office, all Sums which they shall respectively receive for the Port of Letters and Packets, or in any other manner whatsoever; and that no such Postmaster or other Person shall at any time retain in his Hands more than One thousand Pounds of the Public Money.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurers of the said United Company, at their respective .Presidencies, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to receive all such Sums, and from time to time to remit the same to the Postmaster General, in such manner and under such Regulations as shall be agreed upon by the said United Company and the Postmaster General.

X&. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the President of the Board of Coow missioners for the Affairs of India for the time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets to and from. The East Indies free from the Duties of Postage; and that it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for Colonial Affairs, and the Secretaries to the Treasury for the time being, to send and receive Letters and jackets to and from The Cape of Good Hope9 The Mauritius and Ceylon9 free from the Duty of Postage.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of India*. receiving Salaries in virtue of such Office, and for the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets to or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company or The Cape of Good Hope9 provided that the Letters and Packets so to be sent and received by such Commissioners or Secretary, by any one Packet or other Vessel, appointed to carry the Mail, do not collectively exceed the Weight of Five Ounces received, and Five Ounces sent, by each such Commissioners or by such Secretary.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said United Company for the time being, and for One Year after the said Chairman and Deputy Chairman shall have quitted their respective Offices, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage, to and from ZAe East Indies only 5 provided that such Letters aw*d Packets shall be upon the Concerns of the said Company only, and provided that such Letters shall be addressed or superferibed wholly in the Hand Writing of the Chairman or Deputy Chairmau, and his Name added thereto in his Hand Writing; and also that it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company to send and receive Letters and Packets to and from The East Indies only, addressed and superferibed in like manner, free from Postage for One Year from and after the passing of this Act, and no longer,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company for the time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage to and from The East Indies only, by the Ships of the said Company, provided that such Letters so to be sent and received do not collectively exceed the Weight of Five Ounces, by each Ship of the said Company; and that such Directors shall and may

continue

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C.i5> 425

Sramoavadtial.

dfruftrvirjg'id East lad*.

continue to send and receive such Letters and Packets for One Year after he or they shall have .quitted the Direction.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be PuW* Officer* construed to extend, to preterit such Public Officers who now send and receive Letter* and Packets free of hiwfawPr^ Postage, firom sending and receiving Letters and Packets to and from The Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius*

Saint Helena and The East Indies, in the same manner as they are now authorized by Law to lend and receive ftoJblndfe 1 Letters and Packets free from Postage.

XXV. And Whereas, by a certain A A of Parliament made and passed in the Forty sixth Year of the 4$ G. 3. c.$>^ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Three Acts made in the Thirty fifth, Forty Jirfl and.

Forty second Tears of His present Majesty, relating to the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, Seamen §6 — tMi, v

employed in His Majesty* Navy and Non Commissioned Officers in the Army, within any Part of His Majesty*

Dominions, whilst actually employed in His Majesty's Service, were authorized to (end and receive by the

Post on his or their Private Concerns only. Single Letters, upon Payment of One Penny for each Letter,

under the several Restrictions in the said Act contained s And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisiona 11 1

of the said Act to Seamen in the Navy, whilst actually employed in His Majesty's Service in The East Indies, 1'

and to Non Commissioned Officers in His Majesty's Army, whilst actually employed in His Majesty's Serviqe.*

4 in The East Indies, and also to the Seamen and Non Commissioned Officers in the Army actually employed in .,

the Service of the East India Company; Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Seaman employed in His Majesty's Navy within any Part of The East Indies, and to and for every Seneant, Corporal, Drummer, Trumpeter, Fifer and Private^aft Soldier in His Majesty's Regular Forces, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery or Royal Marines, whilst 0*fendingn± actually employed in His Majesty* Service in The East Indies, and also to and for every Seaman, whilst a^ually receiving lift- \ employed in the Service of the East India Company, and to and for every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, ter* free, on ceir-Trumpeter, Fifer and Private Soldier in the Service of the said Company, whilst actually employed in the Service tain CatMficiou^ of the said Company, and not otherwise, to receive by the Post, on his own Private Concerns onty, free from^1

Postage, Single Letters 5 provided that the several Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said herein-^i >^before recited Act shall be complied with 5 and likewise to fend Single Letters by the Post, on his own Private 1.

Concerns only, on Payment of One Penny upon putting the fame into any Post Office, under the several Regu- '

lations and Restrictions in the hereinbefore recited Act contained. ...tf

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clause*, Powers, Advantages, Penalties and Powsrsd* «^Methods for the Recovery of the fame, contained in the said recited Act, so far as relates to Soldiers and 4$ G; $jc Seamen* Letters, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present eilended to Act, Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVII. And Whereas it is expedient to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the 54 G. 3. c. 169. Reign of His present Most Gracious Majesty, intituled An Act for making certain Regulations rejlpefting the

5*

1 Proportion for Letters brought by Vessels.

Dominions, and from Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Great Britain; and as authorizes Persons in Places within His Majesty's Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas to receive from the Masters of Vessels coming from thence into Great Britain, Letters and Packets which may be collected and brought by such Masters to them for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and to receive from such Matters at the Rate of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters or Packets, and so in Proportion for a greater or letter Number, and as directs the manner in which such Letters are to be transmitted by such Masters of Vessels to Great Britain; and so much of the said Act as authorizes the Masters of Vessels to collect Letters and Packets within His Majesty* Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and which directs the Sum of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters, and so in Proportion for a greater or letter Number, to be repaid to such Masters, and as authorizes the Payment of Two pence for every Letter to such Masters; and also so much of the said Act as imposes a Penalty of Five hundred Pounds upon any Mailer who shall open any Bag or Bags of Letters, or who shall take out of such Bag any Letter or Letters, or shall not duly deliver such Bag at the Place where he shall arrive$ and likewise so much of the said Act as imposes a Penalty of Five Pounds upon any Person fending any Letter or Packet by any Ship or Vessel of which he shall not be Owner, without having the Official Mark of the Postage having been paid thereon, and as imposes a like Penalty upon any Mailer having on board or carrying any Letter not being the Letter of his Owners, without such Official Mark thereon; and so much of the said Act as authorizes the Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officers of the Customs, to search Ships or Vessels for Letters or Packets, and to seize and forward the same to the Postmaster General*and also so much of the said Act as authorizes such Collector, Comptroller or Officer to administer an Oath to such Mailer, that he has not any Letters which have not paid the Rates of Postage on board his Ship or Vessel, not being the Letters of the Owners of his said Ship; and likewise so much of the said Act as directs, that on the Arrival of any Ship in Port, the Mailer shall sign a Declaration that, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, he has delivered all the Letters, Bags or Parcels of Letters on board his Vessel, and as imposes a Penalty of Fifty Pounds upon any Mailer neglecting or refuling to make such Declaration; and likewise so much of the said Act as imposes a Penalty of Twenty Pounds upon any such Collector, Comptroller or principal Officer who shall permit any Ship or Vessel to break Bulk until the Requilitea of the Act shall be complied with; and also so much of the said Act as directs the Mode of recovering the Pecuniary Penalties by the said Act imposed, and the Application of the fame j and also so much of the said Act as renders'Person*

§7.

8.

9-

§ io.

In*

ia.

Vu-

I

- 3

*3° C.I53*

55° GEORGII in.

A.D. 1815.

PerfoftB guilty df ft Mtfdumcanor who shall Forge or cause to be forged any Stamp, Mark of Pottage or Defig-nation upon any Letter, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Rate of Pottage, shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be and the same are hereby repealed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Pottmaiier General to demand, hare, receive and take for every Letter which shall be brought by Ships and Vesseia (other than Packet Boats) from Places within His Majesty's Dominions, and from any the Kingdoms and Places beyond the Seas, into Great Britain^ except from The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies, a Sea Pottage of Eijht pence for every Single Letter, and so in Proportion for Packets, in addition to any Inland or Internal Pottage which may artfe upon the Inland Conveyance of such Letters and Packets; and for the Encouragement of the Matters of such Ships or Vessels, it shall he lawful for the Postmaster General to allow all such Matters the Sum of Two pence a Letter or Packet upon all such Letters and Packets as they nsspectively, on their arrival from Parts beyond the Seas, shall deliver unto the Deputy or Deputies of the Postmaster General, for such Place or Pott Town at which they shall touch or arrive.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Matter of any Ship or Vessel shall open any sealed Bag, Package or Parcel of Letters, with which he shall have been ent rutted, or shall take out of such Bag, Package or Parcel any Letter or Letters whatsoever, or shall not duly deliver such Bag, Package or Parcel with the Letters at the Pod Office on his arrival in Port, without wilful of unavoidable Delay after his Arrival, every such Matter so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Own ere, Charterers or Consignees of Vesseia, to fend their Letters on board their own Ships, from any Port in Great Britain to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies, free from the Sea Pottage; provided that such Letters shall be endorsed with the Words " Owners or Charterers or Coofignees Letter, " and the Christian and Surname,

MUee oncer- an<* ^accAbode, of the Owner, Charterer or Consignee, or the Firm of the Owners who shall be the tainCondiiioat. Writer of the fame; and provided that the Letter so font and endorsed by any Owner or Owners, Charterer or Consignee, or the whole Number of Letters, if there shall be more than One Letter, from such Owner or Owners, Charterer or Consignee, shall not collectively exceed the Weight of Twenty Ounces.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners or Shippers of Goodb to fend Letters with their Goods on board any Ship or Vessel from any Port in Great Britain, to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies free from the Ship Letter Pottage; provided that such Letter shall be endorsed with the Christian and Surname of the Writer, or the Firm of the Writers, and with the Words u Owners or Shippers of Goods" shipped on board the [j? ate the Name of the Ship] bound to [fiats the Place]; and provided the Letter or Packet of any such Owners or Shippers, or the whole Namber of Letters, if thane shall be more than One, from such Owners or Shippers, shall not collectively exceed the Weight of Six Ounces.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners, Charterers or Confer miy receive signees of Vessels resident in Great Britain, to receive their Letters by their own VesselB from any Place within Letters in like His Majesty's Dominions, or Countries beyond the Seas, free from the Sea Pottage; provided that such

Owners, Charterers or Consignees shall be described as such in the Address and Superscription of such Letters* and that such Letters to any One Owner, Charterer or Consignee, (kail not, if coming from any Place in The East Indies, exceed collectively the Weight of Twenty Ounces; and if coming from any other Part beyond the Seas, exceed collectively the Weight of Six Ounces.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners or ConfigBees of Goods on board Ships arriving from Abroad to receive Letters free from the Sea Pottage by such Ships, prodded that such Owners or Consignees shall be described as such in the Address and Superscription thereof; and provided it shall appear by the Ship's Manifest that such Persons actually have Goods on board such Ships, and that the Letter or Letters addressed to any One such Owner or Consignee shall not collectively exceed the Weight of Six Ounces.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act (hill extend to prevent the Letters of Owners, Con-signefes or Freighters of Ships arriving in this Country from The East Indies before the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to receive their Letters free of Pottage as heretofore, although they may exceed the Weight herein limited, or may not be marked as directed by this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing iti this, or in any other Act contained, shall extend to charge with the Duty of Pottage any Letters or Packets addressed by the Governors of His Majesty's Settlements of Ceylon, The Cape of Good Hope or The Mauritius, or by the Secretaries of these Governments respectively, to the Agents of thoie respective Governments residing in England, or by such Agents to such Governors or Secretaries: Provided always, that the Contents of such Letters and Packets relate bona fide to the Public Service, or Concerns of such Governments, and that they are superferibed by such Governor, Secretary or Agent respectively.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Colkdor, Comptroller or other Officer of His Majesty's Customs, find any Letter or Letters superferibed as the Letters of such Owners, Charterers, Con-signees or Shippers, exceeding the Number or Weight limited by this Act, then it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, Comptroller or other Officer to seize so many of the Letters as shall reduce the Remainder within the proper Weight, and shall take the same to the nearest Pott Office, and the Postmaster of the Place shall pay to the Officer delivering the fame at the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence for each Letter or Packet so sized.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates of Pottage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by Packet Boats, or Ships or Vessels employed as Packet Boats, to any Part of His Majesty's Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas, excepting The East Indies, AiaU and may with the Consent of the Lords Commis-

10 fionert

rtpoW. letters brought by Vessels not Packets (excel* from India, &c.), to pay 8d. for Single Letter, and Matters of V«fl*ls allowed ad.

Opening Bags.

Pawky.

Owners may find Letters on board their own Vessels to India,

Owners or Ship-pers of Goods may do Dune.

Owners of Vef-

Letters in like manner,

as affo Owners or Consignees of Goods.

Act not to affest Letters of Owners, &c. of Vessels arriving before Oct. 10. 1816.

Letters from Governor of Ceylon, he. to Agents of their Governments, not chargeable with Pottage.

Owners* Letters exceeding Weight allowed feiied and carried to Pott Office.

Rates i f Pottage for Conveyance of Letters re-

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 153.

fionm of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, either be received at the M Office w Great Britain, upon forwarding the fame, or by the Deputy or Deputies of the Postmaster General upon their Delivery*

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller or other Office* of His Majesty*6 Customs, at any Port or Place whatsoever, and he is hereby authorized to require a Declare, tkwa from any Commander of any Ship or Vessel failing to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius or The East Indies, that he has not nor will take any Letters on board his Ship which have not been delivered to him by Authorfty of the Postmaster General, or which are not exempted from Postage by this Act; which Declaration shall be in the Form, or to the Effect following:

I A.B. Commander of the [fate the Name of the Ship or VeJfeT\ bound to [fate the Place] do, as re- A qipred by Law, solemnly declare, That I have not to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief on board my Ship or Vessel, nor will I take any Letters which have not been delivered to me by Authority of the Postmaster General, or which are not exempted from Pottage/

And in case any such Commander shall make a false or untrue Declaration he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel in any Port where there is a Post Office, or at the Port of its Destination, the Master shall immediately send to the fame all the Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters, and all other Letters on board his Ship, and mall, to the utmost of his Power, procure all his Crew and Passengers to fend any Letters which may be in their Possession, except such Letters as are exempted by this Act; and the Master mall at the same time, or at the Port or Place where the Ship or Vessel shall report, sign a Declaration in the Presence of the Person authorized by the Postmaster General at the Port or Place, who shall also sign the fame: which Declaration shall be in the Form, or to the Effect follow, ing ? that is to say,

J A* B. Commander of the [Rate the Name of the Ship or Vi required by Law, solemnly declare, That I have, to the bef

arrived from [fate the Place} do, as ' my Knowledge and Belief, delivered or

causedto be delivered at the Post Office at [Rate the Place] every Letter, Bag, Package or Parcel of Letters that were on board the [fate the Name of the Ship] except such Letters as are exempted by this Ad/

And that until such Declaration shall be made and produced to the Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officer of the Customs, he or they shall not permit such Ship or Vessel to report.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Master of any Ship or Vessel shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make the several Declarations by this Act required, or to produce the last mentioned Declaration, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officer, hereby required to prohibit any Ship or Vessel reporting until the Reauifites of this Act shall be complied with, shall permit such Ship or Vessel to report, such Collector, Comptroller or Officer, so permitting such Ship or Vessel to report, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector, Comptroller or Officer, at any Port or Place whatsoever, who, in the due Execution of his Duty as a Revenue Officer, shall discover any Letters or Packets on board any Vessel in any Port or Place whatsoever, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, to seize and take all such Letters and Packets, and to forward the same to the Postmaster General or his Deputy, at the Port or Place; and that the Officer seizing and fending the same shall be entitled to one Moiety of the Penalty which may be recovered for any such Offence; and that in all cases of such Seizure the Proof shall lie on the Person in whose Possession or Baggage the Letters or Packets shall be found that the Provisions of this Act have been complied with.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters shall be brought by any Ship of War, the Commander thereof shall cause the fame and all Letters which may be on board (except the Public Dispatches of Government) to be immediately sent to the Post Office, at the First Port where he shall arrive; and such Commander shall, for all such Letters, be entitled to receive the same Allowances as are payable to Mastert of Ships or Vessels.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen from any unforeseen circumstances, that the Master of any Ship or Vessel, or the Commander of any Ship of War, shall, upon deMvering his Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters, be prevented from receiving the Money to which he shall be entitled, such Master or Commander shall nevertheless be paid the fame, by the Order of the Postmaster General, at such other Places as may be most convenient.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Rates of Postage hereinbefore mentioned for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the said Packet Boats, Ships or VessSs from any Port in Great Britain, to any Port in The Bad Indies, shall be received by the Deputies of the Postmaster General, upon their Delivery in India, and that toe Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters from any Port or Place in The East Indies to Great Britain shall be received at the Option of the Parties fending the fame, or upon their Delivery in Great Britain or Ireland, by the Deputies of the Postmaster General in India upon forwarding the same.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if, after the Master of any Vessel shall have delivered his Letters at the Post Office of any Port at which he may touch, prior to his arriving at that Port where the Ship or Vessel is to report, any Letter or Packet not exempted by this Act, shall be found on board his Vessel, in his Possession, or in the Possession of any of his Crew, or any Passenger on board, every such Person knowingly having such Letter or Packet in nis Possession or in his Baggage, shall forfeit and pay for every Letter the Sum of Five Pounds.

43i

cawed si Fsffi Office.

Commanders a# Vessels lwiag Letterc an betid to make follow*

ing

Declaration.

[Penalty.]

Bags of Letters delivered on Arrival.

Declaration ua Delivery of Letters.

Refuting to make

Declaration.

[Penalty.]

Vessels failing before Regulations complied with.

[Penalty.]

Officers to search Packages.

Onus probandi.

Commanders of Ships of War to fend Letters to Post Office.

Money due to Matters of Vessels paid by Postmaster General.

Postage paid on Delivery.

Having Letters on board after Delivery at Post Office.

[Penalty.]

43* C; i S3", 154.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Falfely super-scribing Letters u being Ship Owners &c. Penalty. Penalties how recovered and applied.

f 3k.

After EftaMish-ment, if Three Months elapse without dif-pxtehing Public Mail, any Person may carry Letters without being subject to Penalties of Ait.

Not to extend to China Letters.

NoPeudtiesin-cunred unlefii EftaWitunewt of Matte carried into Efted within 8ix Months. Afliooa brought for carrying Letteis contrary to9 Ann. c. 10.

41 O. 3. c. 81. or this Act.

Ones probendL

Application of Rates.

limitation of A&rhiti.

[General Issue.]

Treble Colta.

Ante, c. 108. f 66*

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall falsely superscribe any Letter aa being the Owner, Charterer or Consignee of the Vessel conveying the fame, or the Owner, Shipper or Consignee of the Goods shipped in the Vessel, every such Person and Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further eaa&ed, That One Moiety of the several Pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be payable to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person who shall and will inform and sue for the lame, to be recovered with full Coffs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or in the Colony or Place where the Offence shall be committed, wherein no Ettbin, Protection or Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be admitted.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time hereafter f the Establishment of such Vessds at aiorefiud, a Space of Three Calendar Months shall have elapsed without any Public Mail having been dispatch from Great Britain to The Cape of Goad Hope and The Mauritius, and the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay in The East Indies, it shall be lawful for any Person to feud, or take on board, and carry any Letters or rackets from Great Britain to such of the said Places to which no Mail shall have been so dispatched during the time aforesaid, or from such of the Places aforesaid from which no Mail shall have been so dispatched to Great Britain, without being subject therefore to any of the Penalties Forfeitures, Payments or Restrictions in this Act contained, until some Public Mail shall have been again dispatched from Great Britain to such Place, or from such Place to Great Britain.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Letters or Packets to or from China, but that they may be sent and carried as here* tofore has been used; any thing to the contrary herein contained notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall incur or become liable to any of the Penalties by this Act imposed, so far as the same shall relate to Letters to be sent to and from India9 unless the Provisiona hereinbefore contained, as to establishing Vessels for the Conveyance of Mails of Letters to The East Indies, shall be carried into Effect within Six Months from the passing of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in any Action or Suit against any Person or Persons, for collecting, carrying, conveying, delivering or fending Letters or Packets contrary to the Provisions in an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all Her Majesty fs Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War9 and other Her Majesty's Occasions, or contrary to the Provisions in an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the secreting9 embezzling or destroying any Letter or Packet sent by the Pofl9 and for the better P rote Sian of such Letters and Paciets9 and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Pod, or in either of diem, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act, the Proof shall lie on the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be brought, for delivering or feuding Letters or Packets, that the fame were delivered or font according to the Provisions contained in the said lait mentioned Acts, or one of them, or according to the Provisions contained in this present Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by the several Rates and Duties as aforesaid (except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Management and Collection of the famel, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster$ and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Tame shall be commenced within Twelve Months after the Fa& committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants 5 and upon a Verdict for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be noafuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

CAP. CLIV.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistenceto be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and DeVV fertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted, that Officers and Soldiers shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer upon paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament 5 and an Option is given to Innholders

Your Majesty that it may be enacted} and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with

11*- the

A.D. 1815. 55 GEORGII III. C. 154.

Xbe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Non Commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in- the said recited Act by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers -shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the fame the Sum of Fourteen pence per Diem until the Twenty fourth Day of July inclusive, and from and after that Day the Sum of One Shilling ter Diem; and that for such Allowances of Fourteen pence and One Shilling, the Innholder or other Person shall furnish One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner if required in each Day, to each Non Commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billeted on him, to confifi of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made of to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Non Commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom* shall, by virtue "of the said Option in the said Act, furnish such Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rate prescribed by this Act, such Innhalders or -other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the ijiid Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive in Consideratkm thereof. One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non Commissioned Officer and Soldier; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the Rate aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall be One ShUling and Twd pence per Diem for each Horse.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive ctheir Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they- may be billetted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed while on the March, as also on and for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destination, and on the Two subsequent Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Difiance of Two Miles thereof; in which case it shall be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed.

: V. Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person liable by the said recited Act to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furnishing in kind, the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or other Person may be proceeded against and fined in like manner as if he or she had refused to fumifti or allow according to the Directions of the said recited Act, the several Things respectively directed to be furnished to Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto, shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Defiination, according to this Act.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on their March shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, shall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of Halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue on such Market Day, the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if such Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in Recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March 5 but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days subsequent to* the Arrival 01 the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a time shall return to the same Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period be-

55 Geo. III. 3K tween

433

Allowances for Diet of Non Commissioned Officers end Soldiers.

Further Allowance of One Half^nny per Diem.

Kories quarter* ed.Xt*o& per Diana fitd far Hay «ad

Regulations with refoe# to dieting Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers on March*

Paying Money to Non ConMniffloned Officers, Sec. on March in lieu of Diet, fce. Penalty.

Proviso for Non Commissioned Officers, See. when halted.

If halting only for Day after Arrival and that a Market Day, Diet and Small Beer not disconiittued.

Regulation, at to Recruiting Parties and Recruits on March*

[Proviso.]

434 C.i54»i55»I56* 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

tween the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, dull have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

Continuance of

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance and be in force from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand

Proviso toe Pay* eight hundred and sixteen; and that all Payments which have been made, and all Acts, Matters and Thing* ment, &c. done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provisions thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Act altered, &c. X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered and varied by any Ad to be made in this Session of Parliament.

J4 G. 3. c. 172.

fa-

Pan of Duties continued.

His Majesty by Proclamation or Order in Council may modify Operations or reduce Duties.

*4 O. 3. 5e(Ta.

c. 36.

repealed.

Exception.

[Proviso.]

Persons convicted of Crime punishable by Transportation, transported accordingly.

CAP. CLV.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Temporary Fourth Part of the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers Wash, Spirits and Licences imposed by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty; and for enabling His Majesty by Order in Council to modify the Operations of the said Act, or reduce the Duties thereby imposed. [t ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon DMiHers Wash, Spirits and Licences; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; it was provided, that One Fourth Part of the said several Duties by 1 that Ad imposed should expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And

Whereas it is expedient that the fame should be continued for a time to be limited Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Fourth Part of the said several Duties by the said Act imposed, and which would expire on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be, and the fame Fourth Part of the said several Duties is hereby further continued from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and shall remain and continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Hundred and sixteen.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case His Majesty, at any time before the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall in His Royal Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of Scotland, or of the Highlands of Scotland, to modify the Operations or reduce the Duties by this Act and by the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty imposed on the Highlands of Scotland, for any time not exceeding the Space of Three Months after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Pro* clamations to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order or Orders in Council, so to modify the Operations or to reduce the Duties so imposed on the Highlands of Scotland, id such manner as to His said Majesty shall seem meet, and as in such Proclamation or Proclamations or Order or Orders in Council shall be specified, dated and expressed.

CAP. CLVI.

An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. [11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the effeSucd Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And Whereas the said Act hath been continued by different Afte: And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to appoint certain Places, as well out of His Majesty's Dominions as within the same, to which

Felons and other Offenders may be transported 5 and that the Regulations of the said Act should be amended, and more effectual Provision made for the Transportation of such Offenders May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the ituthority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; save and except as to all Acts done under the fame before the passing of this Act; and also save and except as to all Proceedings commenced before the passing thereof: Provided always, that it shall be lawful in any* case in which any Proceedings have been commenced under the said Act, to proceed after the passing of this Act, under the Provisions thereof, in relation to any Offender, in any case in which it shall be expedient so to do.

ll. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court, before which any Person or Persons shall have been or shall be convicted at any Session of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Session of the Peace to be holden for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or at any Great Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, or within the Principality of Wales, of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any other Offence for which such Person or Persons shall have bptD or he subject to be transported, to order and adjudge, or any subsequent Court holden at any Place for

A.D. 1815. J5° GEORGII , III. C; ij6.

the fame Coutty, Riding Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty or Place respectively, with like Authority, to order and adjudge that such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding the Number of Years or Term for which such Person or Jferfoas is or are or shall be liable by any Law to be transported; and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to declare and appoint any other Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, in addition to such as shall have been heretofore declared and appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, either within His Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere out of His Majesty's Dominions, to which any such Felons or other Offenders shall be conveyed or transported; and Inch Court as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to order such Offenders to be transferred to the Use of any Person or Persons, and his or their Assigns, who shall contract for the due Performance of such Transportation; and when His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be pleased to extend Mercy to any Offender or Offenders who hath or have been or shall be convicted of any Crime or Crimes, for which he, she OF they ia, are or shall be by Law excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, upon Condition of Transportation to apjr Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either for a Term of Life or any Number of Years, ftod such Intention of Mercy shall be signified by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, it shall be lawful for any Court having proper Authority, to allow such Offender or Offenders the Benefit of a Conditional Pardon, and to order such Offender or Offenders to be transported for such Term of Life or Years as shall be specified in such Condition of Transportation as aforesaid, and to make such Order of Transfer as aforesaid; and when any Offender or Offenders hath or have been or shall be convicted of any Crime or Crimes, for which he, she or they is or are by Law excluded the Benefit of Clergy, the Judge before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, or any Justice of The King's Bench, Common P)eas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, in case the said Offender or Offenders shall have been tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, or any Justice of Chester or WaUe, in case the said Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted within any of their respective Juri&U&ions, shall, on such Intention of Mercy as aforesaid being signified to him by One of the said Principal Secretaries of State, make an Order for the immediate Transportation of such Offender or Offenders, and for such Offender or Offenders to be transferred as aforesaid, in the same manner as if such Intention of Mercy hud been signified by One of the said Principal Secretaries of State, during the Continuance of the Assizes or Sefiioi)8 at which such Offender or Offenders was or were condemned: and such Order shall be considered us an Order made at such Assizes or Sessions as aforesaid, and shall be as effectual and have all the fame Consequences as any Order for the Transportation of any Offender or Offenders, made by any Justice of Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, for any County, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, during the Continuance of the Assizes or Sessions; and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Service of such Offender or Offenders for such Term of Life or Years for which such Offender or Offenders* shall have been ordered to be transported.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town or Place, the fame Fee as hath been usually paid, or such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court is entitled to for the Order of Transportation of any Offender.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Person or Persons to whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be transferred as aforesaid, shall, before any of them shall be delivered over to him or them to be transported, give Security that he or they will transport or cause to be transported effectually such Offender or Offenders to such Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas respectively, as shall be appointed by His Majesty in such manner as aforesaid; and procure such Evidence as the nature of the case will admit, of the landing of such Offender or Offenders so transferred as aforesaid, in that Place pr Part, or those Places or Parts beyond the Seas* where to he, she or they shall be ordered to be transported (Death and Casualties by Sea excepted); and that he, she or they shall not be suffered to return tQ Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful Default of the Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, or of his or their Assigns.

V. And be it also enacted, That every such Court as aforesaid may appoint two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall have been convicted* who shall have Power and are hereby required to contract with any Person or Persons who shall be nominated by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for the Performance of the Transportation of fych Offender or Offenders, and to order such Security to be taken as aforesaid; and also to cause such Offender or Offenders to be delivered, by the respective Gaolers or Persons in whose Custody he, she or they shall be, to the Person or Persons contracting, or to his or their Aligns; which ContraCb and Security shall be certified by the Justices, who shall make and take the same to the next Court to be balden with the like Authority for the said County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, to be filed and kept among the Records of such Court; and all Securities for Transportation shall be by Bond in the Name of the respective Clerks of the Peace or other Clerks of the Court, who shall prosecute such Bunds in their own Names; for which Purpose every such Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Court, and his. Successors respectively, shall be deemed a Body Corporate, and shall have and be paid all such Costs as they shall sustain in any such Suit, as the Justices of the Peace shall at their General Quarter SJessiona of the Peace direct, put of the Public Stock; and all Monies recovered on such Bopds shall be for the Use of the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, and be paid to their respective Treasurers, to be Part of the Public Stock; and all Charges in or about making the Contra&e, taking Securitas, and cpnveying Felons and other Offenders* in order to be transported, shall be borne by

3 K 2 .each

His Majesty may appoint Placet.

If His Majesty

extend Mercy to Offender liable to Death, Court may order him to he transported.

Contractor to have Property ip Service of Offender.

Clerks of Aflme, Sec. paid usual Fee.

Persons undertaking to tran-sport Offenders to give Security.

Court may appoint Justices to contract for Transportation of Offenders, on Security by Bond.

Securities for Transportation.

4 36

Per Tons contracting to tr insport Offenders, may carry them through any County to Sea Port.

Death.

Offender at large before Ex-pi ratiou of Term.

Death.

Before whom Offenders ttied.

Certificate.

Fee.

Informers.

Reward.

[Proviso.]

His Majesty empowered to order Removal of Male Prisoners.

Gaoler, ftC. to deliver Offenders aocording to Orders with Certificate, &c«

fitpencet of Remoral.

C.r56. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

each County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, for drhfch the C6iirt WhslieJd whldhr ordered such Offenders to be transported; and the respective TJreasurers shall, by Ofc*der of the Justices in Quarter Sessions, pay all such Charges to the Persons employed.4'r '* ' 4'

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons so coiftrafting as aforesaid, hnd to whom ally

Offenders shall be delivered in order to be transported, or any Person or Persons directed by the said Justices (empowered to contrail as aforesaid) or their Assigns, may in such manner as they shall think fit, carry and secure the said Offenders in and through any County of Great Britain, towards the Sea Pott or Place firoifa whence they are to be transported; and if any Person or Persons shall refeue such Offenders or any of them, or assist them or any of them in making their fefcape from such Person or Persons as shall have them in their Custody as aforesaid, he, she or they shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, 'and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy., :

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender or Offenders Who Ifhsfll be f6 ordered by fck^h

Court as aforesaid to be transported, or who shall agree to transport himself or herself on certain Conditions, either for Life or any Number of Years, to any such Place or Places, Part or Parts, as shall he appointed by His Majesty in manner aforesaid, shall be afterwards at large within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be transported, or shall have so agreed to transport himfirif or herself as aforesaid, every such Offender being at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted; shall suffer Death; and such Offender or Offenders may be tried either before the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, for the County, City, Liberty, Borough or Place inhere such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence he, she or they were ordered to be transported 5 and the Clerk of the Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer, or Clerk of the Court having the Custody of the Records where such Order of Transportation shall be made, shall, at the Rtcjueft of the Prosecutor or any other Person on His Majesty's behalf, make out and give a Certificate in Writing signed by him, containing the Effect and Substance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indictment ana Conviction of such Offender or Offenders and of the Order for his or her Transportation, to the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, where such Offender or Offenders shall be indicted (not taking for the fame more than Six Shillings and Eight pence) which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Order for the Transportation of such Offender or Offenders; and whoever shall discover and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders so being at large as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every such Offender so convicted, and shall have such Certificate to receive the same, as any Person or Persons may be entitled unto for the apprehending and prosecuting to Conviction, Persons who have committed any Robbery upon the Highway: Provided nevertheless, that His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may pardon and dispense with such Transportation, and allow of the Return of any such Offender or Offenders to this Kingdom. '

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time, by an Order in Writing to be notified by One of the said Principal Secretaries of State, or for any Three or more of such of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place in which any Gaol shall be situated* as shall be authorized by His Majesty under His Sign Manual, to direct the Removal of any Male Offender or Offenders who shall be under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during His Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and who having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary* shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious Distemper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which such Offender or Offenders shall be confined, to such Place of Confinement within England or the Dominion of Wales* either at Land, or on board any Ship or Vessel to be provided by His Majesty in the River Thames, or any Navigable or other River, or within the Limits of any Port or Harbour of England or Wales, as His Majesty, or any Three of such Justices authorized as aforesaid, shall from titne to time appoint, under the Management of a Superintendent and Overseer to be appointed by His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices authorized as aforesaid; and every Offender who shall be so removed shall continue in the said Place of Confinement, or be removed to and confined in any other such Place or Places as aforesaid, as His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices authorized as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until such Offender shall be transported according to Law, or by the Expiration of the Term of such Transportation or otherwise shall be entitled to his Liberty, or until His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices so authorized as aforesaid, shall direct the Return of such Offender to the Gaol or Prison from which he shall have been so removed; and the Sheriff or Gaoler having the Custody of any Offender whose Removal shall be ordered in manner aforesaid, shall with all convenient Speed, after the Receipt of the Notification of any such Order, convey or cause to be conveyed every such Offender to the Place appointed, and there deliver him to such Superintendent or Overseer, together with a true Copy, attested by such Sheriff or Gaoler, of the Caption and Order of the Court before which such Offender was tried, containing the Seutence of Transportation of each such Offender respectively, by virtue whereof he shall be in the Custody of such Sheriff or Gaoler; and also a Certificate containing his Age, and an Account of his Behaviour in Prison before and after his Trial, and the Gaoler's Observations on his Temper and Disposition, and such Information concerning his Connexions and former Course of Life as may have come to the Gaoler's Knowledge; and such Superintendent or Overseer as aforesaid shall give a proper Receipt in Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler for the Discharge of such Sheriff or Gaoler.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all reasonable Expences which the Sheriff or Gaoler shall incur ih every such Removal shall be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place, for

which

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII . HI...C. 15&. 43,

which the Court in which the Offender was convicted (halt have been held, and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Expences from the Treasurer of such County, Riding, Division, City, Borough,

Liberty or Place; such Expences being first allowed by the Order of the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter or other General Sessions of the Peace, who are hereby required to make such Order as shall be just in that behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Offender shall be brought to any such Place of Confinement Wafoinp, kc. as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Powers contained in this Act, he shall be washed, cleansed^and purified, and and clothing, fcc. the Clothes in which he shall be then clothed shall be burnt if necessary, or otherwise shall be preserved and offen<ier* taken Care of for him, by the Overseer of the Place of Confinement, and redelivered to him upon his quitting

it, or sold for his Benefit, and the Produce thereof accounted for to him by the Overseers aforesaid; and when such Offender shall be finally discharged, either at the End or other Determination of his Term, such other decent Clothing as (haG be judged necessary and proper by the Superintendent aforesaid, shall be delivered to such Offender by the Overseer of the Place of Confinement from which he is discharged, and also such Sum of Money for his immediate Subsistence, as the said Superintendent shall think proper, so as such Sum shall not in any case exceed Three Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That after the Removal of any Offender under this Act, the Superintendent Overseersto or Overseer who shall have the Custody of him, shall, during the Term of such Custody, have the fame Powers have la, ne

' over him as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler, and in like manner be answerable for any Escape as

of such Offender; and also during such Custody shall fee him fed and clothed according to a Scale of Diet and Clothing to be fixed on and notified in Writing by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Superintendent; and shall keep such Offender to Labour, at such Places, and under such Regulations,

Directions, Limitations and Restrictions, as His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices so authorized as aforesaid, shall from time to time, by any Order to be directed to such Superintendent or Overseers for their Instruction, appoint: And it is hereby declared, that the time during which any Offender shall have con- Imprisonment tinued in Graol under Sentence of Transportation, or being removed under the Provisions aforesaid, shall continue deemed confined by virtue of this Act, shall be taken and reckoned in Discharge or part Discharge or Satisfaction of Term' the Term of his Transportation.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender shall, during such Custody under this Act, be guilty Overseers may of any Misbehaviour or disorderly Conduct, it shall be lawful for such Superintendent or Overseer having the moderate. Custody of such Offender, to inflict or cause to be inflicted such moderate Punishment or Correction as may be um*iment^inflicted by Law of Persons committed to a House of Correction; and if any such Offender shall break from Escape or Rescue or unlawfully escape from the Custody of such Superintendent or Overseer; or if any Person shall rescue or how punched, attempt to rescue, or assist in refeuing any such Offender from such Custody, or shall convey or cause to be conveyed any Disguise, Instrument for effecting Escape, or Arms, to such Offender, every such Offence shall be punishable in the same manner as if such Offender had been confined in Gaol or Prison in the Custody of the Sheriff or other Gaoler, for the Crime of which such Offender shall have been convicted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Superintendent of the several Places of Confinement to be ap* Supermundane pointed by virtue of this Act shall from time to time make returns specifying the Name of every Person in to Custody in each of such Places of Confinement, the Offence of which he or she shall have been guilty, the

Court before which he or she shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of such Court, together with his or her Age and bodily State, and his or her Behaviour whilst in Custody; and also the Names of such Offenders who shall have died whilst in such Custody, or shall have escaped, or have been lawfully discharged from the feme; which Returns shall be made on the First Day of every Easter Term and the First Day of every Michaelmas Term, to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster, on the Oath of the Over* seer of such respective Places of Confinement, such Oath to be made before the said Court, or any Commissionet authorized to take Affidavits in the fame. '

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to appoint one fit and Appointment ofc able Person to be Superintendent of any Place or Places of Confinement, either at Land or on board any Ship Superimeudeuu or Vessel to which any such Offenders shall be removed by virtue of this Act, and One proper Person to be

Overseer on board each such Ship or Vessel, who, with a sufficient Number of Officers and Guards, shallcon-stantly reside on board; and such Superintendent shall personally visit and inspect such Places of Confinement Four Times in every Year, or oftener if Occasion shall require; and shall distinctly examine into the State of such Places of Confinement, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Overseers, Officers and Guards^ the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, and the Amount of the several Earnings, and the Expences attending every such Place of Confinement, and shall make a faithful Report of the feme to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, who shall cause such Report to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, at the beginning of every Session; and such Superintendent shall also, in Matters of extreme Necessity, make a special Report thereof to His Majesty's said Principal Secretary of State, who may, if he shall see fit, submit such special Report to the Justices or His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, who are hereby authorized to afford such Redress or provide such Regulations as they shall deem proper; and such Superintendent and Overseers shall continue in Office during His Majesty's Pleasuire, and shall receive such Salaries as His Majesty shall appoint; and such Superintendent shall be paid such Travelling and other reason* able Expences as shall be incurred by him in Discharge of his Duty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender hath already been ordered to be transported to any Judges may Part beyoad the Seas, or if any Order shall at any time hereafter be made for the Transportation of ariy alter Sentences? Offender, and such Order cannot be conveniently executed with respect to the Place in such Order mentioned, of Transpon*-. it shall be lawful for the Court of King's Bench; or (in the Vacation Time and put of Term) for any Two tlon*

Justices.

Coatra&or to have Property in Service of Offender. Offender at large before Ex-

?i rati on of

'erm.

Deat'h.

How tried, &c.

Informer.

Reward.

Account of Expence, laid before Parliament.

[General Issue.]

Treble CofU

Limiution of Actions.

Continuance of Act,

Lord Chancellor may appoint Persons to examine Witnesses and take Affidavits, &c. of Persons in England, &c. as to S«ks depending in Chancery in Ireland.

C. 156, 157. 55 GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Justices of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Barons of the Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, to order that such Offender shall be transported to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas which Audi have been appointed by His Majesty for the Transportation of such Offenders, in such and the like manner, and for the lame Term of Years, as such Offender is or shall be liable to be transported to the Place mentioned in the original Sentence or Order for his or her Transportation; and such Order shall be considerod a8 made at the same time, and shall be as effectual to every Intent and Purpose, and shall have all the fiune Consequences in every respect, as the original Order for the Transportation of such Offender j and fuels Offender shall be transferred, conveyed and made over to any Person who will contract for the Performance of such Transportation, and to his or their AiHgns, in like manner as if such Offender had been transported to the Place mentioned in the original Order of Transportation; and such Person or Persons so contra&ipg as aforesaid, his or their Alligns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall haye a Property in tb* Service of the said Offender for the Remainder of the Term for which the Offender was originally ordered tQ be transported; and in case any such Offender so ordered for Transportation shall he afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall have been ordered to be transported, every such Offender being th^rg^f lawfully convicted shall suffer Death, without Benefit of Clergy; and shall be tried before such Judges, and m fact manner, and the fame Evidence made use of for his or her Conviction, as is or shall be directed by the I#V| now in being, or hereafter to be made for the Trial of other Offenders who shall be at large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which they were ordered to be transported; and whoever shall discover and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender, so being at large within this Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every such Offender so convicted, and mall have such Certificate to receive the same as any Person may be entitled to for the apprehending and prosecuting to Conviction Persons who have committed any Robbery upon the Highway.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, as for as the fame relates to the Removal of Prisoners, convicted, and remaining in CulLody under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty* Pfeafure, or under Sentence or Order of Transporjtatioji to other Places of Confinement, and which are not otherwise provided for, shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament, and shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to His Majesty by Parliament.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue hie, her or their A&iou or A & ions after Issue joined, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the luxe remedy for the same as any Defendants have by Law in other cases 5 and notwithstanding a Verdict shall be given to any Plaintiff in such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Colts against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions to be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County and Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not otherwise.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force till the First Day of JJfqj One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and no longer.

CAP. CLVII.

An Act for the better Examination of Witnesses in the Courts of Equity in Ireland; and for empowering the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits in ail Parts

of Great Britain. [ 1 r th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland should he respectively

empowered to appoint fit Persons in Great Britain to be standing Commissioners for the Examination 1 of Witnesses and taking Answers and Pleas and Demurrers in Suits in Equity depending in such Court* respectively, and that the Power of granting Commissions for taking Affidavits, which is now vested in the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland, Audi be enlarged, by enabling such Courts respecti veiy to grant Commissions for the fame Purpose in all Parts of Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, k shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, or other Person or Persons having the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being, to appoint, and they are hereby vespectively authorized and empowered to appoint one or more fit and proper Person and Persons to swear and examine, in England and Scotland, Witnesses who shall be produced before such Person or Persons in England or Scotland, to be sworn and examined in Suits depending in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, as a Court of Equky; and to take in England or Scotland Answers, Pleas and Demurrers of Defendants in such Suits and Affidavits of Parties and others in such Suits, in such and the some manner as the Mailers in Ordinary of the fold Court of Chancery may swear, and the Examiner of the said Court may examine such Wkppflps, an£ as the said

- Masters

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 157. 439

Matters may take such Answers, Pleas and Demurrers, and such Affidavits, according to the Practice of the said Court.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in like manner lawful, from and Lord Treasurer after the passing of this Act, for the Lord Treasurer, Chancellor and Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland for the time being, or any Two or more of them, whereof the Lord Treasurer, Chancellor or i, eia^d may^p-Lord Chief Baron for the time being shall be One, to appoint, and they are hereby respectively authorized and point persons fur empowered to appoint, One or more fit and proper Person and Persons to swear and examine in England or Scot- fame Purpose u land, Witnesses who shall be produced before such Person or Persons in England or Scotland, to be sworn and toSu'11*in examined as Witnesses in Suits depending in the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as a Court of Equity, che<luer* and to take, in England or Scotland Answers, Pleas and Demurrers of Defendants in such S uits, and to take Am-davits of Parties and others on Suits depending in the said Court of Exchequer of Ireland, as a Court of Law or of Equity, in such and the same manner as the Barons of the said Court may swear, and may examine such Witnesses, and as the said Barons may take such Answers, Pleas and Demurrers, and such Affidavits, according to the Practice of the said Court.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for Lord Chtnceh the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, the Master of the Rolls, and the Judges of the Courts of King's lor, &c. todired Bench and Common Pleas, and the JBarons of the Exchequer, or Five or more of them, of whom the Lord° be taken High Chancellor or Lord Keeper for the time being, the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Chief Justice Qkargwu

of the Common Pleas, or the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, shall be One, shall from time to time order and direct the Fees to be taken by the several Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, ex-dufive of Travelling Charges and Expenses, when any such Commissioner shall be required to travel from his Place of Abode for any of the Purposes of this Act; and shall also from time to time order and direct the Rates to be taken for such Travelling Charges and Expences.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons so to be appointed by Authority and the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland respectively, shall hold such Offices during the Pleasure of Title of Officers the Court so appointing them, and shall be deemed and taken to be Officers of the said Court, and shall be called app0111* Extraordinary Commissioners thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that such Extraordinary Commissioners respectively shall have full Power and Authority to summon Persons to attend them respectively at such Times

and Places as they shall respectively appoint, to be sworn and examined as Witnesses in Suits depending in the Courts so appointing them, in the same manner as Commissioners appointed by Special Commission by such Courts respectively may examine such Witnesses.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall be appointed an Personi ap-Extraordinary Commissioner under the Authority of this Act, shall, previous to entering upon the Duties poinred Extraon of such Office, take the Oath of Office herein after mentioned and prescribed; which Oath shall be taken by ^, nary Commit every such Officer as shall be appointed by the Court of Chancery of Ireland to such Duty in England, A^Sudl" taka before One of the Mailers in Ordinary of the Court of Chancery of England, or other Person in England oath. appointed by the Court of Chancery of England to take Affidavits in said Court, who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same 5 which Oath shall in like manner be taken by every such

Officer as shall be appointed by the Court of Chancery of Ireland to such Duty in Scotland, before One of the Lords of the Sernons in Scotland, or other Person or Persons lawfully authorized to take Affidavits io the

laid Court, who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same; which Oath shall in

like manner be taken by every such Officer as shall be appointed by the Court of Exchequer of Ireland to such

Duty in England, before One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer of England, or other person in England

appointed by the Court of Exchequer of England to take Affidavits in said Court who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same; and which Oath shall in like manner be taken by every such Officer as shall be appointed by the Court of Exchequer of Ireland to such Duty in Scotland, before

One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer of Scotland, or other Person in Scotland appointed by the

Cour^ of Exchequer of Scotland to take Affidavits in said Court, who are hereby respectively empowere4

and required to administer the same; and every Oath so to be taken shall be, immediately after the fame hath

been taken, transmitted by the Officer so taking the famtf to the proper Officer for filing Affidavits in the

Court by which such Person has been appointed such Extraordinary Commissioner, who mall, upon Receipt

thereof, file and preserve the fame in such manner as other Affidavits made in said Court are filed and prep t

Served in his Office.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Oath to be taken in manner before mentioned shall be in the Form following:

4 J do solemnly and sincerely swear, That I will duly and faithfully, and lo

the best of my Skill and Power, execute the Office of an Extraordinary Commissioner of the Court of

of in for the Purposes mentioned in an Act passed in the

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better

Examination of Witnesses in the Courts of Equity in Ireland, and for empowering the Courts of Law and

Equity in Ireland to grant Commi/fiens for taking Affidavits in all Parts of Great Britain, and mail in every \ respect, to the best of my Knowledge, conform to the Rules and Orders of the said Court, and Provisions of the said Act. So help me GOD.*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer

of Ireland respectively, shall from time to time make such General or Particular Orders touening the Conduct of such their Officers in their respective Offices, and touching the Examination of such Witnesses, and the.>*j6 taking

Form of Oath.

Courts of Chaa. eery See, may mate Orders

55° GEORGII, III,

A3«i8p.5-

.. /. i

Tnwert of Courts of King* Bench, fee. extended, as to gr.mting Com-nJHfon* (ok'ukiig Atfcdavfti' in Jr. U..*Perjury.

touchirg Con- <$kin£ of such^o&wt^PleaMnd Demurrers, and such Affidavits in their said Courts re^ediyely, and toueb-4uct of Officer*. ing the transmitting the same to the said Courts respectively, as to the said respective (Courts shall frotp time to r*i .* timo seem fit and proper. - rt;

VIII.' And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall in England or Scotland, be'sworn-or deponed* and examined as a Witness, or sworn or deponed to the Truth of any Aqfwer tMr-Plea or Affidavits before any Officer or Officers who shall be appointed under the Authority of this Act for taking the fame* and who shall, in his or her Answer, Plea or Affidavit, wilfully swear or depone falsely, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall incur and be liable to the fame Pains and feaalties as if such Person had wilfully sworn or deponed falsely in the open Court, wherein the Suit in which such Oath vrya so taken then depended.

7 IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas in Ireland respectively, shall from and after the passing of this Act, have such and the fame Powers of granting Commissions for taking Affidavits in all Parts of Great Britain, as the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas in Ireland respectively now have in Ireland; and all and every Person and Persons wilfully swearing falsely in any Affidavit to be made before any Person who shall be empowered to take Affidavits , under. trie Authority aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall incur and be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties as if such Person had wilfully sworn falsely in the open Court wherein the Suit in which iuoh Affidavit was so taken at such time depended*

CAP. CLVIII.

Ati Ad to enable Grand Juries to present additional Sum9 for Constables in Ireland and for the

secure Conveyance of Prisoners. [11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Office of Constable, and for better enforcing the f Process of the Criminal Law in certain Parte of this Kingdom; it is, among other things, enacted, that the Grand Jury of each County at large shall and may at each Assizes present any Sum not exceeding Four

Pounds for every Constable, in every Barony or Half Barony in which a Constable shall be appointed by the Grand Juries, in certain Counties in Ireland under the said recited Act: And Whereas by an Act made

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland,

' by appointing superintending Magistrates, and additional Constables in Counties in certain Cases, as amended by 1 an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, Constables may have been appointed or continued by Grand 4. Juries in certain other Counties in Ireland; and it is expedient to provide for the better Payment of Con*

-stables so heretofore appointed or continued, or who may hereafter be appointed or continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Grand Jury of every County at large in Ireland\ shall and .may at each and every Assizes present any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every Constable who shall have been appointed or continued at any time before the passing of this Act, or who at any time after the passing of this Act shall be appointed by the Grand Jury of such County at large, in every Barony or Half Barony, under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or either of them, not exceeding such Number as may by Law be appointed in any One Barony or Half Barony; and all Sums so to be presented shall be levied and "raised out of every such Barony or Half Barony, in such Proportion as the Preleutments of the County at large are raised on such Baronies or Half Baronies respectively; and such Sums shall be presented and raised For such Constables, and shall be paid to them respectively by the Treasurers of the said Counties respectively, ' under such and the like Rules and Regulations as are required and in force with respect to the presenting, raising and paying the Sums payable to such Constables under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the Grand Jury, at any Assizes or Presenting Term in Ireland, to present such Sum as shall be necessary from time to time for providing such Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition as such Grand Jury shall deem neceflaiyjor fit for any and every such Constable to have, in and for the Execution of his Duty; and the said Sums shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County to such Person or Persons as such Grand Jury shall think proper to employ and contract with "for providing such Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition as soon as it shall appear to such Treasurer by

Receipt of the Constable, verified by the Affidavit of such Contrador, that all such Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition have been duly furnished according to the Contract for that Purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to order and direct the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, to issue out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland^ any such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall from time to time think necessary for the providing and paying for any such Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition, or any Part thereof, at such times and in such manner as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall order and direct: and that whenever it shall be notified to any such Grand Jury, that such Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition have been provided and paid for under such Orders of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, then and in such case, such Grand Jury shall not enter into any Contract for the Supply of any such Arms, Accoutrements or Ammunition, or of such Part thereof <as ifiall be mentioned in such Notification; and thereupon such Sum or Sums as shall he predated for the fame,

1 or

3* G. 3. (I.) 16.

4.

O.3. c. 131 Ants, c. 13.

Grand June* -empowered to present 10L at every Affixes, for Constables appointed by Grand Juries under Ada.

Grand Juries to present Sums for Arms for Constables.

Money for Arms paid oat of Consolidated fund.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII IU. 0.158, 159. 441

or such Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be paid over by the Treasurer of the County to the Collector of £xclfe of the District, to be by him applied in like manner as other Public Money in his Hands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Lwntaniat

Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in his or their Discretion, on the Petition of any such Constable, supported by the Recommendation of the Grand Jury of the County within which such Constable shall be*

appointed, and by such Certificates as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall Juries to present require or direct, of the Continuance of the Service of such Constable, and of his having executed the Duty yearly Allow-of his Office with Diligence and Fidelity, to order that such Constable shall and may be superannuated, and anci*

shall and may receive such yearly Allowance, Remuneration or Superannuation, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall seem fitting and proper, upon the Conditions, and not exceeding the Proportions in this Act mentioned; and thereupon such Constable shall cease to hold such Office, and the yearly Sum to which he shall so become entitled, shall be presented by the Grand Jury in Two equal Sums, one at each Assize, during his Life, on its being proved to the Satisfaction of such Grand Jury that such person is living.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Condition and Proportion of such Allowance, Remune- Conditionnd ration or Superannuation shall be as follows: Where any Constable shall be under Sixty Years of Age, it Proportions rf shall not be lawful to grant any such Allowance, Compensation, Remuneration or Superannuation, unless p' Tbks upon Certificate from the Grand Jury of the County that such Constable is incapable from Infirmity of Mind p^nnoatod^ or Body to discharge the Duties of his Office 5 in which case if he shall have served with Diligence and

Fidelity for Ten Years, it shall and may be lawful to grant to him by way of Superannuation, any annual

Sum not exceeding One third of the Salary of his Office 5 if above Ten Years and less than Twenty, any such Sum'not exceeding One half of such Salary 5 if above Twenty Years, any such Sum not exceeding Two

thirds of such Salary; if such Constable shall be above Sixty Years of Age, and he shall have served Fifteen

Years or upwards, it shall and may be lawful, although there shall be noTuch Certificate of Incapacity, from

Infirmity of Body or Mind, to grant to him by way of Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding Two

thirds of the Salary of his Office; if Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he shall have served Forty'»

Years or upwards, any Sum not exceeding Three fourths of such Salary; if Sixty five Years of Age or upwards,

and he shall have served Fifty Years or upwards, any such Sum not exceeding the whole of such Salary.

1 VI. And Whereas on the Removal of Persons under Sentence of Transportation, or pardoned on Condition of Transportation, from the Gaol of the County to the Place of Embarkation, the usual Course in*Ireland hath been, that the Expence of every such Removal hath been borne by the County in which the ' Person so removed was ponvicted; and it is doubtful whether the fame be sufficiently provided for by Law;*

Be it therefore enacted, That whenever any Person under Sentence of Transportation, or pardoned on Con- Grtnd Junta to cition of Transportation, shall be so removed, then and in every such case the Amount of all and every the Costs, Prefeut Ex-Charges and Expences of such Removal, being duly vouched by the Affidavit of the Sheriff or Sheriffs or Sub Sheriff of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which the Person so removed shall have ported Felons, been convicted, or by any other Officer having the Charge of such Removal, shall be presented by the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, at the next or any subsequent Assizes or Presenting Term, to be raised on such County, County of a City or County of a Town; which Sum so presented shall be so raised accordingly, and paid by the Treasurer thereof to such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Sub Sheriffs or other Officer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Constable shall, by virtue of a Mittimus under the Rate allowed t* Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace carry and convey and safely lodge in the County Gaol, any Person Person* (not ex-or Persons charged with any Treason or Felony, and committed to such Constable by such Justice, the Sum of Su so

Three pence ter Mile for each Mile such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be carried or conveyed, shall be paid to jn^Prjonwfar each of such Number of Persons as such Justices shall think necessary for guarding such Prisoner or Prisoners Treason or to the County Gaol, and who shall go along with such Constable to the County Gaol with such Prisoner or Felony to Prisoners; which said Sums shall be prefepted by the Grand Juries of the respective Counties at the next or Pdson. any subsequent Assizes, to be raised on such County; which Sum so presented shall be raised accordingly, and shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County: Provided always, that no such Sum or Sums shall he paid by any such Treasurer, unless such Persons so employed in guarding such Prisoners to any such Gaols aforesaid, shall produce a Copy of the Mittimus under which such Prisoner or Prisoners were committed, and v Receipt from the Gaoler of such County Gaol, acknowledging that such Prisoner or Prisoners were fafelj lodged ip Gaol, and provided that the Number of Persons so employed shall not exceed Six on any Occasion,

CAP. CLIX.

At* Ad to amehd federal Aft3 relating to Hackney Coaches; for authorizing the licensing qi au,

additional* Number of Hackney Chariots; and for licensing Carriages drawn by One Horse.

'.[i«th>J«/y 1815.]

YY7JHIEREA5 an Act was passed in th(j Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- 54 G, ^. c. 1 I .W titled An Act for tf»e better Regulation of the Drivers of Licensed Hackney Coaches; for explaining

\ and amending an A % pqjfed in the Forty eighth Tear of Ills present Majesty relating to Hackney Coaches; and I for authoritcing theficcnfng of a limited Number of Hackney Chariots: And Whereas the rrorifions in the f, said for providing and delivering Tickets, have been found inexpedient Be it therefore

{by : Thee: , Kjujj^Mpft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Conuftona, in this present Parliament assembled, and bj- the Authority dfthe'fanie, TH&t,

55 Geo. III.*3 L from

44*

§ x — 13*'

repealed.

7

Commisskmers may Ucenfc zoo additional Hackney Chariots above Number under 54 G. 3. c. 147- §15-Regulation as to Number of Periods carried in C Harriots.

Carriages with Two Wheel* drawn by One Horse licenced.

Duty on Licences.

Fares.

To carry Two Persons.

Orders, &c. in former Hackney Coach Acts to eitend to such Carriages.

48 G. 3. c. 87.

§4.

repeated.

Additional

Parts.

[Proviso.]

0.139.

53° diORGii in.

A.D. 1815.

from and after the faffing 6f thiri Act, so much of the said belted Act ris related to the providing of Tickets, a* in the said Act mentioned, or delivering any such Tickets to Per fobs payitig Fares, or as prohibits Complaints* unless Tickets are produced, or riOcouhring for any such Tickets, ana rill Prctfifions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act Contained, ' in relation to such Tickets, shall hi and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

H. And Whereas the Hackitey Chariot^ which have been licensed under the said recited Act of the la#

Semon of Parliament ha^e bteh found Very useful and convenient, and it is expedient to allow of an additional < Number of such Charioti* Be it therefore enacted, That ft shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, to licence any additional Number 6f Hackney Chariots not eicefedirig Two Hundred, otefr and above the said Number of Two Hundred in the said recited Act mentioned, arid in Addition to the? Number of Hackney Coaches allowed to be licensed, as and When in their Discretion they shall see fit.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Owner or Driver of any Hackney Chariot shall be compellable

or compelled to carry more than Three (a) Persons (not being Children in Arms or Lap) in his Chariot, and £ Servant on the Oiitiide at the famfc time, but every Owner or Driver of any Hackney Chariot who shall act dally carry any greater Number shall be entitled to demand and to receive for every such additional Person (not being a Child in Arms or Lap), the Siirft of Oiife Shilling, dvet and above his regular Fare; and if hei shall carry any such additional Person into the Country, rind bring the fame or ririy Other ridditional Person back again, shall be entitled to demand and teceivt?, over and above his regular Fate, the Stim of Ode Shilling^ for going into the Country, and the Sum of One Shilling for returning; any thing id any Act or Acts or Parl, iriment relating to Hackney Chach's to the contrary notWithHanding. (a) 54 G. 3. c. 147. $ 17.J

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Cotrimissioners For lrcenfing and regulatings Hackney Coaches, by and with the Approbation and Direction in Writing of the Lords Coitimissionen or His Majesty's Treasury, of any Three or more of them, and they are hereby atithoriZed and empowered under their Hands and Seals to license such Number of Carriages with Two Wheels and drawn by One Horse* as shall be specified in any such Approbation and Direction as aforesaid 5 and the Owfteri rind Drivers of such Two Wheeled Carriages shall be chargeable rind charged with the like Sum for Licences as are how payable for Licences for Hackney Coaches, and shall be entitled to deihand, take and receive Twd thirds of the Amount of the Fared, Rates and benefits established by LriW for Hackney Coaches and Chariots; and no Owner or Driver of any such Two Wheeled Carriage shall be dompellable to carty more than Two Persons and all Orders, Rules, Regulations, Bye-Laws, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clriufes, Provisions, Matters arid Things* contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches or Chariots in the Cities of London. and Westminster shall extend and apply to and be put in force in relation to all such licensed Carriages, and the Owners and Drivers thereof, and to all Persons using the fame, in like manner in every respect, and as fully and effectually, as if the fame were in this Act severally and respectively re-enacted and repeated in relation ta such Carriages, and as if the said Carriages had been included in the said Acts.

;V. And Whereas by an Act passed in the forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty re-

Iatirig to Hackney Coaches, Hackney Coachmen are authorized to demand certain Fates over and above the ordinary and established Fares, where Hackney Coaches are hired and driven into the Country after certain Hours, as in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient that such additional Fares should be repealed, and other Fares substituted in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after \ht passing of this Act, such additional Fares shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that from henceforth the several additional Fares after mentioned shall be payable and paid 5 that is to say, in case any Hackney Coach or Chariot shall be hired in any Part of the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof* the Borough of Southwark, or any Place adjoining thereto, where there Is a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, or at any Standing, for Hackney Coaches or Chariots beyond any such regular Continuation qF Carriageway Pavement, and discharged after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, between the Periods of Michaelmas Day and Lady Day, and after the Hour of Nine in the Evening between the Periods of Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, at any Place where there is riot a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement as aforesaid, there shall or may be demanded over and above the ordinary and established Fare, the full Rate or Fare allowed by the said recited Act, to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement, or to any Standing for Hackney Coaches or Chariots beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Privement* where such Coach or Chariot shall have been hired, at the Option of the Person difehapging such Coach or Chariot 5 and in case any Hackney Coach or Chariot shall be hired and driven into the Country, and then discharged in the Day time, and not after the Hours hereinbefore respectively mentioned, there shall or may be demanded, for the Return thereof to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement, or to any Standing for Hrickney Coaches or Chariots beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement where such Coach or Chariot shall have been hired, at the Option of the Person discharging such Coach or Chariot, for each and every Mile above the Number of Four Miles, the additional Rate or Fare of Six pence*Provided nevertheless, no such Allowance for Return shall be made for any lesser Distance than Four Miles^ calculated as aforesaid.

VI. Arid Whereas by the Laws(£) nowin force, Authority is given to Justices of the Peace to award Satisfaction, in case of Persons refuting or omitting to pay to Coachmen or Chairmen the Money due for the

Hire of their Coaches, or wilfully injuring such Coaches or Chairs, and to issue their Wartauts for bringing

such Persons before them, but no Authority is given to enforce the Payment of such Satisfaction so awarded*

and it h expedient that such Authority should be given Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person shall

(3) [$Aun.c % 23. $22.3.

refuse

c.

55° GEORG! in, C. .53.

refuse or omit to pay the Driver of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, or any Chairman, the Money justly due^o 'trim for the Hire of the Coach or Chariot or Chair hired, or shall wilfully deface or in any mamier injure the fame, it shall and may he .lawful for any Justice of the Peace upon Complaint .thereof to grant^Summon?, or if it shall appear to him necessary a Warrant, for bringing before him the offending Party or Parties, and upon 'Proof made upon Oath to award reasonable Satisfaction to the Party so complaining for his Damage and Colts, 'and also a reasonable Compensation for the Loss of time on his Attendance in establishing such Complaint, and upon Refusal to pay or make such Satisfaction, to commit such Person or Persons to Prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding bne Month, or until the Amount of such Satisfaction shall be paid and discharged.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for regulating Hackney Coaches, or the major Part of them, to diredf and regulate the Number or Numbers and Mode or Modes of Distinction, as well interior as exterior, to be adopted and used by each Coach and Chariot, and from time to time to make such' Orders and Regulations in respect to such numbering or marking, as to them shall seem expedient; and every Owner of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, who shall neglect or refuse to comply therewith, shall be subject to the Revocation of his Licence, or shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them; and in case of Nonpayment, the fame may be levied by Did refs on his, her or their Goods and Chattels.

yril. And be it further enacted, That upon any Complaint of the Owner of any Hackney Coach or Chariot licensed by the said Commissioners against his or her Driver, or of a Driver against his Matter, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered to enquire into the fame, and to determine therein, and to award such Compensation to be made as to them respectively shall seem proper; and to pumffi any such Owner or Driver, by infficting any Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and in case of Nonpayment the fame may be levied by Distress on his, her or their Goods or Chattels.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Driver in whole Coach or Chariot any Property whatever shall be left, by any Person. or Persons hiring the fame, and who shall not. carry such Property within Four Days after the same shall have been so left, in the State in which it was found, to the Hackney Coach Office, and deposit the fame with one of the Clerks of the said Office, shall be subject and liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them; and the Gieck With whom such Property is deposited is hereby required to give a Receipt for the fame, and to make mn Entry in a Book to be kept at the said Office, of the Description thereof, the Name and AdJrcfs of the Driver bringing the same, and the Day on which it is brought; and the Property so entered shall be returned to the Person or Persons respectively, who shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that the fame belonged to him, her or them, such Person or Perform previously paying all Expences incurred, together with such reasonable Sum to the Driver who brought the fame, as with reference Co the Value of the Property in Question the said Commissioners shall award; provided nevertheless, that if such Property shall not be proved to belong to some Person or Persons within One Year, the fame having been ad-tertifed in such manner as the said Commissioners may direct, such Property shall be sold; and after dedu&irxg from the Produce of the Sale all the Expences incurred, the Balance shall be paid to the Driver who deposited the lame.

X. At«4 be it further cnacied, That no Agreement or Engagement whatever, at any tjinc or on any Occa-Con made with the Driver of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, for the Payment of more than his established Fare, shall be ^binding on the Person or Persons making the same, but any such Person or Persons may, notwithstanding any such Agreement pr Engagement, refuse, on discharging such Coach or Chariqt, the Payment of any Sum heyond the established Fare $ and in case such Person or Persons shall actually pay to the Driver of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, whether in pursuance of any such Agreement or Engagement, or not, any Sum exceeding his established Fare, which shall have been demanded or required by.such Driver, the Person or Fafiogr.payffig the same shall be entitled, on Complaint against such Driver, to recover the Overplus paid; and such Driver mail be subject and liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied in case of Nonpayment by Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender.

jJfJ. And be it further enacted, That in case any Driver of any Hackney Coach or Chariot shall leave his Coach or Chariot at any Theatre or other Place of Public Resort or Entertainment unattended, whether he shall be hired or not, it shall and may be lawful for any Inspector of Hackney Coaches, Officer of Police, Constable or other Peace Officer, Watchman or Patrole, to drive away such Coach or Chariot, and deposit the fame at the nearest Place of Deposit; and the Driver of such Hackney Coach shall be subject and liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied in case of Nonpayment, by Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender.

XII. And Whereas by the Laws fn) now in force, the Drivers of Hackney Coaches are allowed after they have been out with their-Coaches Twelve Hours, to refuse to go with Persons desirous of hiring their Coaches:

And W^crcftfl> this Permission is frequently made the Plea for Extortion, and is otherwise inexpedient +9 Be

it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Driver who shall ply for Hire shall refuse, on the Pretext of having been out Twelve Hours (although he may have been out that time), to go with any Perfoq ^or Persons desirous of hiring his Coach or Chariot, in any Direction, or to any Distance prescribed by Law, at the established FareB. (a) [See 48 (7.3. r. 87. $8.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time bung, or the majpr Part of them, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, when it may appear to them necessary, upon any Complaint teing lodged before them against any Owner or Driver of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, or against any Waterman or Assistant to Hackney Coachmen, or against any Chairman, to aftye their Summons for the Appqurance before them, or their Warrant for the Apprfhension of such

3 L 2*' Owner,

443

Persons refilling to pay Driver his Fare»or Da triages, Justices m3y grant Summons or Warrant.

Imprisonment.

Commissioneie to regulate numbering of Coaches and Chariots.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners to hear and determine Com plaints between O vners and Drivers of Hack* ney Coaches. Penalty.

Driven of Hackney Coaches wherein Property left, 50 carry fame to Harkuey Coach Office within certain time, off subject to Penalty.

[Proviso.]

Agreement to pay more than established Fare not binding.

[Penalty.]

Hackney Coachmen leaving Coack" unattended.

[Penalty.]

Drivers not to refuse Fare although they n)ny have been out T welve Hours.

Commissioners or Justices may summon qn> Complaint, Owners, Drivers or Watermen, before theui.

Drivers of Hackney Coaches, Chairmen or Watermen using abu-five Language) or obit rutting Police Officen, &c.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Application of Penalties.

Petukiee, kc. of former Arts continued in force.

Order in Council, 21 June 1815.

Ships, &c. taken by His Majesty Y Snips, and adjudged Prize, divided according to His Majesty's Proclamation.

Shares refereed when Allies art in Conjunction.

Arm?, &c. taken by His Majesty's Ships in any dottrels on 1.anil, and Ships, Ac ia any

C. 159, 160. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Owner, Driver, Waterman or Chairman, to be examined touching the said Complaint, or to answer the fame, as the case may be.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Driver of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, or any Chairman or Waterman, who shall make use of any abusive or insulting Language, or other rude Behaviour, or who shall obstruct any Inspector of Hackney Coaches, Officer of Police, Constable, or other Peace Officer, Watchman or Patrole, in the Execution of his Duty, and who shall on Complaint being made before any Justice of the Peace, or the Commissioners of the Hackney Coaches, or the major Part of them, be conrifted of the fame, shall be subject and liable to a Penalty, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, or Commissioners as aforesaid, not in any case exceeding Ten Pounds; and in Default of the Payment of such Penalty so to be awarded, to be committed to Prison for a Period notin any case exceeding Two Months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered under this Act, or under any former Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to Hackney Coaches, shall be applied. One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Pain9, Penalties, Fines and Forfeiture^, of whatsoever natuft the fame may be, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches, in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Regulations contained in any such Act or Acts (unless where expressly altered by this Aftl shall be, and the same are hereby declared to continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made.

CAP. CLX.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy

during the present War.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS His Majesty by His Order in Council dated the Twenty first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, was pleased to order that General Reprisals be granted against the*Ships, Goods and Subjects of France, subject to such Exceptions as His Majesty may at any time or times*hereafter be pleased to declare, so that as well His Majesty's Fleet and Ships, as also all other Ship9 and Vessels that mould be commissionated by Letters of Marque, or General Reprisals, or otherwise, by His Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall and lawfully*may seize all Ships, Vessels and Goods belonging to France, or to any Persons being Subjects of France, or inhabiting within any of the Territories of France, faring such Exceptions as His Majesty may at any time or times hereafter be pleased to declare, and bring the same to Judgment: And Whereas His Majesty hath, of ' His Royal Munificence, been graciously pleased, by His Proclamation dated on the said Twenty first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to declare His Intention to give the Benefit of all Prizes taken during the present War to the Captors thereof, being in His Majesty's Service, or duly commissioned, save*as therein exceptedNow, for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of His Majesty's Ships of War, and of Hired Armed Vessels in the Service of His Majesty, and of the Owners, and Officers and Seamen, of all other British Ships and Vessels having Commissiona or Letters of Marque; and for inducing all Briitfly Seamen, who may be in any Foreign Service, to return into this Kingdom, and become ferriceable to His Majesty; and for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of His Majesty's Subjects, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders and other Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, on board any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Pay, shall have the whole Right and Interest to and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandize, described in the said Order in Council by which His Majesty has ordered General Reprisals to be granted against the Ships, Goods and Subjects of France, which they have taken subsequent to the Date of the said Order, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities against France, after the same shall have been adjudged lawful Prize to His Majesty, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, which shall be duly authorized to take Cognizance of the fame, to be divided in such Proportions, and after such manner, as His Majesty, by His Proclamation, hath already ordered and directed, or as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct by any Proclamations hereafter to be issued; and the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, on board His Majesty's Hired Armed Ships, shall have such Right and Interest to and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandize, which they have taken or shall take as aforesaid, after Adjudication as aforesaid, as His Majesty, by His Proclamation, hath been pleased to direct, or as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may order and direct by any Proclamation hereafter to be issued: Provided nevertheless, that in all Prizes taken by any of His Majesty's Squadrons, Ships or Vessels, while acting in Conjunction with any Squadron, Ship or Vessel, of any other Power in Alliance with His Majesty, a Share of such Prizes shall be set apart, and be it His Majesty's Disposal, equal to that Share which the Flag and other Officers and Crews of such Squadrons, Ships or Vessels, would have been entitled to if they-had belonged to His Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Flag Officers, Commanders and other Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, on board every Ship and Vessel of War in His Majesty's Pay, being armed, officered and employed in His Majesty's Service, who shall take any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, t Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any Public trading Company of any of His Majesty's Enemies upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, or Goods or Merchandize

14 laden

Creek, &c. defended thereby,

ui

o x

D wi fi of of^iire taitepln Q»i7v

J5° GEO&'GtJ) III. of C, i6q.

laden on board^fame, r in?my Oreqk, Ri ver, Haven ocRoaA belgmgipg^o and defended by fu#b Fartfgfs upon the Land, shall have the foie Right and Interest to and in all and every such Ship.or, Arms,

Ammunition, Stores of W^r, Goods, fdexfbajidize and Ttea/ure, after final.Adjudication, thcyey a^ fitful Prize to His Majesty, in awy of JEdis Maje$y's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, duly authorized, 3* aforesaid (which Courts are hereby ^required to proceed thereon as in other cases of Prize), to be distribu^d ip fhch Manner and Proportion as in other cases of Prize- r

fa

III. And be it further enacted, That in Conjund Expeditions of the Navy and Army agpinftaqy nportrefs or Possessiou of His Majesty's Enemies upon the Land, the Flag and General Officers, apd Cons-.

wflanderfr and other Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, acting on such Conjund Expeditions, shall haye JfArroy anS* such proportional Right and littered as His Majesty shall think its to order and direct, in all the-Arips, j*avy..*

Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any .Public Company of such Enemies, which dial).be found in such, Fortress or Possession, and alfp in all apd fseiylship or Vessel, with their Arms, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, and all. tho.GftO^ w ' Merchandize and other Effects on board the fame, which shall be captured in any Road, Haven, Oliver or to such Fortress or Possession, after final Adjudication thereof .asiawful Prize to His Majesty in any of the Courts aforesaid (which Courts are hereby required to proceed thereon to lawful, Adjudication^;

4md the Share assigned to the Fleet by such Directions shall be distributed in the same Manner apd Jrropor- -

[Proviso.]

ilions as in other cases of Prize and the Shape assigned to the Army shall be distributed amongst the, Officers >and Soldiers, in fuel^manner as His Majesty shall under His Sign Manual be pleased to direct: Provided nevertheless, that the Right and Interest hereby given to the Army employed on such Conjund Expeditions

shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle the said Army to Share in the Distribution of any Ships or Vessels, Goods, Merchandize/or Effects captured in the Voyage to or from such Fortress or

Possession.

tV. And be it further enacted, That 5ho Pfeffon or Persons belonging to any of His Majesty's Ships or Personi running Vessels of War, or to any Merchant Ship employed in His Majesty's Service, who shall run away, or with- ded^Tprize-. draw himself or themselves frojnthe /Ship or Vessel by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken from wftqy of and

His Majesty's Enemies, or shall otherwise desert or withdraw himself or themselves. from His Majesty's ^eTvioe, Shares not 'before or after Notification as by Law directed shall be given, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the claimed in ^iz several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, or who shall be marked on the Books of any $hip Years, to goto or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as having run therefrom, shall have, or be entitled to have or claim, any Interest in or Benefit from the said Share or Shares, of the said Prize, or Prizes, or the Bounty Money herein after mentioned, or any Part thereof, that shall then remain unpaid; but such Shares , and also the Share* of all Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others, as well on board lured armed Shipp as on board His Majesty's Ships of War, which shall not be legally demanded within Six Years after the fame have been paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, by virtue of any Law then in force, shall be forfeited to, and to the Use of the said Royal Hospital, unless with respect to such Officers and Seamen as shall be marked " Run, " such Mark shall be taken off by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy; provided nevertheless. On reasonsble with respect to the Shares of inch Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers hereinbefore mentioned, which Cause, shewn, shall not be claimed within the time above limited in that behalf, that if reasonable Cause shall be /hewn and unclaimed allowed by the Directors of Greenwich Hospital for the time being, or Five or more of them, or by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, why inch last mentioned Shares were not claimed in due time, the said Shares shall not be forfeited.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, or Boat, taken as Prize, or any Goods therein, shall appear and be proved in any Court of Admiralty havuig legal Cognizance thereof, to h^ve

Shares not forfeited.

VefleU, Stc. of His Majesty*

belonged to any of His Majesty's Subjects (which Ships, Vessels, Boats or Goods were before taken or fur- r'

prized by any of His Majesty's Enemies, and at any time afterwards again surprized and retaken by any of Eaero/reftortd His Majesty's Ships of War, or any Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel or Boat, under His Majesty's Protection on payment>f and Obedience), such Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods as aforesaid, formerly belonging to His Majesty's Salvage. - \ Subjects, shall in all cases save in such as are hereafter excepted), be adjudged to be restored, and shall oe, by the Decree of the said Court of Admiralty, accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, he or they paying, for and in lieu of Salvage, if retaken by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or hired armed Ships, One eighth Part of the true Value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods respectively so to be restored, which said Salvage of One eighth shall be answered and paid to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, iu His Majesty's said Ship or Ships of War, to be divided in such manner as before in this Act is directed, touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, where Prizes are taken by aity of His Majesty's Ships of War; and, if retaken by auy Privateer or other $hip, Vessel or Boat, One sixth Part of the true Value of the said Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods, all which Payments.to be made to the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen, of such Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be without any Deductions, and shall be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them respecting the Distribution of Prizes 5 and in case such Ship, Vessel, Boat or Goods, shall have been retaken by the joint Operation or Means of One or more of His Majesty's Ships, and One or more Private Ship or Ships, then the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or other Court having Cognizance thereof, shall r order and adjudge such Salvage to be paid to the Recaptors by the Owner or Owners of such retaken Ship,

Vessel, Boat or Goods, as he shall, under the circumstances of the case, deem fit and reasonable, which Salvage so to be adjusted, shall be accordingly paid by the Owners of such retaken Ship, Vessel or Goods, to the

'Agents

In what case Sfcp«k*ow4 hut.

Bounty of ji. for every Man on board at beginning of Engagement of an] Ships of War of Enemy taken ok destroyed.

Oath.

Certificate*

Proviib.

[Proviso.]

ProyiTo.

Appeal.

Bills for Bounty payable to Agents.

C. 160. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

AgenH of the Recaptors, in such Proportion* as the said Court shall adjudge; but if any Ship or Vessel tabes and retaken as aforesaid, (halt appear to haare been, after the taking by His Majesty's Enemies, by them set forth as a Ship or Vessel of War, the said Ship or Vessel shall not be restored to the former Owners or Proprietors, but shall, in all cases, whether retaken by any of His Majesty's Ships or by any Privateer, be adjudged lawful Prize for the Benefit of the Captors.

VI. And, as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others, on hoard His Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Privateers, to attack any Ships of War or Privateers belonging bo the Enemy, be it enacted, That -there shall be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others, j who shall have heen actually on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or hired armed Vessels, or of any Privateer, at the actual taking, sinking, burning or otherwise destroying, any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer belonging to the Enemy, during the present War, Five Pounds for every Man who. was living on board any Ship or Vessel so taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, at the beginning of the Attack or Engagement bet wet them, the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oath of Three or snore of the Chief Officers -or Men who were belonging to the said Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer of Ifhe Enemy, or belonging to any of them at the time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed; or, in case so many -as Three shall not survive the Engagement, upon the Oath of such of them as shall survive, before the 'Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of the Port within any of His Majesty'js Dommions, whereunto such Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as were taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, ffiaU be brought, or before the British Consul or Vice Consul redding at any Neutral Port tp which such Prize, or Officers or Men, shall be brought, which Oaths the said Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any such Port, or Consul or Vice Consul, are hereby respectively empowered and required tp administer; and the said Ma»yor or other Person shall, without Fee or Reward, forthwith grant a Certificate tfhereerf, and also of the Deponents or Deponent having likewise made Oath that, to the bed of his or their Knowledge and Belief, no other Person belonging to the Enemy's Ships or Ship survived the Engagement, which Certificate shall be directed to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy; and, upon the Production thereof to them, together with an authentic Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation of such Ship so taken; or where such Certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation, whereby the Number of Men on board such Ships of the Enemy shall appear to have been proved; or if such Ships be sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, or Consul or Vice Consul as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within Fifteen Days, make out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, dhre&ed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to and to be divided amongst the Officers, Seamen, Marinos and Soldiers, on board His Majesty's Ships of War, or hired armed Ships, in Manner, Form and Proportion, ns by His Majesty's Proclamation for granting the Distribution of Prizes already issued or to be issued, is or shall be directed and appointed, and amongst the Owners, Officers and Seamen, of any Private Ship or Vessel of War, in such Manner and Proportion as by any Agreement in Writing they shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed: Provided nevertheless, that in all cases where such Oath and Certificate cannot be administered and granted at the First Port whereunto any Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as 'have been or shall be taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, such Oath or Oaths relating to any Prize or Prizes that shall be taken, or to any Ships of His Majesty's Enemies that shall be sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed as aforesaid, shall and may be administered.and taken by and before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any Port within any of His Majesty's Dominions, or by or before the : Britt/b Consul or Vice Consul residing at any Neutral Port whereunto such Prize or Prizes, or Officers or Men of such Ships belonging to His Majesty's Enemies as have or shall be taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, shall at any time afterwards be brought, Proof being first made by Affidavit before such Person or Persons, of the Inability of making such Oath or Oaths, and obtaining such Certificate at the said first .Port; and the (Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice Consul, shall thereupon grant such Certificates as are herciil--before directed, which Certificates shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were ^granted by the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice Consul, of the Port to which such Prize or Prizes, Officers or Men as aforesaid, shall be first brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that where such Oath of the Number of Men on board any Ship or f8hips so taken, 'burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed, cannot be had by reason of the total Destruction of the /Officers and Crew of such Ship or Ships, then, «tud in every such case, the Number of Men.on board such Ship or Ships, at the beginning of the Attack or Engagement, shall be ascertained by such Evidence, as* under 'the circumfhmces of the»case, shall by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge 6f any other Court o( Admiralty duly authorized, be deemed sufficient Proof thereof: Provided likewise* that in any cases in which Doubts shall arise, whether the Party or Parties claiming Head Money are entitledthereto, the same shall be iummariiy determined by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any other Gourt of Admiralty, in which the Prize shall have been adjudged, subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the 'Lords Commissioners of Appealin Prize Causes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to the Commanding Officers, Seamen, Marines and others of 'His Majesty's Ships of War, or hired armed Ships, 'for*taking, sinking, burning or otherwise destroying any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of His Majesty'^Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized and appointed, as the Law 'dirc&fts, Agents for Appraisements and Sales of such Prizes in respect of which such Bounty shall be payable, the

11 feme

A.D. 18S 13. 55° GEORGII III. C. 160. 447

faitte Bounty to be distribtited and divided by the said Effort or Person4 so fttrfhorized and appoitted aiHoifgft;

the Captors, in such Manner, Form and Proportion as aforesaid \ and the federal Shanes or such Captors as Division and

/Kail run from His Majesty's Service and of such as shall not be legally demanded within the times prescribed rfe, turea* '

for the Demand of Prize Money, shall be applied to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich) subject

to the fame Provisoes and Exceptions as in the Case of Prize Montes; and that the Bill or Bills to be madt

dut for the Bounty hereby granted to Privateers for taking, burning, sinking or otherwise destroyine, any Ships

of War or Privateers belonging to any of His Majesty's Ehemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen of such Privatatr

or Privateers, who shall have taken, burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed the fame, or the major Part of thesis

to be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Regulations herein contained respecthig Prizes shall apply to all Regulation! of Cases of Bounty Money granted by this Act, and to all cases of Salvage upon Recaptures frola His Majesty's t^n|utn°t*p^ Jjiicrruts*

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to fanfom, No or to enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Stibjcfts, or any Merchandize or Goods on board the fame which shall be captured by the Subjects of any Majesty's Sub-State at War with His Majesty, or by any Persons committing Hostilities against His Majesty's Subjects, jeai ransomed. unless in the case of Necessity, to be allowed by the High Court of Admiralty.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Contrafta artd Agreements which (haR be entered into, bud all Comma* for Bills, Notes and other Securities, which shall be given by any Person or Persons for ransom of any Ship ot Rsafem vo*d. Vessel, or of any Merchandize or Goods on board the fame, contrary to this Act, shall be absolutely mill and

foid in Law, and of no Effect whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person Or Person* shall, contrary to this Act, ransom, or enter Ransoming con. into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any such Ship or Vessel, or any Merchandize or Goods on board trary to

the fame, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Penalty. Bounds. k '

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of or

War, or of any hired armed Ship in His Majesty's Service, or of any Private Ship or Vessel of War, shall agree storjL^hips^r with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons of or belonging to any Neuttal or other Ship Good* ufcse jS-or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or the respective Cargo or Cargoes thereof, of any Past thereof, for the Ransom of priie.

tny such Ship, Vessel or Cargo, or any Part thereof, after the same shall have been taken as Prize, and shall, in pursuance of such Agreement, or otherwise by Collusion, actually quit, set at liberty, restore or discharge any such Ship, Vessel or Cargo, or any Part thereof, in (lead of bringing the feme into some Port belonging to His Majesty's Dominions, or after the same shall have been brought into Pott, (haM by Collusion restore tbt fame, that then every such Commander of foth Ship or Vessel of War, or hired armed Ship, or Private Ship os Vessel of War, who shall agree for arty such Ransom, and shall so as aforesaid quit, set at liberty, restore or discharge, any such Ship, Vessel or Cargo, of any Part thereof, unless in case of Necessity, to be allowed by the High Court of Admiralty, shall forfeit and fufler such Penalty or Fine as the said Court shall adjudge; and the Penalties. Commander of such Private Ship of War shall Kkewife forfeit Ms Letter of Marque.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it hereby enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel or Boat, belonging to any Ship* of His of His Majesty's Subjects, which shall have been taken by the Enemy, shall be retaken before (he has been cmv

ried into an Enemy's Port, it shall be lawful for her, if the Recaptors content thereto, to prosecute her Voyage, Carried

and it shall not be necessary for the Recaptors to proceed to Adjudication till after Six Months, or till the jDto Port, may Return of the Ship to the Port from which (he failed 5 and it shall be lawful for the Mailer, the Owners, or profeoite their Agent, with the Consent of the Recaptors, to Unlade and dispose of their Cargoes before Adjudication Veysge. and in case the Vessel shall not return directly to the Port fibih whwee (he failed, or the Recaptors shall have had no opportunity of proceeding regularly to the Adjudication within Sit Months, on account of the Ah&nce of the said Vessel, the Court of Admiralty shall, at the Instafice of the RecaptorB, decree the.Restitution to the former Owners, paying Salvage, upon such Evidence as to the said Court mall, under the chrcumstances of the case, appear reasonable,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandize, shall be Collufif* taken by the Commander, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Privateer by Collusion or Connivance, the Ship and Vessel, and Goods and Merchandize so taken, shall upon Proof thereof, and.that the said Ship, Vessels, Goods or Merchandize are lawful Prize, to be made in any Court of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to His Majesty and one Moiety thereof (naU be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the fame: and the Bond given by the Captain or Commander of such Privateer shall be, and is hereby declared to be, forfeited to His Majesty 5 and in case any Ship or Vessel, or any Goode or Merchandize as aforesaid, shall be taken by any Commander, Captain or other Officer having the Command of any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to His Majesty, or of any hired armed Vessel in His Majesty's Service, by Collusion or Connivance, the said Snip, Vessel, Goods and Merchandize so taken, shall, on Proof thereof, and that the same are lawful Prize, to be made in any Court of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to His Majesty, and shall remain at the Disposal of His Majesty; and the said Commander, Captain or other Officer aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds, Onfc 1>#na, tP Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Giber Moiety the Use of fitch Person who shall discover and sue for the same.

C.

4H»

Commanders deferring Convoys, or failing out of Course having His Majesty's V, Dispatches, in pursuit of Prize to forfeit Shares.

Private Ships having Commission for War, whilst under Convoy, not to ihare in Prizes.

Admiralty may rtTue letters of Marque.

Division of

Prize tiken by Private Coraraiffyoned Ships.

Exception as to Vessels iu Service of Customs or Excise.

Appjjcatjous lor Letters of Marque in Writing, and to contain Particulars enumerated.

inspectimi mnde

of Ship;

, ' s jKdHOtieii^m? aver*a*5:

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Captain, or other Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Vessels in His Majesty's Service, having Transports or Merchant Shi^s or Vessels under Convoy, shall wilfully desert or fail away from them, in pursuit of and with the view of capturing any Ship or Vessel of the Enemy (other than Ships or Vessels armed and fitted for War, and which shall be seen hovering about or bearing down upon such Convoy), or, having captured a Prize, shall wilfully desert the Convoy for the Purpose of carrying his Prize into Port; or if the Commander of any Ship or VeflVL whatsoever, having His Majesty's Dispatches on board, shall fail out of his proper Course in pursuit of and with the view of making Prize of any Ship or Vessel of the Enemy, and shall be duly convicted thereof by Sentence of a Court Martid, such Commander shall forfeit the Share of all and every such Prize to His Majesty, for the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall entitle any Private Ship or Vessel having a Commission for War, and which shall receive General Orders and Instructions from, and put herself under the Convoy of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, to share'in any Prize or Prizes taken by such Ships or Vessels of His Majesty, or by such Private Ship or Vessel, having a Commission for War, or Letter of Marque, whilst the said Commissioned Ship or Vessel shall remain under the Care and ProtcAion of such Convoy, unless such Private Ship or Vessel shall have received Orders from the Commander of the Con-voying Ship to chafe, or otherwise aA hoflilely against the Enemy, and shall have been actually aiding aadaffifting in such Captures.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Coromiflicners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, shall, at the Request of any Ownee or Owners, whom they shall deem fitly qualified, of any Ship or Vessel duly registered according to Law (such Owner or Owners giving such Bail or Security as herein after is mentioned or expressed), canfe to be issued in the usual manner One or more Commission or Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque and Reprisal, to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of Death, successively Commanders, of such Ships or Vessels, for the attacking, surprizing, seizing and taking by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods or Merchandize, belonging to or possessed by any of His Majesty's Enemies in any Sea, Creek, Haven or River; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandize whatsoever, with all their Furniture* Tackle and Apparel, fb to be taken by or with such Private Owner or Owners' Ship or Vessel, according to such Commission and Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque, after final Adjudication as lawful Prize in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court of Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, which shall be duly authorized thereto, shall wholly and entirely bdong to, and be divided between and among the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the several Persons who shall be on board the fame, and be aiding and assisting in the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, their Agents or FaAors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons who shall be entitled thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves; and that neither His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor any Admiral, Vice Admiral, Governor or other Person commissioned by or claiming under His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, nor any other Person or Persons whosoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or VelTe!, being the Captor of such Prize Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandize, and the Persons claiming under such Agreements shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof, except as to the Customs and Duties hereafter mentioned; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons to any Interest in such Ships or Vessels, Goods or Merchandize, as may be captured by any Private Ships or Vessels of War belonging to or hired by, or in the Service of His Majesty's Commissioners of Customs or Excise, but that the fame Ships or Vessels, Goods and Merchandize, fp captured, shall belong to His Majesty, and be applied and disposed of in such manner as His Majesty, under His Sign Manual, shall order and direct, after legal Adjudication thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall apply to the said Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, in order to obtain any Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted or issued forth in pursuance of this A A, shall make every such Application in Writing, and therein set forth a particular, true and exaA Description of the Ship or Vessel, for which such Commission or Letter of Marque is requested, specifying the Name and Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, what Sort of Built she is, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on board the fame, to what Place belonging, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men intended to be put on board the fame (all which Particulars shall be inferred in every Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted in pursuance of this Act), and that every Commander of a Private Ship or Vessel of War, for which a Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall produce such Commission or Letter of Marque to the Collector, Customer or Searcher for the time being, of His Majesty's Customs, residing at or belonging to the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer or Searcher; and the said Collector, Customer or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, inspeA and examine such Ship or Vessel, fa as to Jlfcertaih the Built and Burthen thereof, and the Number of Men, and the Number and Nature of the Guut

OT)

A.D. 181jj 55° GEORGII III. C. 160.

on board the fame; and if such Ship or Vessel shall thereupon be found to be of such Built and Burthen, and be manned and armed according to the Tenor and Description inserted in such Commission or Letter of Marque, as aforesaid, or be of greater Burthen or Force than shall be mentioned in such Commission or Letter of Marque, then, and not otherwise, such Collector, Customer or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately upon the Request of the Commander of such Ship or Vessel, to give a Certificate thereof in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, gratis, to such Commander, which Certificate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance, before such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to fail from that Port; and if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for which any Commission or Letter of Marque shall have been granted in pursuance of this Act, shall depart with such Ship or Vessel from such Port of Clearance before ne hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any such Port, or proceed upon a Cruize with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Commission or Letter of Marque, every such Commission or Letter of Marque, shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the Commander so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and shall also be imprisoned for such Space of time as the Court in which the same shall be sued for as herein after directed, shall order, not exceeding One Year for any One Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That before the granting or issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque, in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as hath been usual in such cases, and that previous thereto the Persons who propose to be bound and give such Security, shall severally make Oath before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or Judge of any other Court of Admiralty, which shall be authorized as aforesaid, in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or his or their Surrogate, or other Person or Persons lawfully commissioned by them, that they the said Persons who shall become Sureties are. at the time of their being sworn, respectively worth more than the Sum for which they are to be bound, over and above all their just Debts; and moreover, and the Marshal for the time being of the said High Court of Admiralty, or of any of the said other Courts, or his Deputy* or the Person or Persons so commissioned as aforesaid, shall make diligent Enquiry, and certify himself or themselves of the Sufficiency of such Bail and Security, and make thereupon a Report to such Judge or his Surrogate, before any such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher of His Majesty's Customs, or his or their lawful Deputy, or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen or Force specified in the Commission or Letter of Marque granted to the Commander or Commanders thereof, or shall certify to a greater Burthen or Force than really belongs to her, he shall, for such Offence, forfeit his said Office, and be for ever incapable of holding any Office under Government whatsoever, and shall also forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel so to be certified, shall be ascertained by the Certificate of Registry granted for such Ship or Vessel, according to Law, or an authenticated Copy thereof, in case the Ship shall be at Sea, which Certificate or authenticated Copy shall be produced to the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, before the issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque for such Ship or Vessel: Provided nevertheless, that it shall not be necessary in the case of Ships belonging to, or hired by, or in the Service of, His Majesty's Commissioners of Custom or Excise, to produce such Certificates or authenticated Copies, in order to the obtaining a Commission or Letter of Marque.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Ship and Vessel, for which such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted as aforesaid, and for and during the time that such Commission or Letter of Marque shall remain in force under the Authority of this Act, and no longer, shall be deemed and taken to be a Ship or Vessel licenced pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smug-gling in this Kingdom, although the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall not have been furnished with the Licence required by the said recited Act.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners, Commander and Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, for which such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be issued as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Offence contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, for the Protection of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise, or for the Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, such Owner or Owners, Commander, Master and other Persons, shall forfeit the Commission or Letter of Marque so issued for such Ship or Vessel over and besides any other Penalties and Forfeitures which he or they shall have incurred by reason of such Offence.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, at any time or times hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any Order or Orders in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, any Commission or Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque, which hath or have been, or shall be issued forth to any Person or Persons who hath, have been or shall be nominated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel, either in pursuance of His Majesty's Orders in Council, or of this or any Act of Parliament: Provided nevertheless, that the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being shall, with all convenient Speed, after every and any such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof in Writing to be forthwith lent to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Order or Revocation, or to his, her or their Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, or some or One of them; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be effectual to supersede and annul the said Commission or Letter of Marque, at the

55 Gjk>. III. 3 M Expir*

44*

ml Certificate granted.

Departing without Certificate, or with inferior Force, &c.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Security taken heloi e granting Letters of Marque.

Marshal to tnajc# enquiry of lufli* ciency of Bail.

Officers of Ctsf-toaM granting fake Certificates.

[Penalty.]

Provife.

Prorise

Vessel* for which Letter* of Marque granted, deemed ltctnfod according to 240.$. SffflS. c. 47.

Letters of Marque forfeited fur Offence* again* Revenue Lekwu

Admiralty «*y

revoke Letters of Marque.

Notice given of Revocation

r.

Liberty to complain to His Majesty io Council, in way «f Appeal.

Rroviso.

Provifa

Regulations re-fptftiqg Condemnation of Prises.

P.iport found on board Vessels taken brought in: o Regiftty of

C.i6e. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Expiration of Twenty Days from and after such Notice given as aforesaid, or sooner, if Notice shall be actually given in Writing br the Secretary of the Admiralty to the Captain or Commander thereof; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Northern Seas, at the Expiration of Thirty Days; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be to the Southward of Cab: Ftntflerre^ or in the Mediterranean, at the Expiration of Six Weeks; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America or the West Indies, at the Expiration'of Three Months; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the East Indies, at the Expiration of Sit Months from and after such respective Notices shall be given as aforesaid: Provided always, that any Commander or Commanders, Owner or Owners, Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, of any such Ship or Vessel whereof such Commission or Letter of Marque issued or to be issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked as aforesaid, may complain thereof to His Majesty in Council Within Thirty Days next after the Secretary to the Admiralty for the time being shall cause Notice thereof to btf given as aforesaid; and thfc Determination of His Majesty in Council, touching every such Complaint, shall be final: Provided always; that in case any such Order of Revocation shall be superseded, such Commission and Letter of Marque (halt be deemed and taken to have continued in force, and all Prizes taken by virtue thereof shall belong to and b£ the Property of such Owners and Captors, in such manner a9 the fame would have been in case such Order of Revocation had not been made: Provided also, that no Person shall be liable (before he shall have received personal Notice of such Order of Revocation) to be punished for doing any Matter or Thing which he might have lawfully done under the Authority of such Commission or Letter of Marque, in case such Order of Revocation had not been made. 7 :

XXIV. And, for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation or other Determination Of'any^WK^Sfcip

or Vessel, Goods or Merchandize, already taken, or hereafter to be taken as aforesaid, and for ieflbning the Expences in such cases, be it further enacted, That the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of Fngfand, and of any other Court of Admiralty which shall be duly authorized thereto, or such Person br Peffoni wh* shall be then commissioned for that Purpose, within Five Days after Reqtieft made to him or them for that Purpose, shall finifti the usual preparatory Examination of the Persons commonly examined tn such cases, hi order to prove the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to enquire whether the fame be lawful Prize or not, and that the proper Monition usual in such cases shall be issued by the Person or Persons proper to issue the fame, and shall be executed by the Person or Persons proper to execute the fame, within the Space of Three Days after Request in that behalf made, and in case no Claim of such Captured Ship, Vessel or Goods, shall be duly entered in the usual Form, and attested upon Oath, giving Twenty Days' Notice after the Execution of such Monition, or if there be such Claim, and the Claimant or Claimants shall not within Five Days from the time of entering such Claim, give Security in the Sum of Sixty Pounds Sterling, to pay Costs to the Capttot or Captors, in case the Judge shall decree Costs to be due, that then the Judge of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon producing to him the said Examination, or Copies thereof, and producing to him upon Oath aH the Papers and Writings which shall have been found, taken in or with such Capture, or on board any other Captured Ship or Vessel regarding the fame, or upon Oath made that no Papers or Writings were found; proceed with all convenient Speed or Sentence, either to discharge or acquit such Capture, or to condemn the lame to be good and lawful Prize, according as shall appear to nim upon Perufd of such preparatory Examinations, and all the Papers and Writings found, taken in or with such Capture, or on board any other Captured Vessel regarding the fame, if any such shall be found, or to allow further time for a Claim to be entered, pJr Security given; and in case any such Claim shall be duly entered and Security given thereupon, according to the Tenor and true Meaning or this Act, and there shall appear no Occasion to enter into any other Exarnk nation, that then the Judge shall within Ten Days, if possible, after such Claim made and Security given; proceed to Sentence as aforesaid touching such Capture; but in case upon entering such Claim, and the Attestation thereupon, or the producing of such Papers and Writings as aforesaid regarding such Captured Ship ofr Vessel, or Goods, and upon the said preparatory Examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the said Judge whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not, and it shall appear to him to be necessary, according to the ct*-cumstances of the case, for the clearing and determining such Doubts, to have an Examination of Witnesses on Pleadings given in by the Parties and admitted by the Judge, or such other lawful Mode of Enquiry as the said Judge may think reauifite, that then the said Judge shall forthwith cause such Capture to be appraised by Persons well (killed in the fame, to be named by the Parties, and approved and appointed by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the fame, according tb the best of their Skill and Knowledge, for which Purpose the said Judge shall cause, if he shall think fit, the Goods found on board to be unladen, and an Inventory thereof being first taken, if the Judge shall think necessary, by the Marshal of the Admiralty or his Deputy, shall cause them to be put into proper Warehouses, withfeparate Locks, ofjhe Collector and Comptroller of the Customu, and where there is no Comptroller, then of the Naval Officer, and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants, at the Charge of the Party desiring the fame, and mall after such Appraisement, and within the Space of fourteen Days after the making of the said Claims, proceed to take good and sufficiftit Security from the Claimants to pay the Captors the full Value thereof, according to such Appraisement, in case the same shall be adjudged lawful Prize, and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Captors to pay such Costs, as the Court shall think proper, in case such Ship, Vessel or Goods shall not he condemned as lawful Prize; and after such Security duly giveri, ' the said Judge shall make an Interlocutor^ - Order for releasing or delivering the same to such Climant or Claimants, or his or their Agents, and the same shall be actually released and delivered accordingly'. fn*9

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Books, Papers and Writings found in any Ship or Vesseltaken as Prize, shall, without Delay, be brought into the Registry of the Court of Admiralty, wherein such Ship or Vessel may be proceeded against in order to Condemnation upon Oath, ashy Law required $ but that only such

i Books,

A.D. 16ri$. sfl GEORGII , III. C.i6o>

Books, Ifcper* ?ad Writings fh*U be made use of and translafced, as shall be agreed or iofifted upon by th» Prohors of the several Parties, Captors or, Claimants, or in case of no Claim, shall be deemed by toe Captor, his Proctor or Agent, or by the Registrar, to be iwceflary for ascertaising the Property of such Ship or Vessbl, and Cargo thereof.

XX VI- And be it further enacted, That no Claim on behalf of any asserted Joint Capture shall be admitted before Condemnation, unless Security be given at the time of entering the fame, that the Party shall contribute to the actual Captor his Proportion of all Expence that shall attend the obtaining the Adjudication, as well in the first In fiance as lipoh Appeal, and likewise his Proportion of all Cofis and Damages that may be awarded against the actual Captor on account of the Seizure and Detention; and after final Condemnation no Allegation setting forth such asserted Xntercft shall be admitted, unless the Party shall have previously paid his Proportion of all such Expences as shall have attended the obtaining such final Condemnation, and unless he shall lave shewn sufficient Cause to the Court why such Claim was not asserted at or before the Return of the Monition: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to the asserted Interest of any Admiral or Flag Officer claiming to share in any Prize by virtue of his Flag.

XXVII. And, for the Encouragement of the Capture of Armed Ships belonging to the Enemy, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Captors to include in One Adjudication any Number, not exceeding Six, of such small Armed Ships, having a Commission or Letter of Marque from the Enemy, not exceeding Seventy Tons each, and which shall have been taken within the Space of Three Months preceding the Application to the Court of Admiralty for such Adjudication.

XXVI1L And be it further enacted, That no Judge, Registrar or Deputy Registrar, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, or any other Officer whatsoever of or belonging to any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, nor any Person or Persons practising as Advocate, Proctor or otherwise, in any such Court or Courts, shall be concerned or interested directly or indirectly as Owner, Part Owner, Sharer or Adventurer in any Private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War whatsoever, having any Commission or Commissions, or Letter of Marque as aforesaid; and in case any such Judge, Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Marshal, Deputy Marshal or other Officer, Advocate or Proctor, or other Persons as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid, such Judge, Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Marshal, Deputy Marshal qr other Officer respectively, shall, for every such. Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or at any General Session of the Peace in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations), absolutely forfeit his Office and Employment in and belonging to any such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, of what Kind or Nature soever such Office or Employment may be, and shall also forfeit and pay to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every such Advocate or Proctor, or other Person as aforesaid, respectively, shall for such last mentioned Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in manner aforesaid) be from thenceforth absolutely disqualified, and rendered incapable of practising either as an Advocate or Proctor, or otherwise, in any ol His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty wheresoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Registrar or Deputy Registrar, nor any Marshal or Deputy Marshal, of or belonging to any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty whatsoever, shall either directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, act or be concerned in any manner, - either as an Advocate or Proctor in any Cause, Matter or Business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such Court or Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, to which such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, shall then belong; and that every Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon an Information or Indictment in manner aforesaid), shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office and Employment of Registrar or Deputy Registrar, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, in and belonging to the fame Court.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Proctor or other Person practising as Proctor in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, or any Court of Appeal therefrom, being employed by any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall be concerned by himself or his Partner, or by any Person or Persons, directly or indirectly, on behalf of the adverse Party or Parties, in the Suit or Matter wherein he may be employed, nor shall receive any Allowance from the Bills, nor in any manner whatsoever participate in the Profits of the Proctor or other Person conducting or employed in the Cause of the adverse Party or Parties; and in case any Proctor or other Person practising as Proctor in any such Court shall, notwithstanding this Act, be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence (being thereof lawfully Convicted, either upon Information or Indictment in manner aforesaid), absolutely forfeit his Office or Employment in or belonging to any such Court of what Kind or Nature soever, and shall forfeit and pay to the life of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and such Proctor or other Person respectively shall for such last mentioned Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted in manner aforesaid, be from thenceforth absolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of practising as a Proctor or otherwise in any of His Majesty's said Courts wheresoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Proctor of the High Court of Admiralty shall act as such, or permit or suffer his Name to be in any manner used in any Suit, the Prosecution or Defence whereof shall appertain to the Office of a Proctor, to or for or en account, or for the Profit and Benefit of any Person or Persons not entitled to act as a Proctor, or shall permit or suffer any such Person or Persons to demand or participate in such Profit and Benefit, and Complaint thereof shall be made to the said Court, and Proof given to the Satisfaction of the said Court, that such Proctor hath offended therein as aforesaid, then and u such case every such. Proctor.

3 M 2.' so

451

Court of Ad- miralty.

Claims of Joint Capture not admitted but on Security given for Contribution to eli Expences, &c.

[Proviso.]

Six Privateers, not exceeding 70 Tons, included in One Adjudication.

No Judge, Officer or Pradti-, tioner, of Court. or Admiralty, concerned in Vessel having Letter of Marque.

Penalties.

Registrar or other Officer of Court of Admiralty acting as Advocate or Proctor.

[Penalty.]

Proflors concerned only for One Party,

Penalties.

Proctors allowing Nitre* be used by Persons not entitled to ad asProitors, ft ruck eff* Roll.

L

c45* C. 166.

GEORGII 1H.

AJ>. rSi/5.

t>rrMx* '/(lm k»>-(|) n<, 'irr.i .flW9 f» ei»J' J

Eterciling Func-tioniafp/ortfr, imtiming duty*

Tb c^Froaotejsfodfibe farj?rsrr*fttcfliftbM* M |ftnftpr»

d*£uf^uM>frdA ftfelGffite* Fuhdtfoniod Pra&ic* of aPro&a* so thcriaid Cotfrt* fwrio k»g*B*no4 EictptioM. /tfteiJdSlge of* th^lkkfcGottrt fovydtawiit^ feveiaw&>e*oepi is toabyAJkreftoe w Allowkh^, Sum or Sw

bf Mbiiey, 'thdt lnrt* fcr (h*tt be agreed tm bemsde to the Whkrwsor CMdi»t* of apridtaceased Predtar pt

of Partner* ofiutb deceived FcoApr or Psa&<*rs; anaaMo fan and except triads, oram<

______Y_/ _ __________, orvmdeHtbod to lmve beta toadohdfewm^ pad Artidkd Ckriu* whose

Art Itfe^ h«wl*e©tf e*ont*d prior to the passing of tbii A£u.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and afre© thr passing of -tlifo Act* in case any Prtfoifcwr Persons shall itihis ©rthrir OvnrName, oritt the Nante*of ^17 other Pevfon or Perfotw* make* do, aft, efcorcife or perform* atty Act, Matter or Ttang whatsoeter; - in way way^apjpertaming^jbelon^ing to the Office, FuOf-/ tibif of Pi^4ee o# a^Prodfcor of-th^High Cotm of Adrokkhy, lor Or ia CotSdmtYon of my Gam, F^cfipr 6 r; '. Regard, dr with a Vito participate in 'the Benefit for be' denied irons the (Office, Fuadtionsoi Pra&foc of

'k PTodlar, Without being a&mfeted1 and enrolled, every Xuch Pecfoh for: every Inch Offence (h&U forfeit and p*y Penalty, the Sum of Fifty Pounds. v; i > if ^vsi

Not to extend v'y XXXIII.' Provided always/ and be it further epadfced, That nothing: herein.contained. /Hall extend or be to Salaries of*tfoofltued to extend to any ^Salary which ftuffl be agreed to be paid, by a Proper, bit Partner or Successor, to

V erk!*STen reaMy and hondfid& serving in hit Office at theti me of the passing of this Act alnd who (hfdl have Wen

Year* standme.*Ifactji&t FerVfcig in the Office of any Pro&oro* PtoAom for Seven Yesartneat beforetheparting of thedassr.

XaXIV. And be it further enacted, That aTableof Fees, aulborieed by His Majesty* hhHrfct or with the Advice of His or Their Prtvy Coaocii, ftodl be hong; up in some con/picuoua Part of dhe'CdnA in which the several Judges of the Vice Admiralty Coarts Audi bold their Courts, #ad that ao Jhd^; bir3thirogate, Registrar or Deputy Rtgtorar, nor any Marshal or Deputy Modhall ©h^otbelong-, A " atry of tfia Majesty* Courts of Vibe Adrmraky, shall, cither dhredly or mdire(9oiy by biqdelf, or by any* Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons whom foe rqr#j receive on uk^ jury Fee id fhbfo Ibeeided in the Table aforesaid j and thatcrery Judge or Surrogate, Regifbart or Deputy Re-f, r, Marfoil or Deputy Marshai, who shall be gttihy of such Offence (hong ther^ larwWly donvadod, ither updti Information or Indict^meot m manner a£ort£aid)> shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit Ida ue-spedlive Office and Employment of Judge or Surrogate, Registrar, Deputy Regiffrar, Msrihd or Deputy Marshal/ in Or belonging to the fame Court; »'.'.t: i. .-, - vt'». S^hivoi'i .uX

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the demanding or receiving any S«m, 0Jr Sutns of Modryf othe» than thfe Fees aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be' Extortion and a Mifdotneiwor at iLaw^iaddikailbe proceeded agatnff and punished as such under and by virtue of tbtx AxSL tjji, - 1 oirfc rfoy) kj

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act containedilhall .be coa(lm»edLtoi/e-fftain His Majesty, Ilia Heirs1 and Successors, from giving such further Rules and DtneftidnSi from tube to time to his respective Courts of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty, for the Adjudieatiim awd.CoodeoaaaUoa of Briars,; and for regulating the Fees of the said Courts, and amending and; alter»ag the Table of Fees; thertiilv&s by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, : foaU be. thought i^ef^ry br proper.: '*.; i-ctjwjx Hi AX

XXXVII. And'bf it hereby further enacted, That if any Captor or Captors, Claimant onClMm^itts, shall not rest; fatidfSed with the Sentence, or'Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a, Deflate Seftteuce, given or pronounced in the High Court of Admiralty in Rnglawd* or iu any Court of Yic& Ad«tiraky, dely yhthdnzed to proceed in Prize Causes, it shall and may he kwful for the Party or Parties t hereby aggrieved to appeal from the said High Court of Admiralty, or from arty of the fatdb Courts of Vice. AdumlfcyW to>dhe CorhmilBoners appointed under the Great Sesd of Great Britain* Ac* receiving and; tkternmuug/AppwiJajm Causes of Prize, such Appeals to be ikiterposed and received tn the lake nmnner as Appeals to the Commissioners in Prize Causes have been usually interposed and received from the said High Court of Admiralty, and Fdod Security to'be likewise given by the Appellant or Appelkmt^ that he or, they willjeflfedtually profeb^te Such Appeal, and atfo pay such Costs as shall be awarded in case thd.Senttnoe, or Interlocutory Decree

' h^idtig' the Force of a Definitive Sentence of such Court of Adtmitally or Vke Admiralty, be afirB^d; , -ftny /tmnfcin thift Adb contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; Pcovidod Midway 8^: that 4he xxefctitfon of any Definitive Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree banriiigihe F<ihceof a-Deiioitiye Sintcuve^ ap-'p^e'd^froni as aforesaid; shall not be suspended by rcafoa of such Appeal fare as hermUafite^ipcovided, in

cajfd'tKd Party or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security, to^be: approved of by the Ctfuftk which speh Sentence^ or Interlocutory Decree shall be given, to redder and; deliver, tl« Ship, Veftul, /Goods or Eft^b, concertiing which such Srtitenc^ or Iriterlocutory Decree; shall be pronounced, or the full .V-alue, thereof, toK^h^ Appellant orr Appellants, ih case the Sentence or Interlocutory Decree £0 appealed fbom so^U be reversediiQ

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in cafo any Person, Whowas not a Party, injjie first tnJUnc^wC^lte

tkiifci shall intervene or interpose ah Appeal from a Sentence, or Interlocutory ifcortaibatihgAbe For<c of a Defiditfae Sentence, j^ivefr or pronounced in any Admiralty Court, such Person, othia^r her Agent for Agepts* shall at the fatne time enter his Or herClahn; otherwise fwch Appeal shall be null awdiivoid*: r.y: wrf,

XXXIX.'Ahff Whereas gtot Inconvemencea; hare arisen by" Appeals in*Prize Caofca oet befog pro.

fecufed^n^ reasoniable time, and from focret Appeals, or Prot«>coU of Appeal, being entered before a Noteu-y

Public, without any Notice given to the Court or Parties appelfetr^ or tlwsic Frojdlors : FOrnyuedy thereof, be it enadlrd, ThWt every Person b^inga Party br not a Party in a Prize Cause, in the HighCourt of Admiralty of England, dr in any 'Vice Admiralty Cobrt, and igainst whom a 'Sentence)shall-he the«easterigriveu,; p^any

fwplvj: Mcyibr. ^Interlocutory Decree hiving the Force of a Definitive Sentence pronounced, and who7 flifdlappeal Ahece from, shall proffccute such fws Appeal by taking^ but the ufoal Inhibiumt witim Twelve Months afowr the tm?t such

ll SeutencQ

Yetr«" standing.

Table of Feet hung up in Courts of Vice Admiralty.

[Penalty.]

M^emeetior/

Art not to retrain His Majesty from giving Directiec to C'; yrts and ail ttringFces.

ApM-

In what case £*ecut*» of SebtbTfcesAot lu p'ilded.

Perfcm? inter Vftnog«on: Arpchl muit tinea Lbun.

Appeals prose-cu^d'within

G.

gf C3KDKCTD IJk

*453

Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be given; and that aftet; the Expiration of the said Term of Twelve

Months, without a fry Inhibition haring been taken out, no Appeal shall be allowed to be prosecuted by any Person, being a Party or not a Party, in the said High Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, nor shall any , nr,

Inhibition be granted at the Prayer of inch Person or hia Pro&ur, but the said Sentence or Interlocutory

I>ecree shall stand confirmed a a to such Person: Provided neverthelefa, that it shall be lawful, for the Lords Lords of Appeals

Commifikmers of Appeals, in all cafeain which it shall appear that a Distribution baa not taken place, to per-! ext^.

mit an Appeal to be prosecuted after the Term of Twelve Months elapsed, where, upon special Cause shewn,

they shall deem such Permission fit and reasonable: to be given. *y y.

XL. And be it enacted, That in case any Appeal shall be interposed from a Sentence, or Interlocutory OuAppteb

Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in any Court of Admiralty, or Vice Admiralty, concerning any Ship>or Vessel, or Goods or Effects, feifctd and taken as Prize, that then and in such case, the Judge of such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty shall and may, at the request, Cods and se^tylorfold,

M'i

Charges, either of the Captor or Claimant (or of the Claimant only, in case where the Privilege is reserved in Favour of the Claimant by any Treaty or Treaties subsisting between His Majesty and Foreign Powers), maken Order to have such Ship or Vessel, Goods or Effects, appraised, unless the Parties shall otherwise agree upon.

the Value thereof, and an Inventory to be made, and then take Security for the full Value thereof accordingly,

and thereupon cause such Ship or Vessel, Goods or Effects, to be delivered to the Party giving such Security >».» j

in like manner as is hereinbefore enacted, notwithstanding such Appeal; and if there shall be any Difficulty or v c sufficient Objection to the giving or taking Security, the Judge shall, at the Request of either of the Parties, n

order such Goods and Effects to be entered, landed and sold by Public Auction, under the Care and Cudody t \ j [

of the proper Officers of the Cudoms, and under the Direction and Inspection of such Persons as shall be ap- ^. , v t > pointed by the Claimants and Captors; and the Monies arising from the Sale shall be brought into Court, and, .* >u* by the Registrar, Deputy Regidrar or Deputy Regidrars, of the said Court, be deposited in the Bank of England, or in case the Captors and Claimants shall agree thereto, in some Public Securities at Inttred, in the Names of such Regidrar and of such Trustees as they the said Captors and Claimant shall appoint, and the Court shall approve; and if such Security shall be given by the Claimants, then the Judge shall give such Captured Ship or Vessel a Pass under his Seal, to prevent its being again taken by His Majesty's Subjects in its de&hed Voy4g*]l*: J ».; i!.; .1,

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree On Reversal of

having the force of a Definitive Sentence of such. Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, shall be finally S^enae, reverted after Sale of any Ship or Goods, pursuant to the Directions in this Act contained, the Nett Proceeds Proceeds of Sal* of such Sale (after Payment of all ExpenceB attending the fame) shall be deemed and taken to be the full "e"f Value of such Ship and Goods, and that the Party or Parties appellate, and their Securities, shall not be , T for ft A atifwcrabie for the Value beyond the Amount of such Nett Proceeds, unless it shall appear that such Sale was < H .'i made fraudulently or without due Care.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Agent shall be compellable to distribute any Proceeds of any Priae, except in the cases in this Act directed, until after the time of Appeal has elapsed. cMnpe^ble.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or of the Vice Distributionbe-Adftiiralty Court, in which any Prize shall have been condemned, shall certify that the Ship or Vessel so fore time of condemned failed under the Flag and Pass of the Enemy, or under any Commission of War granted by the Appeal dtyfed Enemy, then and in such case, on the Application or by the Direction of the Captain or other Commander of^er Fla the Ship or Vessel making such Capture, the Proceeds shall be distributed, and an Order of the Court may p"iiof Enemy, be obtained, at his PrAyer, on the Agent or Agents, to distribute the Proceeds of such Prize before the time of Appeal is elapsed, subject neverthelefa to the Liability of the Captor to answer any Appeal that may be militated thereafter during the time limited by Law for Appeals.)*

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Court of Admi-all Casus in which the regular time of Appeal has elapsed, or in which the Appeal hath been determined, or for ra, ty ma7 order. any Judge of any Court of Vice Admiralty Abroad in any such case as aforesaid, to which any. Certificate ^ccou^tiTnd fronv the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty shall be transmitted of the time of Appeal being elapsed, distribution without further Prosecution, together with an Order of Distribution thereon, to make an Order for Pro- wtavrfNto'ofi du6Vk>n and Verification of Accounts, and for the Distribution of the Proceeds, and to enforce the fame by Appi«lftp&d( the Process of the said Court, by Monition and Attachment upon the Agent or Agents in whose Hands the Proceeds may be lodged, or any other Person whomsoever to whom such Proceeds may have been committed, terra 1

and likewise by further Process against the Sureties of the said Agent or Agents; and all Courts of Vice Admiralty are hereby empowered, directed and required to enforce upon all Persons within their Jurisdiction rJj q*all such Orders, land all other Orders of the High Court of Admiralty, whether relating to Prizes, or to any Matter or Thing relating thereto, within their respective Jurisdictions.; / y v , .J?,

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties Regriafiom* respecting the Distribution of Prize Money, and the Accounting for and paying over the Proceeds of Priz^ in ta D&tAatida this Act contained, shall be extended to all Seizures under the Revenue Laws, all Grants of His Majesty, allodAc*n*a« of Bounties granted by this or any other Act of Parliament, and all other Monies whatever coming to and being extende in the Hands of the Prize Agents of the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, for iure^VCUUe" their Use ami Benefit, by reason of any Capture or Seizure made by the said Ships.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty, Court of Admi-where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court, at the Prayer rally may dile£t of the Captors, td compel the AgcDts, by Process of Monition and Attachment, to veil the Proceeds of the t.

Property condemned in such Public Securities as the CaptorB shallcitCl, there to remain and accumulate, for the

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

no Claimant, Sec, to be invtited, &c.

Conn of Vice Admiralty may divert Proceeds to I e transmit-ted, tic.

On Condemnations without Claim Vice Admiralty Courts may compel Agents to give Security.

On Appeal Court of Admiralty may direct Proceeds to be brought in, See.

Proceed* in veiled, &c.

I^ordi of Appeal may order Pro-'Cerds to be brought in, Sec,

Jttdges to order Payment «of unclaimed Money.

Distribution.

<Coort of Admiralty may compel Pioduction of Accounts, and -bringing in of Proceeds.

Retaining Proceeds contrary0 Ad.

[Penalty.]

Pruee Vessels coside mned, deemed Britishv-iuilt.

Prixe Ships and Goods liable to Iruties.

the Benefit of the Parties entitled, till the time of Appeal shall be lapsed, subject nevertheless to the furthe

Directions of the Court, upon the Application of the Captors; and in all cases of Condemnation in any Cour* of Vice Admiralty, where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the-Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court, at the Prayer of the Captors, to direct the Property captured, or the Proceeds thereof to be forthwith transmitted to Great Britain, there to be vetted in such Public Securities, after being fold (if not already converted by Sale), as the Captors shall elect, until the regular time of Appeal shall have elapsed, subject nevertheless to the Directions of the High Court of Admiralty, upon the Application of the Captors.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Condemnation in any Vice Admiralty Court where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the Judge to compel the Agent, at the Requisition of the Captor, to give Security at the time of Condemnation, for the faithful Dittributiotf of the Proceeds, or for the remitting thereof to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or to such Persons in England as the Captors shall appoint, under the Directions of the Court for the Purpose of being distributed in Englandr.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all cases wherein any Sentence of Condemnation pronounced in the said Court is appealed from, at the time of serving the Inhibition thereof, or at any time thereafter during the Pendancy of the said Appeal, and without Prejudice to such Appeal, to assign the Agent or Agents, or other Persons in whose Hands the Proceeds of the Prize may be, at the Prayer of either Party, or of the Treasurer of the Navy, or of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, for such Purpose to bring into and leave in the Registery the Nett Proceeds of the Sales of such Prize, deducing therefrom so much as in the Discretion of the Judge shall be requisite to be left in the Hands of the Agent or Agents, for the Expences of defending, the said Appeal; and the Proceeds so brought in shall be deposited, in case the Parties shall agree thereto, in some Public Securities at Interest, in the Names of the Registrar or Deputy Regittrars, and of such Trustees as the Parties shall appoint, and the Court shall approve; and in case either Party shall refuse his Consent thereto, the Party praying the same shall have such Proceeds laid out and vetted in Public Securities, in manner aforesaid, he giving good and sufficient Security to the Court to anfvrer to the other Party for any1 Loss or Deficiency that may be occasioned thereby, in case such other Party shall be ultimately pronounced to be entitled to the Property.

XLIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Lords Commissioners of Appeals are authorized and empowered in any case of Appeal before them, to order at their Discretion the Proceeds of any Prize, the Subject of such Appeal, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be paid by the Agent or Agents for such Prize, at the Requisition of the Captors or Claimants, into the Court, to be laid out or disposed of at the Discretion of the Court on any Application made for that Purpose either by the Captors or Claimants.

L. And be it further enacted, That in the case of Proceeds of Captures remaining in the Hands of the Re-giftrars of the High Court of Appeals, High Court of Admiralty, and of the several Courts of Vice Admiralty respectively arising from Prizes, which have been finally adjudged to the Captors, and which have not been claimed by them, or any Person on their behalf, and which shall have remained in their Hands respectively for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Prize or Prizes from which such Monies shall have proceeded shall have been finally so adjudged unclaimed by the said Captors, or by any Person on their behalf, it shaft be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the said Courts respectively, upon Application by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, to order Payment thereof to the said Treasurer or his Deputy; which several Sums, when so paid to the said Treasurer or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be distributed among the Captors, or their legal Representatives, by the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, in like manner, and subject to the fame Regulations, so far as the fame can be made applicable, as in cases of Distribution by the Agents of the Captors.

LI. And be it further enacted, That on the Application of any Party interested in the Proceeds of any Prize, or of any Person on behalf of the Treasurer of the Navy or Greenwich Hospital, and an Affidavit of any such Party, or any other Person, of his or her Belief that there are Proceeds of any Prize, or Papers, or Books relating thereto, in the Possession of any Agent or Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty to compel the Production of the fame, and the bringing in of such Proceeds, and the answering to such Interrogatories touching the fame, as the Court shall approve; and if it shall appear, that the Party hath been cited without sufficient Cause, he shall be allowed his Cotts against the Party making such Affidavit, or at whose Instance he hath been unduly summoned.

LII. And be it further enacted, That any Captor, Agent or other Person, who shall acquire or retain the Proceeds of any Prize contrary to the Provisions of this Act, except for reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Court in which such Prize.shall be adjudged, or by the High Court of .Admiralty, shall pay Interest thereon at the Rate of One Pound per Centum per Month, for such time as the same shall so be in their Custody or Pofr session, besides all other Penalties imposed by this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Prize Ships or Vessel which shall be legally condemned, or shall be sold under any Decree of the High Court of Admiralty, shall, to all Intents and rurposes whatsoever, be considered as British-built Ships or Vessels, being first duly registered according to Law, and shall be deemed and taken as such, and shall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the same Rights, Liberties, Privileges and Advantages, in all respects whatsoever, as British-buxit Ships and Vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules and Regulations that British-buih Ships or Vessels are subject and liable to; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LTV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend* to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall be taken as Prize, and

brought

±!Bh»i£ 55° GEORGII III. C. 160. 455

[Proviso.]

Inrottglitor imported into this Kingdom, or any of His Majesty^ Dominions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to the Restrictions and Regulations to which the same are now, or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or for the Commissioners of the Customs, in such casts wherein Goods unfit for the Market of this Kingdom have been brought as Prize into the Ports thereof, and have been fold from Necessity under an Order of the High Court of Admiralty, to remit the Whole or any Part of the said Duties, upon a Certificate from the Judge of the said Court, that the Goods, being unfit for the Markets of this Kingdom, have been so sold as aforesaid; and that the Proceeds of such Sale, after Payment of Duties, will be insufficient to satisfy just and reasonable Claims.

',LV. And Whereas great Numbers of Ships of Foreign Nations may pass the Seas laden with Naval Stores,

T intended to be carried to the Ports of Countries at War with His Majesty, whereby His Majesty's Enemies*may not only be enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm Privateers to destroy the Trade of His Majesty's Subjects, but may also be supplied with Materials to build and fit out Ships of War to annoy and invade His

t Naval .Store*

principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy or Victualling for the time being, or their Officers found on hoard or Agents, during the Continuance of the present War, to purchase on the Account, or for the Service of Foreign Sl ips His Majesty, his Heirs- and Successors only, all or any such Naval Stores found on board any such Ships of hj^red

Foreign Nations, which have been, or shall or may hereafter be brought into any of the Ports of this King- Bauds, &c. dom , by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or by any Private Ships or Vessels of War, or other Ships or Vessels having a Commission or Letters of Marque; and that the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for the time being shall and may permit and suffer such Naval Stores, so purchased as aforesaid, to be eaterie^.iiDAlaxided within any of the Porta of this Kingdom; any thing in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth esir of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled an Act for the encouraging 12 Car. a. c. 18.. and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Statute made subsequent thereto, contained to tnb contrary in ^y wise notwithstanding.^ "

XVI. And be it farther enacted, That if any Commander or Commanders, Officer or Officers, Seamen, Breaking Bulk Marines, Sqkligps pp.others, shall break Bulk on board (except in case of Necessity, to be allowed by the or Embcixling. -4mra^ty or Vice Admiralty in which the same shall be brought to Adjudication), or embezzle .oney, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandize, Tackle, Furniture or Apparel, of or belonging of prizes, such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, Soldier or other Person, shall, for [C^ forfeit his whole Share in such Prize to His Majesty, for the Use of the Royal Hospital Penalties, jjto.be adjudged on Proof thereof by the Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty as aforesaid* roof, shall be made, and shall also forfeit Treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, idize, Tackle, Furniture or Apparel, as he or they shall embezzle.

e it further enabled, That all Captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of His Captures nions Abroad, in order to be proceeded against to Condemnation in any of His Majesty's foouyht into l^e Admiralty, being thereto duly authorized, shall, without breaking Bulk, stay there, and be His Majesty*

'it (jare apd Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no ^b^adTndtr 'ih^n of the Naval Officer of the Port or Place where the same shall be brought, and the Captors

Court of any of the to any Pi'every such. at Greepiyi in whi

or ^lC*r ^Cnt or ^?ent8, subjca to the Eire&ion such Court of Vice Admiralty,

Care of Officers of Customs.

y final Sentence, have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize, or that such Interlocutory Order as aforesaid shall have been made for the releasing or delivering the fame; and upon the fiual Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall be immediately delivered unto tfep <Cjaptors thereof or their Agents. }

LVlML, further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Breach of Hi*

Admiralty, or the, Judge of any other Court lawfully commissioned to take Cognizance of Prize, upon due Majesty* In-

of the Breach of any of His Majesty's Instructions relating to Prizes, or of any Offence against the ^r 11^° ^a* LawoF Nqtion^ committed by the Captors in relation to any Prize, or to the Persons taken on board the qfTencesTy5' ° fame, to condemn the Prize to His Majesty's Use and Disposal, save as hereinabove is directed with respect Captors against ?u^ Pr Embezzlement; and where the Prize hath been taken by a Ship having a Commission Lnws of Na-or TSkter of Marque, to revoke the fame, and to pronounce the Bond to be forfeited, and to compel Payi tiwns» men! oFthe Penalty secured thereby, subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the Lords Commissioners of Appeals in Prize Causes.'t nf (>i '.

LIK. And WWeas "good and necessary Laws are in force within several of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, for preventing the carrying off from the said Colonies or Plantations any Servant or Slave

without the Confeut of the Owner, or the carrying off from thence any other Person or Persons whomsoever,

until such Person. shall have taken out his Ticket from the Secretary's Office within such respective Colony '

4 or Plantation, in such manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by the said several

1 Laws is declared and provided Be it therefore enacted, That all Commanders of Private Ships of War, Commanders of or Merchant Ships having Letters of Marque, shall, upon their going into any of the Ports or Harbours in the Ships whilst in said Colonies or Plantations, he subject, and they are hereby, declared to be subject to the several Directions, Colonies, subject Provifjons, Penalties and Forfeitures in and by such Laws made and provided; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

off tVrJbijs

:' ... -«LX. And without Com'cHU

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Offences committed cn board Private Ships of War tried tnd punished as Offences committed in His Majesty's Fleet. OifeiMiers confined, See.

Court Martial called.

Matters of Merchant1 VefTcIs under Convoy dilobeying Signals, 5c c.

[Penalty.]

Perjury.

Counterfeiting, &c. Letter of Marque, fiC.

[Penalty.]

Sessions held for Trial of Offences committed on High Seas.

Commissioners, &c. and Justices may take Informations, See. of Offences.

Imprisonment.

Persons necessary to give Evidence to enter imo Recognisance.

LX. And Whereas m all Private Ships or Vessels of War, or Merchant Ships or Vessels for which Comp«millions or Letters of Marque shall be taken out, and like wife hired armed Vessels taken into His Majesty's Service, it is expedient, for the better Discipline and Government of such Ships and Vessels, that all Per- Tons who enter themselves on board the fame should be under proper Regulations, and pay Obedience to the lawful Commands of the Captains and Chief Commanders of the said Ships and Vessels* Be it therefore ertaded, That all Offences committed by any Officer or Seaman on board any Vessel having a Commission or Letter of Marque during the present Hostilities, or on board any hired armed Vessel in His Majesty's Service, shall be tried and punished in such manner as the like Offences are tried and punished when committed by any Person belonging to His Majesty's Fleet: Provided always, that all Offenders who shall be accused of such Crimes as are cognizable by a Court Martial, shall be confined on board such Privateer, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, carrying Letters of Marque, in which such Offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive at some Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or can meet with such a Number of His Majesty's Ships of War abroad, as are sufficient to make a Court Martial; and upon Application made by the Commander of such Ship or Vessel carrying Letters of Marque, or hired armed Vessels in His Majesty's Service, to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or to the Commander in Chief or Senior Officer of His Majesty's said Ships of War abroad, the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Higfc Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or such Commander in Chief or Senior Officer abroad, are hereby authorized and required, in the usual manner, to call a Court Martial for trying and punishing the said Offences.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Captain of any Merchant Ship under Convoy shall wilfully disobey Signals or Inflrudions, or any other lawful Commands of the Commander of the Convoy, or shall desert the Convoy, without Notice given, and Leave obtained for that Purpose, he shall be liable to be articled against in the High Court of Admiralty, at the Suit of The King in His Office of Admiralty, for the fame; and upon Conviction thereof shall be fined, at the Discretion of the said Court, in any Sura not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, and shall suffer such Imprisonment, not exceeding One Year, as the said Court shall adjudge.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters hereinbefore required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Person so to do, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter or falsify any Commission for War or Letter of Marq'ue, or any Wrarrant for making out the fame, or any Certificate required or directed by this Act to be given for obtaining the fame, or shall publish or make use of any such Commission for War, or Warrant for making out the fame, or any Certificate as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, erased, altered or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXIII. And, for the more Speedy bringing of Offenders to Justice, and to prevent the Inconveniences occasioned by the want of frequently holding a Session of Admiralty for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, a Session of Oyer and 7Vr-miner, and Gaol Delivery, for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas within the Jurisdiction of thp Admiralty of England, shall be held Twice at the least in every Year at Justice Hall in the Old Bailey, London (except at such times as the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the City of London, and County of Middlesex, shall be appointed to be there held), or in such other Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, and at such times in each Year, as the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall, by any Letter or Order in Writing under their Hands, directed to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, for the time being, appoint.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful not only to and for any One or more of the said Commissioners for the time being, named in the Commission of Oyer vnATcrm'iner for trying of Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, but also to and for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the time being, of any County, Riding, Division or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered from time to time to take any Information or Informations'of any Witness or Witnesses in Writing upon Oath, touching any Murder, Piracy, Felony, Robbery or other Offence done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed in or upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek or Place where the Admiral or Admirals hath or have Power, Authority or Jurisdictioa; and thereupon (if such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively shall fee Cause) by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Person or Persons accused in such Information or Informations to be apprehended and committed to the Gaol of the County or Place wlterein the fame Information or Informations shall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due Course oFLaw.

LXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, who shall cause any such Person or Persons to be committed as is lad mentioned, shall and he or thesis and are hereby respectively required, at the same time, to oblige all and every such other Person or Persons, \vhom such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace shall judge necessary, to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be so committed as aforesaid, to enter into One or more Recognizance or Recognizances to His Majesty, in a sufficient Penalty for his, her or their appearing at the then next Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery to be held for the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, there to prokcute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be committed as aforesaid j and if any

Fcrioa

- X

S? GEORGUXi III.

Oi I 6d#

Person shall refute to enter into such Recognizance to prosecute or give Evidence as shall be required, lie, (lie Refuting tailor they so refilling, shall be committed by any such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices, to the t«r into Recog-Gaol of the County or Place in which the Person so r-filling shall be, until the next Sections of Admiralty shall bimocc. be held, or such Persons shall enter into such Recogniz nee as shall be required as aforesaid, which Recogni- lPrlfonmc, t-ranee or Recognizances together with the Information or Informations taken touching the Offence or Offences wherewith the Person or Persons to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said Commissioner or Com-' miflioiiers, or Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the same shall be taken, shall and they are hereby '*'*

respectively required to transmit with all convenient Speed, to the Registrar for the time being of the High '

Court of Admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the Judge for the time being of the fame, , v Court, and afterwards to be kept among the Records of that Court.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Marshal of the Admiralty for the time being, and his Deputy MatfcaloTAI. or Deputies, and all Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Stewards, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, Keepers of Gaols mffalty; tb and Prisons, and all other Oncers whatsoever for keeping of the Peace (as well within Liberties as without),

shall and they and every of them are hereby respectively authorized and required, from time to time diligently,

to execute, perform and obey all such Precept and Precepts, Warrant and Warrants, and other Order and t'..'*-

Orders, aa shall at any time or times hereafter be made, directed, ilTiicd or given to them, or any of them rc-spe6tively, by One or more of the said Commissioners named in the Commission of Oyer and T>rw//i//S or Justices of the Peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this A<fl, touching any of the Matters or Things herein contained.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Offence of taking afalfeOath, or suborning any Per- Offences out of son so to do, or any of the Offences by this Atl made cognizable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record Realm alleged to in Great Britain, shall be committed out of this Realm, the fame may be alleged to be committed, and may be laid, enquired of, tried and determined, in any County in England, in the same manner, to all Intents and an>'*k*WWTij , iN Purposes, as if the fame had been actually done or committed within the Body of such County.V"U J

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imputed by this Act, wherefocrer Penaitier.^4 a the same shall arise or become forfeited, may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in Forfeitures how any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or Monition and Attachment thereon In His recovered^ Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, unless in cases where any other Mode is by this Act particularly di* reded; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory or Place where the same shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majesty's Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurisdiction there.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Agent or Person is by this Act made PeditttortMti subject to the Forfeiture of any Sum of Money equal to any Money remaining in his Hands, or to the Amount ForfMiuthtfHoi# of any Balances or Shares, such Sum or Sums of Money shall, on Recovery thereof, go and be applied to the ^P*1*

Use of the Person or Persons who shall have been aggrieved by the Misconduct of such Agent or Person, and 1

all Pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, other than as aforesaid, and other than such as are by this Act directed to be otherwise applied and disposed of, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors «* f w*thereof.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Person or Limitation of ' Persons whomsoever* for any Matter or Thing whatsoever, done or committed under or by virtue or in the Actions. Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Three Years next after doing or committing such Matter or Thing: Provided also, that if any Action or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Ulue, and give this Act and the special Matter General IflTu* in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or.«.- r.;

Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have the like Remedy as where Coils by - a

Law are given to Defendants. "'u

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Kinghay grant any Order in Council, from time to time, to fix and ascertain proper and adequate Salaries for the Judges of j*4* yw Vice Admiralty Courts establisheJ or to be established in the Bahama and Bermuda Ulands, or in Jamaica or vdrairalty* Barbados, and likewise at the Island of Malta in the Mediterranean, not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Courts in Impounds per Annum for any of such Judges; and such Salaries shall be issued, payable and paid out of the Con- hanM, &c. folidated Fund of Great Britain; and further, that such Salaries shall be charged and chargeable, and paid hlds,c. and payable, in like manner in every respect, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Provisions,

Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's 39 3* I10*

Reign, intituled An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, <* - v'" and also the Lords of the Sessions, Lords Commissioners of Jujiiciary and Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Westminster> v Hall, on their Resignation of their respective Offices.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant to any Inch Judge, upon his Resignation of any such Office, an Annuity for the Term of his Life, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds, to be issued and payable, and , guatloa* paid out or the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and such Annuity shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable in like manner in every respect, as the Salaries of the said Judges: Provided always, that no Provifu. such Annuity granted to any such Judge shall be valid, unless such Judge shall have continued in One or more 55 Geo. III. 3N of

J udg*« Wile*

55° GEORGII III.

I, imitation of Profits df Judges.

4, 0.3(U.K.)

C. 96.

extended tocftfes during the War, and considered pan of Att.

of the said Offices for the Period of Six Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the Execution of his said Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Profits and Emoluments of the said Judges shall in no case exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to each, or any, or either of the said Judges in any One Year, and so in Proportion for any Part of a Year, over and above the Salary of such Judge by this Act granted; and every such Judge shall keep a just and true Account of the Fees and Pecuniary Profits and Emoluments received by him as such Judge in each Year, ending on the First Day of January in each Year, and shall as fooii after the said First Day of January as the fame can be done, in every Year, transmit an Account thereof to the Commissioner, of the Navy, and shall pay all Sums of Money exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners of the Navy shall deem fit, and they shall for that Purpose direct.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Regulations and Enactments contained in an Act passed iH the Forty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and cjfcSual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, shall extend and be applied to all like cases during the present War, and be considered as Part of this Act, except so far as the fame or any of them are by this or any other Act now in force altered or varied.

54 O.3. c. 93.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Regulations and Enaftm'ents, Penalties and Forfeitures, enacted by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Moneys and the Tranjmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital, and also the several Regulations and Enactments respecting Captures made by His Majesty's Army and other Forces in Conjunft Expeditions with His Majesty's Navy, and respecting Prize or Bounty Money* arising therefrom, and the Rights and Interests of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea relative thereto, and all Penalties and Forfeitures respecting the fame, enacted by an Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and to provide for the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Chelsea Hospital shall extend and be applied to all like cases during the present War, and be considered as Parts of this Act, except so far as the fame or any of them are by this or any other Act now in force altered or varied.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That this Act shall continue in force during the present War, and no longer, save and except as to all such Matters and Things as shall be depending in Judgment in the High Court of Admiralty, or Courts of Vice Admiralty in His Majestys Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Britain, at the time when the present War shall cease; and also save and except as to all such other Matters and Things which shall be brought into Judgment before the said High Court of Admiralty, or Courts of Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Britain, in confcquerfce of any Capture or Captures made during the present War, or of any Offence or Offences committed contrary to this Act; in respect whereof this Act shall continue in full force until such Matters, and every Thing dependant thereon, shall be finally adjudged and determined; and also save and except as to the Power of this Act, or the Acts hereby continued, given to His Majesty, to grant to any Judge of any Court of Vice Admiralty any such Salary and Annuity a4 therein mentioned 5 and in such Cases and on such Conditions as therein mentioned; and also save and except the Regulations contained in this Act, or of the Acts hereby continued and applied, regarding Letters of Attorney and Orders of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines; and also save and except as to the Clauses and Provisions in this or in the said Acts contained, by which the Punishment attached to the Crimes of personating Seamen, arid of Forgery when committed with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, is extended and made applicable to such Offences, when committed with Intent to defraud any Corporation or Corporations; and also save and except all Regulations in this or in the said Acts contained regarding all Powers and Interests given to the Treasurer of the Navy, and the Commissioners and Governors and other Officers of Greenwich Hospital; and also save and except the Clauses and Provisions herein or in the said Acts contained regarding the Distribution and accounting for all Monies arising from Seizures, for Breach of the Revenue and other Acts; and also save and except the Clauses herein contained respecting Proctors acting for the Benefit of others, and Persons illegally exercising the Functions of Proctors; all which shall continue in force until repealed by any subsequent Act of Parliament.

54 G. 3. c. 86. extended to

Aa.

Continuance.

exceptions.

CAP. CLXI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising bn Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. [lith July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to

amend and regulate the Assessment and Colie Sion of the AJfeJfed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on

Profits arifng from Property, Profejfons, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

the Mode of collecting the said Adeffed Taxes in Scotland has, as far as circumstances will admit, been assimilated to that of England, and it 19 just that the fame Poundage and other Allowances paid to the

Receivers General and Parochial Collectors in England, in respect to the said Assessed Taxes, should be allowed to the Principal and Sub Col}eftors in Scotland, in respect of the fame Taxes $* May it therefore*

--.jilcafe

'55° GEORGII III.'C.'i 459

please Your Majesty that it rtiay be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Principal Collector of Assessed Taxes Collector to

of every County, Stewartry, City, Burgh or District in Scotland, shall have an Allowance of Three Halfpence have an Allow*

in the Pound on all Mouey received by them at any time since the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight ance on Money

hundred and thirteen, or which shall be hereafter received by them, under the Authority of any Act or Acts

for the Assessment and Collection of the said Taxes, and paid over to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, his* '

Deputy or Deputies, and also for what Money such Principal Collector shall pay out of such Duties to any Person or Persons in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, and shall duly account to the said Receiver

General, or his Deputy, for such Payments; and that in every County, City, Burgh or District where n Allowance to

Sub Collector or Sub Collectors shall be nominated and appointed in pursuance of the above recited Acts, an Sub Collectors.

Allowance of Three pence in the Pound on all Monies received by them at any time since the said Fifth Day

of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or which shall hereafter be received by them and paid to

the Principal Collectors of the said County, City or Burgh, shall be allowed to the said Sub Collector or Sub '

Collectors in such County or City, in such Proportions, and to such Amount among the several Sub Col-

leftors of each County, City, Burgh or District, as the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, ou due Consider-

ation of the circumstances of each particular case, and of the Trouble, Expence and Responsibility of the

i'several Sub Collectors of each such County, City, Burgh or District, shall from time to time allow and

aGign for. their Remuneration: Provided always, that in the Event of any County, Stewartry, City or-Burgh, wiiere no 3

not being divided into Districts, and consequently no Sub Collector or Sub Collectors being appointed therein, Collectors ap-

the Collector nominated and appointed under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the pointed, Collet

Assessed Taxes, and doing the respective Duties of both Collector and Sub Collector, shall be entitled to for to receive

the Allowance of Three Half pence in the Pound granted as aforesaid, to Principal Collectors, as also to >l"

an additional Allowance of Three Half pence in the Pound, amounting in whole to an Allowance of Three

pence in the Pound, for all Monies which shall be received and paid over by him to the Receiver General at

Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Deputies, and also for what Money he shall pay over of such Duties to any Person or PerfoDS in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, and for which he shall duly account to the said

Receiver General or his Deputy, but declaring always, that in every County, City or Place which shall have provifu.

been divided into Districts, and Sub Collectors appointed, it shall not be lawful for any principal Collector to act

also as Sub Collector, nor for any Sub Collector to act as Sub Collector for more than One District of any such County or Place, without the special Authority of the said Barons.

II. And Whereas by the aforesaid Statute, it is enacted, that the said Sub Collectors shall pay over the^0, 3. c. 95.

several Duties so received by them without Delay, or at farthest on or before the First Day of next §7.

Month after receiving the said Duties to the Collector of the fame Duties respectively, for the County,

Stewartry, City or Burgh, within which such District or Division or Part thereof is situated; and Incon- venience having arisen from the said Mode of Payment by the principal Collectors being obliged upon the Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July and Tenth Day of October, to pay over the whole of the Duties received by them to the Receiver General, by which means it frequently happens that they have not Money in their Hands to make Payment of the several Sums directed to be paid by various Acts of Parliament Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Barons to allow the Barons to allow said several Sub Collectors to retain in their respective Hands so much of the said Monies as shall appear to Sub Collector* the said Barons to be necessary to enable the said Sub Collectors to answer the Payments to be made by ^Money

them, under and by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, for and during such time as the said Barons answer pay, shall order, not later than the Twelfth Day of the succeeding Month after the said Sub Collectors shall have menu made unreceived the fame; any thing in the aforesaid Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding. der any Act.

III. And Whereas by an Adbmade in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for 43 G. 3. c.ijorf consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and by the said Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present 54 G. 3. c. 95.

Majesty, it is enacted, that the respective Collectors of the Duties therein mentioned to be appointed for the several Counties, Cities and Burghs, shall make Returns of quarterly Statements of Taxes, and of Lists of Arrears of Taxes, which said Returns and Lifts shall be verified on Oath before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the Shire or Stewartry, or before the Chief Magistrate of the City or Burgh for which he or they is or are Collector or Collectors, Sub Collector or Sub Collectors of the said several Duties: And Whereas from the Places of Residence of many of the Collectors and Sub Collectors, the Verification of the said State-r ments and Lifts before Sheriffs and Stewards Depute, or their Substitutes, or the Chief Magistrates of'

Burghs, has in certain cases been found inconvenient Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Collectors and Sub Collectors appointed or to be appointed to Collectont verify the said Statements and Lifts before any of His Majesty's Justices of Peace in the Counties or Burghs 0fTaxes in which they shall be Collector or Sub Collector, as well as before the Sheriffs and Stewards Depute, or before Justices their Substitutes, or the Chief Magistrates of Burghs; any thing in the Two recited Statutes before men- as well ai before tioned notwithstanding. Sheriff*, &c.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall wilfully give false Evidence, False Oath, &c. or make any false Oath or Affirmation or Affidavit before the Commissioners for executing this or any other Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of the Act, made in the Forty third 43 G. 3. c.ijoi Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Ad §

9T Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes> and for amend-

3 N 2 in}

460

[Penalty.]

Obstruding Commissioners r Officers.

Penalty

0.161, 162, 163. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

tng the said Act: so far as the same relate tq that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or before the Sheriff Depute, Sheriff Subrcitute, Justices of the Peach oriMagmratesof Burghs or others, by the said Act or by this Act empowered to administer the same, touching any Mattey or Thing within, the Intent and Meaning of the said Actfr, shall forfeit the Sum of Two .hundred Pounds Sterling, and be rendered incapable of again acting as Collector or Sub Collector in the Execution of any Act or Acts granting Duties under the Management of the CommissionerB for the Affairs of Taxes.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time hereafter obstructc any Commissioner or Commissioners, Assessor or Assessofa, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, Collector or Collectors, Sub Collector or Sub ColTe&ors appointed under the Provisions or by virtue of any of the Statutes passed'or to be passed for the Assessmerrt or ChlledlioU'of the said Taxes, or of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Profefltons, Trades and Offices, in Scotland, or any of them, or any Constables or other Officers or Persons employed by the said Collector or Collectors, Sub Collector or Sub Collectors, in the due Execution of his or thefr.said Office or Offices, Duty or Duties respectively, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit, the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling; and all Penalties under this Act shall be recovered in such manner as any other Penalty is recoverable under the Provisions or in pursuance of the said Statutes, or any of them.

CAP. CLXII.

An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Epsom Salt. [11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties of Excise now payable on Epsom Salt made or pro-

Sch. (A.) (C.) \\ duced in Great Britain, and the Drawbacks by Law granted or allowed on the Exportation

Si*3* C*14*thereof to Foreign Parts as Merchandize Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty,

5*by and, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

as to Epsom Salt parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the repealed. said Duties and Drawbacks shall be and the same are hereby respectively repealed, favc and except in all cases

relating to the recovering, allowing or paying, any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, and incurred on or before the said last mentioned Day.

[See as to Glauber Salty antey r. 66. J 33-3

Commissioners of Customs may revoke Licences to Open Boats to Foreign Parts, and in future limit Navigation of Boats.

On Order of Revocation being left with Owner of Open Boat, Licence void, and delivered up, ftc.

[Penalty.]

In what case Boat forfeited.

Penalties how recovered and applied.

CAP. CLXIII.

An Act to regulate the issuing of Licences to allow Open Boats to proceed to Foreign Parts, and for revoking the fame when necessary. [11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to empower the Commissioners of the Customs in England» Scotland and Ireland respectively, to revoke Licences which have been issued for Open Boats not belonging to

Ships or Vessels, allowing such Boats to proceed to Foreign Parts, and in future either to refuse Licences for such Boats or to limit and confine their Employment or Navigation, in such manner as the said Commissioners respectively may fee fit, whenever it shall appear to them expedient so to do, for the Prevention

of Smuggling and the Safety and Protection of the Revenue 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, or any Three or more of them, to revoke Licences which have been issued for Open Boats not belonging to Ships or Vessels, allowing such Open Boats to proceed to Foreign Parts, and in future either to refuse Licences for such Open Boats, or to limit and confine the Employment or Navigation thereof in any manner and within any Limits and Distance of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland* as they the said Commissioners respectively may deem fitting and proper, whenever it shall appear to the said Commissioners respectively that such Revocation, Refusal or Limitation is expedient for the Prevention of Smuggling, and the Safety and Protection of the Revenue.

II. And be it further enacted, That after the said Commissioners respectively shall by any Order in Writing under their Hands have revoked any such Licence, a Copy of the Order of Revocation mall be left either with any One of the Owners of such Open Boat or with the Person having the Care or Custody thereof, and from and after the Delivery of a Copy of such Order as aforesaid, the Licence granted for such Boat shall and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void, and the Owner and Owners is and are hereby required to cause the said Licence to be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs of the Port to which such Boat shall belong, within Three Months from the Day on which the Order of Revocation shall have been delivered as aforesaid j or in case of the said Licence being loft or taken by the Enemy, satisfactory Proof on Oath shall be within the same Period made before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port, which Oath they are hereby author rized and required te administer; and in case such Licence shall not be delivered up, and no such Proof shall be made within such Period as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Open Boat shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; or if such Open Boat shall be used or navigated after a Copy of the Order revoking the Licence shall have been delivered as aforesaid, every such Open Boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created or imposed by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, in such manner and by such ways, means and methods, as any Penalties or Forfeitures for any Offence against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted* recovered and disposed of.

ii CAP.

AJX1&15. S'$° GEORGII III. C. 164, 165. 461

CAP. CLXIV.

An Act; to exonerate, in certain Cases, Foreign Spirits imported daring the Suspension of the Spirit Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, from the additional Duty imposed thereon.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty song George 5 % G* 3. t. 3. the Third, intituled An Act to revive and continue until tie ThirtyJirfi Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, fa much of an Act made in the, Forty ninth Tear of fJisbrefent Majesty, to prohibit the 4 DiJHUation. of Spirit* from Com ot Grain in tie United Kingdom as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another Act made, in tie Forty ninth Ttar aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irishmade Spirit* into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar, during the Prohibition of Distulation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain; it was en- ly#

acted, that during the Continuance of the Prohibition of the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain mentioned in, the said Act, all and singular the Duties in the said Act in that behalf mentioned should be fupended,

and that during such Suspension there should be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for all Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita, or Strong Waters (except Rum of the Produce of the British Plantations), imported into Great Britain, and for which the Duties chargeable thereon should not have bc*n paid on the Fourteenth Day of January One thousaid eight hundred and twelve, or imported after*that Day, an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of the fevertd Duties of Excise imposed for or iu respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of that AS: And Whereas by another AS made in the Fifty third 53 3* 7*

Year of His said Majesty* Reign, among other things, to suspend the Importation of British or /r//£-made

Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively, the said Suspension was continued, and the fame, in cpnsequence and by virtue of His Majesty's Order in Council published in the London Gazette, ceased on the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, on which Day there were remaining in the,

Warehouses in which the fame had been lodged and secured under the Regulations of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His said Majestys Reign, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into 43 3*3*

Great Britain, to he secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, and other Acts of Parliament relating to the warehousing of imported Goods without Payment of the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof, under the Joint Locks of The Crown and the Merchant, large Quantities of such Rum,

Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita and Strong Waters (not of the Produce of the British Plantations), and on which the said additional Duty of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum had become and was chargeable and charged, and which remained in the said Warehouses subject to the said additional Duty until the Mouth of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, at and after which time the said Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita and Strong Waters, were, under and by virtue of Orders given and issued by the Lords Commissioner#

of His Majesty's Treasury* or.some of them, for that Purpose, to the Commissioners of Excise, delivered by the Officers of Excise from or out of the said Warehouses, without Payment of the said additional Duty

and it is expedient to exonerate all such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita and Strong Waters, so delivered < from the said additional Duty, and also to grant and give the Indemnifications herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita and Strong Waters respectively, so delivered from or Rum, &c. sub-out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, iu or after the said Mouth of July One thousand eight hundred je&to Duty of and fourteen, without Payment of the said additional Duty of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, I, 4* I°L£e* shall be and the same are hereby exonerated from the said additional Duty, and every Part thereof; and the said o* 3. c. 3, Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, concerned in the giving or issuing any such Order or Orders, exonerated^ and shall and they are hereby fully indemnified, for or in respect of giving or issuing any such Order or Orders, and Persona eon-the said Commissioners of Excise, concerned in causing any Officer or Officers of Excise to deliver any such his.

Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters, in or after the said Month of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, from or out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, without Payment of the said additional Duty, or to forbear to collect or receive any such additional Duty for or in respect of any such Rum,

Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters so delivered; and all such Officers of Excise who have so delivered aoy such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters, or who have forborne to collect or receive the said additional Duty, or any Part thereof, for or in respect of any such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters so delivered, shall be and they respectively are hereby also fully indemnified for or in re*

Jpeft thereof respectively.

CAP. CLXV.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[11 th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay,

4 W Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon (when disembodied), in Great Britain, from the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen j and also

so?

4*>a

Secretary at W*r to issue Mqpey required for rav of Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Rates of Pay when absent on furlough.

Clothing.

L

Contingent £x pence*.

ReGdence of Officers where Arras of Corps Jtept.

Frovifa.

Quarter Matter,

See. to have Charge of Arms,

Ac.

Paymaster to She Money for

0.165. , 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 188

for making Allowance* of Reduced Pay, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Regular Militia, and Miners of Devon and Cornwall in Great Britain, wlrile disembodied; and also AHow-

ances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may be reduced; and to

Adjutants and 'Surgeons, after long Service; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual And, Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary at War for the time 'seeing may and shall, and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to canfe to be iffiicd and paid tb^ whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain fvvhen disembodied), in the manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the P^y of thp £aid Regular Militia at the Rates following 5 that is to say,

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem:

For each Paymaster, in Corps confiding of Three Companies, and upwards, Six Shillings per Diem:

For each Paymaster, in Corps consisting of Two Companies, Five Shillings Diem:

For each Paymaster, in Corps consisting of One Company, Four Shillings per Diem:

For each Surgeon, Six Shillings per Diem:

For each Quarter Master, where One had been appointed in a Corps while embodied at an Establishment oi not less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Five Shillings per Diemi and at an Establishment of less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Three Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shilling* and Six pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provisional Battalion* of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem:

For each Corporal, One Shilling and Two pence per Diem: ,

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Three or more Companies, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem:

Fqr each Drummer, One Shilling per Diem:

Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall during such Absence receive Pay at the following Rates, instead of those above mentioned; that is to say,

Every Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of the Militia, Two Shillings*per Diem:

For every Serjeant having been a Colour Serjeant in any Provisional Battalion of the Militia, One Shilling' and Six pence per Diem:

For every Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One* ShiHing and Four pence per Diem:

For every other Serjeant, the Sum of One Shilling Diem:

For every Corporal, the Sum of Eight pence per Diem:

For every Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Three or more Companies, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem:

And for every Drummer, the Sum of Six pence per Diem respectively, and no more:

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), at the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major; Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant 5 Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten pence for each Corporal; Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drnm Major; Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer; and Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Man, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as shall have been notified by the Secretary at War; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on Constant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years, and also at the Rate of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the Contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

Provided always, that every Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon and Quarter Master of Regular Militia when difera-bodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong, are kept, or within such Biftance thereof as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary at War; and the said Officers and the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers shall be subject to the same Rules in respect to occasional Absence, as the Adjutants of disembodied Militia are by Law liable to: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quarter Master, Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer shall fbrfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent without the Leave of the Colonel or Commandant of his Corps.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Master of each Regiment of Militia in which a Quarter Master is appointed, and when no Quarter Master is appointed, then the Paymaster shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores, under the Super- ifttendance of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Paymaster shall, out of the Allowance of Three pence # per Month for each Private Man and Drummer directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the.

I Coutuu

55° OfiORGn'HI. 463

Contingent Expeoces of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps from time to time issue and pay such Sums of Contingent Ex-Money as may beneceflary for the Repair of AVms and other usual Contingent Expences upon an Order in pences on Order Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid, he f; e*»ed by shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, shewing ColoneL the Balances remaining in his Hands (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, BAmce to form. Battalion or Corps), and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Bat- Stock>urfe* talion or Corp8, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said Accounts so allowed and signed, shall.,

be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Pay matter, for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

[SeSion 3. is the same as §3. of 54 G. 3. £.189.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Militia whetr Men of the Regular Militia, shall for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the called out for Purpose of annual Exercise or Training, or when called out for the suppressing Riots or Tumults, be entitled Training, &c. to the fame Pay and Allowances as the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of emiLled to the Militia when embodied.

V. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain while disembodied, under certain Regulations 5' Be it further enacted, That the following Allowances to- P Allowances over and above the Pay to which they are entitled during the time of annual Exercise, or when Subalterns and called out for the Suppression of Riot* or Tumults, shall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the manner herein after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate who held or shall 4te* hold a Commission in the Militia of Great Britain, and was or shall be serving therein, when the Corps was or shall be disembodied 5 that is to say,

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem:

To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem .*

And to a Surgeon's Mate, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that all Officers of the Militia serving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenant, shall be deemed*

to be Lieutenants, and all Officers serving with the Rank of Second Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Eufigns

for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall during the Continuance of Exception* this Act become possessed of such an Ettate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the said Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant, Surgeon,

Payroafter or Quarter Matter in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, nor any Officer on Full Pay

of the Navy, Army or Marines, shall have or be in any way entitled to the said Allowances or any Part or Share.

thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Militia who Oath taken t» shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to entitle to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some One Allowances. of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words, or to the Effect following y.

videlicet,

I A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the of Militia when the fame was disembodied*

1*and that I have continued to serve therein from that time until the Day of

inclnfive, as a Lieutenant, [Ensign, or, Surgeon's Mate, as the case may bef] and that I was not in 1 my own Right, or in Right of my Wife during the said Period in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or

Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above

Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have

not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment, Battalion or"

1 Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy during the said

1 Period any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Pay as for the Period of

1 the Corps having assembled to be trained and exercised, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, arij 1 my Half Pay as.« So help me GOD /

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the Paymaster of the Regiment of Militia by the '

Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming the Allowance.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate of the Militia who Subalterns and shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise*Surgeons* Mates and Training of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, during the whole of the time by to att*n<1 Law appointed for that Purpose, or during the Period of being called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, Exerc"e» and shall during the said time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on Pain of forfeiting the said Allowance as well as the Rest of his Pay, Penalty, and every Part thereof, which may be due for the Current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend, and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty signed by the Commanding Officer of the Certificates. Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, shall be furnished by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to which the Officer shall belong: Provided Commanding always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming to be entitled to such Allowance Officer may shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity to be 8ra, lt Leave oi: absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, or assembling for the Suppression of Riots or Ahfe, c<u Tumults, for which Purpose k shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant, such Leave of Absence,

then

[Proviso.]

If Regiment not called out before Day fixed for Half-yearly Payment, Allowance paid on taking Oath before Just ice, without Certificate of Attendance.

When Pay-matters to pay Allowances.

On Neglect of Attendance of Subaltern, &c.

being certified by Colonel, &c. his Claim to Allowance forfeited.

Persons on H4f Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having l'erved in Army, ire. empowered, if serving in Militia, to teceive Subsistence Money directed to be paid, on taking following Oath.

Non Comrr.iffioued Officers, Sec. not to lufe Right to Cttel-l'ea Pensions, &c,

Adjutants, after

Service of 20 Years and unfit

C: i6$. 55° GEORG 1I III. A4Di 1815.

then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate, who maybe so permitted to be absent and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said annual Exercise, or assembling for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults: Provided always, that the reason for such Absence as well as the Duration thereof shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned), to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to he furnished as soon as conveniently may be to the Pay* mailer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, wherein such Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate shall be serving.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia after the disembodying thereof, and before the respective Days herein after fixed for the Half-yearly Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall nave taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps had been fumished to the Paymaster of the Regiment.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Oaths being produced to the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's Mate, in Addition to their Pay for the time of Training and Exercise or for the time of assembling for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Months or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, and the other proper Proportion of the fame, on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, without any Deduction whatsoever; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Militia entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon actual Service, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon at such Times or for such Occasions as may be required of them in pursuance of the Laws now in force respecting the Militia when disem* bodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate shall on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the I.ord Lieutenant and Paymaster, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate shall belong, forfeit his Claims to the said Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[Session 12. is the same as §12. of 54 G$. c. 189.]

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subsistence Money and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Enfigus, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quarter Mailers, Surgeons and Surgeons' Mates, when assembled for annual Training, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults; and the receiving and taking any such Subsistence Money and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Master, Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, so as in any manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay or being entitled to any such Allowance from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

I A.B. do swear, I had not between the and the any Place or Employment of

Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a Reduced

in His Majesty's Navy, [or, in the Marines, or, in late Regiment of ],

or, Allowance as in late Troop of Horse Guards, [or Regiment of Horse re-

duced], save and except my Subsistence or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adju-

tant, Paymaster, or, Quarter Master, Surgeon, or, Surgeon's Mate, [as the case may be-\ for serving in the«Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea Pensions or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia, when assembled for Training, or when called out for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, nor shall any Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance of Two Shillings and Six pence or Two Shillings a Day granted by this Act, to Subalterns or Surgeons' Mates when disembodied.

[Session 15. is the same as §1 $ of 54 G. 3. c. 189.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall have fervid faithfully, either in His Majesty'i

Regular

A.D. 1 ffi5. 55° GEORGII III. C. 165, 166. 465

Regular Forces, or in the Regular or LocXlMiiitim, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the Whole, whereof for Service, to Ten shall hare been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or receive AJ-Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, Audi, on producing to the Paymaster of the Regiment a Certificate kvance. of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, together with an Order from the Secretary at War be entitled to receive, and the Pay-mailer aforesaid shall be and ia hereby authorized to pay to such Person producing such Certificate and Order as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be Provife, entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who fiudl have served for a less Term than- Ten Years as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military ander His Majesty: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by pravifa. reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such A2Sowanc&

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served either in Surgvm after Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Militia ror the full Term of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity Service of so berendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Payntafter of the Regiment a Certificate of un*t

such Service of Twenty Years in the whole (Ten of which he shall have served as a Surgeon of Militia), from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the lowance.

fitid Paymtffter shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to inch Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, together with an Order from the Secretary at War, an Allowance at the Rate of*Six Shil-w' Ebgs/rr Diem, commencing the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided Wovtfa. t slWjrs, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Ehromrinent of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; but no Person receiving such Allowance, shall, by radon thereof, forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which, be may be entitled* mat. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of MdkiaihaUhave Reduced Adja-n already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine, or be reduced tint to receive in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act; , the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to 4*-p« D*7-such Perfob as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth I)ay of Jilne One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or from the time such Regiment shall oeafe and determine, , f.H

b? be reduced in its Establishment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousead eight

Hundred and sixteen: Provided always, that no such' reduced Adjutant shall loie. any Right he majr have to pmviffc J 5bdf Pay, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but Audi be entitled to receive fitch Half

# Pay as well as such Allowance.>

XIX. And Whereas it is expedient, that an Act passed in the Thirty math and Fortieth Year of thd^4, p O, 3-

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting, until the Twenty fifth Day 0/March One thousand c. 44-

eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of MHttia, disemhodiaduudmr an

Aff of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an nddi-

tionat Humber of volunteers from the Militia, under certain Rejtri&ions; which has been revived and continued ' by several susbequent Acts until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen,

fhotfid be again revived and further continued, ' so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Seijeatt Majors^ 7 Be it therefore enacted, That the said recked Ad, and the Allowances, therein granted and meaStoaed, to revived m#con-Adjutanta and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provisions relating thereto, shall be revived from the said Twenty terns* tin*fifth thy of June Otie thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day*JJ^J*

of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Seijeont Majors: rolstii to iXIjn Provided always, that the Allowance toeach Adjutant disembodied as afootsaid, shall, from the said Twenty tmet, we. fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be issued at the augmented Rate of Four Shillings Prorifor per Diem. "

eSiouktik the feme as §20. of 54G. 3. c. 189.

XXI. And be it farther enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Cldthing, Allowances and Money for Pay, Contingent Expences for the Regular Militia when disembodied as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid under thee. iflutd uider Direction of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as. he may deem 'it ex- Directioru pedient to adopt from time to time in that behalf, and to authorize, empower and require the Agent General of ^eur7at 1 the disembodied Militia to make such Payments accordingly*

[toBionc are the fame (encept the Date) oftbelike SeSiot^f 54. Gh 3. r. 189.]

CAP. CLXVI. 'U -

An Act*fer defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothingtftf the .Local Militia in Great Britain, to the TVenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred aitdsixteen.

[1 i th July 1835.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for d^raymjpthe Charge of the Pay,

Yj Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Local Militia in Great BNfatnJ/front 'the Twenty fifth.4 Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen to the Twenty fifth March One thousand

r ' Agnt hundred and sixteen* Be it therefore ena&ecj by The King's Mttft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual* a£d Temppral, and (Jomrtkftlt, in thia[present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Ctftmty, ' Riding or Place in Secretary at England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, whfcre the*Ld*glMtetl* is or- shall War to issue be/jftfpd, the ^Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered and required to, to b^ .ifiu^ed and paid the whole Sum required fdr the Local MiKtia, in the Manner and for the several 2£ocal* c 55 Geo. III. 3 O' - - Ufea MiUua.

466

Races of P*y

[Proviso.]

Ra$es of Pay when absent 00 Furlough. Clothing.

50 G. 3. C. a 5.

Contingent

Expences.

Non Commis-(Ioned Officers, 5c c subject to Provisions of $1 G. 3. cc. 38. 68.

Allowance to Surgeons.

Quarter Matter, to have Charge of Arms, See. u ho thill issue Money necessary for Repairs, on Order signed by Colonel.

Balance to form Stock Puri'e.-

Lecal Militia entitled to Pay during Periods of Annual Exercise, &c.

Right to Chelsea Pensions not affixed.

C. 166. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

LJfes herein after mentioned; that is to say, For the Pay of the said Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Matter, where the Establishment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which he is appointed, ftiali not he less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men 5 and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to such Quarter Matter, where the Establishment shall be under that Number; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, wkh the Addition of Two Shillings and Six pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major .is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for every Corporal retained by Order of His Majesty, and so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed 1 Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall during such Absence receive Pay at the following Rates, iostead of those above mentioned 5 that is to say. Every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling per Day, evety Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no mores And also for the Clothing of the Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant, Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer, and Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Man, together wjfeh the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as fiwQ have been notified by the Secretary at War; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeant* Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on conttant Pay, and resident at the Head Quarters* Aril he clothed once in Two Years; and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, of Local: Militia, beyqnd the regular Establishment of the Permanent Staff thereof, as may be serving on Reduced.Pay, wider the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend fevered Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new Clothing when their present Clothing shall have been actually and necessarily worn for Two Years: And also at the Rate of Three pence per Man per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the Contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

ft. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of Local Militia serving upon Permanent Pay, shall be subject to the Provisions of Two Acts made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England and Scotland respectively, in as far as relates to the Allowance for Necessaries, although they may have been enrolled previous to the patting of the said Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia assembled for Training in Addition to his Pay, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence per Week for every Hundred Rank and File for the Expence of the necessary Medicines for the Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men, and an Allowance of Six pence per .Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on conttant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers on conttant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion or orps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Matter of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps 4f Local Militia, or in his Absence the Adjutant, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing or Necessaries, and other Stores, under the Superintendance of the Colonel or Commandant, and shall out of the Money hereby directed to be issued and paid for defraying the Contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time issue out and pay such Sums 6f Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, or other usual incidental Expences, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, he shall Three times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, and of the Balance remaining in his Hands; which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall transmit the said Account to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regintent, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quarter Matter for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Local Militia when assembled for Training shall be entitled to the fame Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall only extend to such Period or Periods for which the said Local Militia shall be called out for the Purpose of Annual' Exercise or Training, or for suppressing Riots or Tumults, with the Addition of the Days of arriving at and Departure from and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exercise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Session 6. is the same as $ 5. of 5 4 G. 3. c. 176. SeSion 6. of the former Act is omitted.]

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Quarter Matter, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man in the Local Militia entitled to receive any Chelsea Pension or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Local Militia.

A.D. 1815.

Si0 GEORGII IIt.

C. 166, 167. 4 67

Adjutants, after Service of 30 Years and unfit for further Service, to receive Allowance.

Proyif*.

[Proviso.]

Reduced Adju-tan s to receive ^s. per Day.

[Proviso.]

VIII. And Whereas Pttrfooi appointed to a A ae Adjutants in the Local Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that feme Provision should be made foe them in Consideration of their former Service* Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia for the full Term of Thirty Yean in the whole, Fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall on producing to the Quarter Matter of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, together with an Order from the Secretary at War, be entitled to receive, and the Quarter Matter aforesaid shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate and Order as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day t Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Term than Fifteen Years as an Atfiutant of Regular or Local Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Miutary, under His Majesty: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its JEstablishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or from the time such Regiment, Battalion or Cores, shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as latt aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

[ Sessions 10 — 14. are the same as §10 — 14- of 54 G. 3. c. 176. SeBion 15. of the former Act is omitted.]\

CAP. CLXVII.

An Act for defraying until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen*

the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[1 ith July 1815.]

SECTION 1. is the fame (except the Date) as §1. of 54 G. % . c. 177.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawnil for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Charge* of Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's packing, fee. Treasury in Irelandto issue and pay such further Sums as shall be requisite for the Payment of the necessary v»<^ for*" Charges of the packing and conveying of any such Clothing, and for any Alteration thereof to fit the Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Militia respectively.

[SeBiotu 3 — 8. are the same as §2 — 7. of 54 G. 3. c. 177.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia, Subalterns who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous chiming Allow-' to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one 10 take of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County in the United Kingdom in which they shall respectively be, in the Words or to the Efieft following; videlicet, [The Oath and the remainder of this SeBion are in the fame Words as §&. of 54 G. 3. c. 177.

£SeBion 10. is the same as $ 9. of 54*G. 3. c. 177.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, if Militia itot after the disembodying thereof, and before the respective Days herein after fixed for the Half-yearly Payment called out to of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern annual Exercise* Officer and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore'mentioned, before any such Justice of Allowance, the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Battalion during the Whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as it a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, had been furnished to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion.

f SeBions 12 — 22. are the fame (except the Dates) as §11 — 21 of 54 G. 3. r.177.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Hire or Cost of any House or Place to be provided for the Expence of keeping of tl»e Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing or other Stores, and for the Residence and Accommodation House for de-of the Permanent Staff belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied; Arm*

that is to say, of the Paymaster, Adjutant, Surgeon and Quarter Matter thereof, shall be defrayed by the MiiitbTc.°de-County, and the necessary Sum for that Purpose shall be raised by Presentment of the Grand Jury of the frJyed by*said County, and which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to paf9, County, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or in the Absence of such Chief Secretary by the Under Secretary for the Military Department, and specifying the Costs incurred or to be incurred in building such House or Place, or

3 O 2 the

468 0.167, 168?

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Provisix

Prorish.

Extra Essences

for providing Pbces for Arms, Jkc. to be paid.

41 G. 3. c. 90.

; .»0.3. C. 9X.

49 G. 3. C.I2Q.

Offences committed, while Militia assembled for Training, or embodied, afterwards tried by Court Martial.

Charges made -out and delivered

within Six Months after Training or being dHetn-bodied.

General Courts Martial appointed, as if Militia embodied.

Pay anJ Allowance to Officer*.

the Rent agreed to be paid for the same, or both Costs and Rent, which Certificate shall be tianfitsittod by such Chief Secretary to The Clerk of the Crown for such County, at any time prior to the First Day of the Assizes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to the First Day of the Presenting Term: Provided that m no case any greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irish Currency shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such Place, nor a greater Sum than Two hundred Pounds Irish Currency shall be required for building such House; fare only in such cases wherein the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall think proper spedally to permit or order a greater Rent or Sum, and then not more than One hundred Pounds yearly net, exclusive of Taxes and Repairs, or a Sum of Five hundred Pounds; such Permission or Older to be certified to the Clerk of The Crown by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence, the Under Secretary for the Military Department: Provided also, that the Grand Juries of such Counties shall be entitled to pttrehafe Ground for building and erecting such House, in the same manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchase Ground for building County Gaols.'. j a >ir

( XXIV- And Whereas the Sums heretofore allowed to be presented for such Purposes have been in fame c InfUnces found quite inefficient, and therefore larger Sums have been expended, or larger Rents agreed for, c or both, and it is expedient and reasonable, that such extra Expences should be defrayed in manner aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases in which the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall deem any such Agreement or Expenditure to have been proper and necessary, and that the same shall be so certified to the Clerk of The Crown in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County to present the same to be raised in the fame matter in all respects as they could or might do under this Act, in case of an Agreement or Expenditure under at in pursuance of a previous Permission or Order made under this Act.

[Se8ions 25 — 27. are the same as §23 — 25. of 54 G. 3. r. 177.] '*

CAP. CLXVni.

An Act: to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Militias of Great Britain and Ireland.

[I ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether Officers, Non Commissioned Officers or Private Men, in the Militia', can be tried or punished after the Expiration of Periods of Training and Exercising, or

after the Militia shall be disembodied, for any Offence committed against any Ad in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, or the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, during the Period of 1 such Regiment being assembled for Training and Exercise, or of such Regiment being embodied, and it is

expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man of the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, who shall, during the Period of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong being assembled for Training and Exercise, or being embodied, have been guihy of any Offence against any Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, may be tried by any General or Regimental Court Martial, consisting of Officers of the Militia, and if found guilty may be punished for such Offence, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man shall belong, shall have been dismissed after Training and Exercise, or shall have been disembodied, in like manner as any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man may be tried and punished during the Period of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps being assembled for Training and Exercise, or embodied.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private, shall be liable to be tried or punished for any such Offence committed during the Period of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps being assembled for the Purpose of Training and Exercise, or embodied, unless the Charges against such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, or Private Man, shall have been made out and delivered within Six Months after the Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall have been dismissed after Training and Exercising, or disembodied.

III. And be it further enacted, That whensoever in any of the said cases it shall be necessary that a General Court Martial should be held for any such Trial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to signify His Pleasure to such and so many Lieutenants of Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Shires or Places in Great Britain as His Majesty shall deem necessary, that Officers of their respective Counties will be required to assemble to form such Court, and every such Lieutenant shall thereupon give Orders to such Number of Officers as shall be required, who shall forthwith attend to form such Court, and that every such General Court Martial for the Trial of any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man. of the Militia of Ireland, shall be appointed in the same manner, and by and under the fame Orders and Authority in all respects, as if that Part of the Militia of the United Kingdom which shall have been raised and levied, in Ireland were there drawn out and embodied as aforesaid; and all Officers who shall refuse or negledi to attend any such Courts Martial, shall be liable to be tried by a General Court Martial, to be assembled according to the Regulations of this Act, for such Disobedience of Orders 5 and all Officers attending to form such Courts shall be entitled to Pay during such Attendance, and to Two Shillingj for every Mile for going to such Court Martial at the Commencement thereof, and returning after the Conclusion of the Proceedings of

4$9

A.D. 1815. 55° GiEQRGU III, C. 168, 169:

the Court; and evferys General Gotiirt Martial & appointed shall be sworn and held in the fame maimer ai if the said respective Militias were drawn out and embodied at the time of holding the said Court Martial; and every such Court Martial shall have allfueh and the Uke Powers and Authorities, and shall be of the fame Force, and Efled in all respects as if the Militia frotn which the Officers thereof are assembled was, then drawn out and embodied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for holding a Regimental Court Martial in any of the said cases for Regimental which such Court Martial shall be proper, it (half be lawful for the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to Courts Martial appoint any Place which he shall think proper, within the County, City, Town or District to which such , PPoimed* Regiment or Battalion (half belong, and to order any Officers of such Regiment or Battalion to attend and assist as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the time required, and assist accordingly; and in Default of such Attendance shall be liable to be tried by a General Court Martial to be assembled pur-(bant to the Regulations of this Act, for such Disobedience of Orders, and the Officers who shall be Members of such Court Martial shall be entitled to the fame Pay and Allowances as Officers who shall be Members of any General Court Martial, under the Authority of this Act.

CAP. CLXIX.

An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. [tith July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to alter and amend federal Acts pajed in His present Majesty's Reign relating to the Redemption of the National Debt, and for making further Provisions in respect thereof; it was enacted and declared, that for the Purposes of the said Act, an Amount of Public Debt equal to the whole Capital of the Public Debt in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities eliding on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty , fix, should be deemed to be satisfied and discharged, and so much of the Capital Stock so purchased and transferred as therein mentioned, and (landing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament by any Act or Acts of the said Session should or might diced, should be cancelled in like manner as if the feme had been transferred to the said Commtffyqprs for the Redemption of Land Tax, pursuant to the Provisions of the several Acts thereunto relating, in ordet to make Provisioa, for the charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any other manner for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred < and thirteen; and that when and (o (bon as such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased by the said Commissioners, or transferred to them for the Redemption of Land Tax, or the Purchase of Life Annuities, as together with the Amount so already purchased or transferred as aforesaid* should have produced an Interefi or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole animal. Charge in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Great Britain, existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said Commissioners should thereupon certify and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should cause the said Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette, and to be kid before Parliament (if Parliament should be then fitting), but if Parliament should not be then fitting, theii within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, and so from time to time whenever such a<further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased or transferred as aforesaid, as should be equal to the whole Capital, and should have produced an Interefi or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole annual Charge in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities of each Loan contracted since the said Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said Commissioners should from time to time thereupon in like manner certify and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should in like manner cause every such Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament; and whenever any such Certificate and Declaration should have been so made, puhlidied and laid before Parliament as ... aforesaid, the Amount of Public Debts to which such Certificate and Declaration should relate should from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock (banding in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, should be considered to be redeemed by Parffemfinty and (houM from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at such times and in such proportions as should be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose, in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain byjway of Loan or in any other manner j and it was thereby further enacted, that whenever the Amount of the Sum to be raised by way of Loan, or in any other manner, which might create an Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in that or any future Year, should exceed the Smn which on the First Day of February should have been or should be estimated to be applicable in the same Year to the Reduction of the National Debt, then and in every such case an annual Sum, amounting to the One hundredth Part of the Capital Stock created by so much only-of the Monies raided by way of Loan, pr in any other manner as aforesaid, in the Year, as should be equal to the Sum so estimated to be applicable to the ReductioniPf the National Debt within the same Year, should be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Account of the (hid Corariissioners in the manner directed by the ihid^ therein recited Act of thp

Thirty

53 O- S- M5- <i-

- V- .1 J h*.

.- j-3.> hA

>; } Ki.14

§5-

470 C. 169, 1 70,

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Ante, c. 53. Ante, c. 74.

Ante, c. 124.

Four per Cents, nd 51, 271, 4671 Three per Cents Reduced, (landing in Bank Books in Names of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt, cancelled, and dividends to form Produce of Consolidated Fund.

Duties granted in lad and present Session per* marent Increase to Revenue, &c.

Thirty second Year of Hi« present Majesty, and with respect to the Excess of the Monies which might be

so raised in any Year by way of Loan or in any other manner as aforesaid, above the estimated Sum appii-

cable to the Reductkm of the National Debt within the same Year, such an annual Sum as should be equal

to One Half of the Interest of such Excess, should be set apart out Of the Monies computing the Consolidated Fund, and should in like manner be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the said Commissioners:

And Whereas the Sum which on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen was

estimated to be applicable in the present Year to the Reduction of the National Debt amounted to

Eleven millions three.hundred and twenty four thousand seven hundred and tixty Pounds: And Whereas

by Two several Ada passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills; and also, intituled An Act for granting Annuities to discharge

certain Exchequer Bilk; and for raising a Sum of Money by Annuities, for the Service of Great Britain, the

Sum of Eleven Millions one hundred and twenty seven thousand five hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, ' and the Sum of Seven millions and eight thousand and eighty nine Pounds Three Shillings and Six pence in

Money have been subscribed to be funded in the Five Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities: And

Whereas by another Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of 1 Thirty six Millions by way of Annuities, the Sum of Twenty seven Millions was raised for the Service of Great Britain: And Whereas the Charge of the said several Sums will amount to the Sum of Three mil-

Kons six hundred and eighty nine thousand three hundred and fifty one Pounds Ten Shillings and Two pence

One Farthing: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for a Part of such Charge in the manner

directed by the said recited Act; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the* Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of Seven Millions seven hundred ninety six thouiaikl four hundred Pounds, Four Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and the Sum of Fifty one millions two hundred seventy one thousand four hundred and sixty seven Pounds, Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, (landing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, from and after the Tenth D*y of OSoher One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be respectively cancelled, and the Interest or Dividends which would have been payable thereon shall from thenceforth respectively cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund ot Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying in Part the Charge occasioned by the Additions made or to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the present Year.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Monies anting from the Permanent Duties of Customs, Excise and Postage granted by several Acts in the last and present Session of Parliament, shall }>e deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any Increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CLXX.

S4G-3* c.i5i-

S S.

kgcni General may act f« r Militia when embodied i: i same manner as when dist-m-b'died.

Provisions of 54 G. 3. c. 151. extended to Act.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the fame. [i ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for bettor regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia; and for the more effieSually regulating the said Office, and to make further Provisions for the Regulation of the Office of Agent General: A nd Whereas ' it is in the said recited Act enacted, that the Agent General mould be authorized and empowered to apply*for Money for the Militia when disembodied, the Local Militia and Volunteers, or any other Service to which*he should he authorized by the Secretary at War to act as Agent General, and to ifiiie and account so*the fame agreeably to the Provisions in the said Act contained: And Whereas it is expedient that the said ' Agent General should also be empowered to act as Agent General for the Militia when embodied or called out into actual Service, or for any Part thereof, if authorized by the Secretary at War as aforesaid* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Agent General, if authorized as aforesaid, to apply for, receive, disburse and account for all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Regular Militia, or any Part thereof, when embodied or ordered out on actual Service, in the same manner as the Monies required for the Service of the Militia when disembodied have hitherto been applied for, received, disbursed and accounted for.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things whatever in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall extend and be construed to extend to all Sums to be issued to or received by and to all Payments made by such Agent General, on account of the Regular Militia when embodied or called out on actual Service.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 171, 17^. 471

CAP. CLXXI.

An Act to continue, for One Year, certain Acts for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS the several Acts herein after mentioned have by Experience been found nfeful and bene*

4 W ficial, and it is expedient that the fame fhonkl be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Two Acts 37 0.3. c. 7©. made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the One in the Parliament of Great 37 0.3. (1.) Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts^noe(j to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience; which Acts were to continue in force for the Term in the said recited Acts respectively mentioned; and which said recited Acts, by several Acts made in the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland^ have been further continued, and are now it force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and the said Acts are hereby further continued, on and from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, for the Space of One Year and no longer.

CAP. CLXXII.

An Act to provide for the Support of captured Slaves during the Period of Adjudication.

[11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS the Acts now in force for the Abolition of the Slave Trade have not sufficiently pro*

4 Y\ vided for the Support and Maintenance of Slaves during the time when they may be waiting Adjudu

cation as Prize of War, or as forfeited or liable to Forfeiture to His Majesty, or otherwise proceeded against

under and by virtue of any Law: And Whereas it is expedient that further Provisions be made, in order to

insure the necessary Support and Maintenance for such Slaves during the time they may be so waiting Adjudication* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Native or Provisions for Natives of Africa, held and treated as Slaves, or other Person or Persons held or treated as Slaves, within the Subsistence of Provisions of any Act of Parliament passed for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, shall be captured or seized ^iuLratioif as Prize of War, or as forfeited or liable to Forfeiture to His Majesty, or otherwise proceeded against in and to jJe furnished. by virtue of any Law, and brought to Adjudication in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty, or in any Court in His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, or elsewhere within His Majesty's Dominions, which is or may be authorized to hold Jurisdiction in such cases, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons claiming any Right or Property id, or the Possession of such Slaves, and he is hereby required to put such Slaves on Shore 5 and it shall be lawful for the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs in such Port or Place in which such Slaves shall be brought to Adjudication, and he i6 hereby required, to direct Enquiry to be made, whether the Persons or Person claiming any Right or Property in or the Possession of such Slaves, shall have furaished, or shall be willing and able to furnish, sufficient Food and Necessaries for the Support and wholesome Maintenance of the said Slaves during the Proceedings which may have been or may be instituted respecting such Slaves; and such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs shall, as soon as may be, report to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or other Person exercising the Authority of Governor in such Colony or Plantation or Place, the result of such Enquiry; and if it shall appear to the said Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or other Person exercising the Authority of Governor, that sufficient Food and Necessaries for the wholesome Maintenance of such Slaves during the Proceedings so instituted, or to be instituted as aforesaid, have not been furnished; and if the Persons or Person claiming any Right or Property in or to such Slaves shall refuse or afterwards neglect or omit to supply proper Food and Necessaries for the Support and wholesome Maintenance of the said Slaves during such Proceedings, the said Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or other Person exercising the Authority of Governor, in such Colony or Plantation or Place, being satisfied of the Truth of the Report so made to him, shall authorize the said Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs to take on himself the immediate Care and Custody of such Slaves, and to provide proper Food and Necessaries for such Slaves during the Proceedings so instituted or to be instituted in any such Court as aforesaid, until the said Court shall have made its Decree, have f the Force and Effect of a f SU. definitive Sentence, condemning or restoring the said Slaves; and in case the said Court shall by such Decree absolutely restore or condemn such Slaves, the said Court shall, on Application made to him by the said Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs so providing or having provided for the support and Maintenance of such Slaves as aforesaid, direct the Accounts for the Provisions and Necessaries so supplied for the said Slaves, to be brought into the Registry of the Court and examined, and direct the fame, when confirmed, to be a Charge on the said Slaves, to be defrayed by the Person receiving Possession thereof under the Decree of such Court.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case the Court shall not immediately restore or condemn the said Slaves, If Sulfiftwnce by Decree having the Force and Effect of a definitive Sentence, but shall direct further Proof to be made in s^v^eliverecl the Cause, whereby the Restitution or Condemnation shall be deferred, and the Person claiming any Right Up

14 or

'47? C. 172, 173.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

47 0.3* Sc*-

c. 36.

Exception.

EUflitution made for Slaws.

47 O.3. Sefl*. I.

c. 36.1».

' > J

Restitution in Value made with IticeutfV

eedpM as

Bounties.

47 G. 3. Sefl*. i. c. 36. §8.

Exception.

In cases of Appeal, Restitution made when Property rest ored. 1

47 G. 3. Sell 1. c. 36.1 8.

Captors liable to Costs and Damages notwith-ftadding Restitution.

Provisoes of 47 G. 3 Sefl*. X. c. 36. extended

to Att.

Vessels not to fail from any Port without Convoy;

nor wilfully fe-panite from Convoy without JLeave.

or Property in or the Possession of the said Slaves (kail not have ftlpplied, or at any time pending Proceedings in that Court shall refuse or negied to supply proper Food and Necessaries for the said Slaves, it shall be lawful for the Court to direct a Valuation to be made of such Slaves, and to decree such Slaves, after such Valuation had and approved by the Court, to be delivered over to such Officer or Person as may be appointed by His Majesty to receive Slaves condemned to His Majesty's Use, according to the Provisioijs of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade; and the same shall be dealt with and treated in all respects according to the Provisions of the said Act; fare and except that the Bounty shall not be due or payable for such Slaves but in the Event of final Condemnation according to the Provisions of the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if on further Proof the Slaves shall be decreed to be restored, and there be no Appeal, and the said Slaves shall have been delivered over as above directed, Restitution shall be made in the Value of the said Slaves, according to the Valuation as above directed, together with Inteteft thereon, such Sums being deduded therefrom as may have been expended for the Support and Maintenance of the said Slaves by the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs, as before directed, and shall remain unpaid; and the Value so adjusted shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, iirthe; fame maimer as Bounties are now paid for Slaves condemned to His Majesty's Use under the aforesaid Act passed in the Forty feverith Year of His Majesty's Reign, on the Production of the official Copy of the Sentence of Restitution,

1 with the? Valuation endorsed thereon by the Registrar of the said Coart or ms Deputy*

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which there shall have been a Decree, having the Force and Effect of a Definitive Sentence, restoring or condemning the said Slaves, and the same shall be fl&fyended by Appeal, it shall be lawful for the Court, notwithstanding such Appeal, and it is hereby required, to proceed forthwith to direct the Slaves so detained, to be valued as above directed; and after such Valuation baafthd approved by the Court, to be delivered over to such Officer or Person as may be appointed to receive Slates condemned to His Majesty's Use, according to the Provisions of the aforesaid Act, passed in the.Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, as if the fame had been finally condemned to His Majesty; and such Slaves shall be treated and dealt with, in all respects, in the same manner as if they had been finally condemned to His Majesty; save and except that the Bounties shall not be due or payable thereon but in the Event of final Condemnation to His Majesty, according to the Provisions of the said Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which such Slaves shall be finally restored in the Court of Appeal, Restitution in Value shall be made, for the Use of the Claimant or Proprietor thereof, according to the Valuation made as above directed, subject always to Revision in the Court of Appeal, together with Interest thereon, such Sums being deduded therefrom as may have been expended for the Support and Maintenance of the said Slaves by the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs, as above directed; and the Value so adjusted shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, in the same manner as Bounties are directed to be paid for Slaves condemned to His Majesty under the aforesaid Act, passed in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, on the Production of an official Copy of the final Sentence of Restitution, with the Valuation of the said Slaves endorsed thereon by the Registrar of the said Court or his Deputy.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the said Courts, or any of them, having Jurisdiction in the principal Cattfe, from adjudging and decreeing the Captors, Seizors or Prosecutors in any such Cause as aforesaid, to pay out of their own proper Monies, in addition to the Reftitiition in Value directed to be made as aforesaid, such further Sums in the nature of Costs or Damages, as the said Court shall decree j where it shall appear to such Court that the Capture, Seizure or Prosecution, or the Appeal thereon on the behalf of the Captor, Seizor or Prosecutor, shall not by justified by the circucnstances of the case.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of the said Act, passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Disposal of Slaves condemned to His Majesty's Use, and for the Pay meat of Bounty thereon, in cases of Capture by Ships of War or Privateers, shall be applied to all case* of Slaves captured or seized and condemned as Prize of War, during the last War, or that may hereafter be captured, seized or condemned as aforesaid, or otherwise forfeited, or liable to Forfeiture to His M*j*fty» or subject to condemnation, by any Law whatsoever.

CAP. CLXXIII.

An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities

with France. [11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it will add to the Security of Trade to prevent Ships failing without Convoy, except in

certain cases May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects (except as is herein after provided) to fail or depart from any Port or Place whatever, unless Under the Convoy and Protection of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels as shall or may be appointed for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel which shall fail or depart under the Protection of Convoy, shall and is hereby required to use his utmost endeavours to continue with such Convoy during the whole of the Voyage, or during such Part thereof, as such Convoy shall be directed to accompany and prated such Ship or Vessel, and shall not wilfully

separate

473

A.I>.

55° GBQR0JI III.

C. 173.

Separate or depart therefrom upon any Pretence whatever, without Order or Leave for that Purpose from the Officer having the Command of such Convoy.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of any finch Ship or Vessel which by this Act is required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall, contrary to the Directions contained in this Act, fail or depart from any Port or Place whatever (except as herein after is provided) without such Convoy as shall be appointed for that Purpose, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully Separate or depart from such Convoy, without Leave obtained from the Captain or other Officer in, His Majesty's Navy entrusted with the Charge of such Convoy, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived a* the Port or Place of her Dettination, or so far on her Voyage as such Convoy shall be directed to accompany and protect such Ship or Vessel, every such Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and in case the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel shall confitt of Naval or Military Stores, every Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel so loaden with Naval or Military Stores, who shall fail or depart without such Convoy as aforesaid, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy without Leave obtained as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the S, um of One thousand five hundred Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Court out of which the Record for the Trial of any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any such Penalty shall issue, to mitigate or lessen the same as the said Court in their Discretion shall think fit, having regard to the circumstances of the case and the Value of the Ship and Cargo, so as by such Mitigation the Penalty be made not less than Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Ship or Vessel shall fail or depart without Convoy, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy contrary to the srovisions of this Act, every Policy of Insurance, or Contract or Agreement for any Insurance upon fqch $hip or Vessel or upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, laden or to be laden on board thereof, or upon any Property, Freight or other Interest arising out of the fame, whereon Insurances may lawfully be ma^ and which shall be the property of the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel (0 failing without Convoy, or wilfully quitting the fame, or of any Person interested in such Ship or Vessel or Cargo, who shall have $-redled or have been any way privy to or instrumental in causing such Ship or Vessel to fail without Convoy ox wilfully separating therefrom, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, both at Law au4 in Equity, any Contract or Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding y and that nothing shall be recovered thereon by the Assured for Loss or Damage, or for the Premium or Consideration in the nature of a Premium which shall have been given for such Insurance; and if any Party to such Insurance., his, her PJ their E^ecutpr* or Ad-ininistrators, any Broker, Agent or other Person, shall knowingly make o.r effect, or procure to be made or effected, or shall negociate or transact any Settlement upon such Insurance* oj pay or allow in Account, or agree to pay or allow in Account, or otherwise, any Sum or Suips of Money upon any Lqfs, Peril or Contingency, relative to any such Insurance, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, /prfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not he lawful fur any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs in Great Britain or Ireland to permit or suffer any Ship or Vessel* which 13. by this Act required not to fail or depart without Convoy, to be cleared Outwards from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts, until the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of fuph Ship, or Vessel shall have given Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with One sufficient Surety, in the Penalty of the Value of such Ship or Vessel, which Bond shall be taken by the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at such Port or Place, who is hereby authorized and required to take such Security with Condition that such Ship or Vessel shall not fail or depart without Convoy, contrary to the Directions contained in this Act, and shall not afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy without Leave obtained from the Captain or other Officer in His Majesty's Navy, entrusted with the Charge of such Convoy, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at her Port or Place of Dettination, or so far on her Voyage as such Convoy shall be appointed to accompany and protect such Ship or Vessel.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained by which Ships or Vessels are required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ship or Vessel which is not required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, or to any Ship or Vessel for which a Licence shall be granted to fail or depart without Convoy either by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as shall be duly authorized by him or them or any Three or more of them for that Purpose, or to any Ship or Vessel proceeding with due Diligence to join Convoy from the Port or Place at which the same shall be cleared Outwards, in case such Convoy shall be appointed to fail from some other Port nr Place, except nevertheless as to the Bond hereby required to betaken upon the Clearance Outwards of such 3hip or Vessel, or to any Ship or Vessel bound from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom to any other Port or Place within the same.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity or Reward shall be demanded or received for any Licence granted in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act.

VIII. And Whereas it would not be expedient or possible to appoint separate Convoys to fail from each of several contiguous Foreign Ports / Be it further enacted, That it mail and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom for the time being, or any Three or more of them,

55 Geo. III. 3 P whenever

Matters of Vessel acting contrary to Directions of Ad.

[Penalty.]

If C; >rgo r on lifts of Naval of Militsry Store*.

Penalty. Penalty tjiiiit

Insurances void, in certain cases.

[Penalty.]

Bond raken from Matter of Vessels pot to fail or depart without Convoy.

Act not to extend to Vessel* not required to be registered, nor to Vessels licensed by Admiralty, &c.

No fee for Licence.

Admiralty to appoint Potts foe Vessels in to-reign Ports to

assemble.

474 Cvi73.;

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Provtfb.

not to prevent VeflTtb from failing where no Convoy appointed, StQ.

Notice given to Masters at Vessel to have on board such Flags, fcc. as necessary toan-1'wer Signals, 5cc.

whenever they shall judge it expedient for the Benefit and Security of the Trade of Kis Majesty's Subjects, appoint One Foreign Port or Place at which the Ships and Vessels trading from certain other Foreign Ports or Places should assemble for the Purpose of taking Convoy, to cause Notice from time to time to be given in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and also at the Cuttom Houses and Consular Offices of such Ports and Places in Foreign Parte, that one or mbre Convoy or Convoys will fail from the Ports or Places to be named in such Notice for the Protection of the Trade of and from those Parts, and that if any Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Merchant Ship or Vessel cleared out or intending to fail from any Port or Place at which such Notice shall have been so given, shall not proceed with such Ship or Vessel to such Port or Place (b appointed for the Assembly of such Convoy or Convoys, and shall not use his utmost Endeavours to join and take the Benefit of such Convoy, he shall be taken and considered to have failed without Convoy contrary to this Act, and shall be liable to all Penalties and Forfeitures herein provided against Persons so failing without Convoy: Provided also, that if any Ship or Vessel not hereby required to take Convoy shall nevertheless place herself under Convoy of any of His Majesty's Ships, such Ship or Vessel shall thereafter be liable to all the Provisions of this Act.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed t* extend to any Ship or Vessel failing or departing without Convoy from any Foreign Port or Place, nor to subject the Matter thereof or any other Person to any of the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties or Forfeitures hereby prescribed, directed and imposed, in case there shall not be any Convoy appointed for such Ships or Vessels, nor any Person or Persons at such Foreign Port or Place, duly authorized by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being* or any Three or more of them, to appoint Convoys for such Ships or Vessels, or to grant Licences to such Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without Convoy, or in case that such Notice as aforesaid shall not have bee* given of another Port or Place to which the Ships or Vessels failing from such Foreign Port or Place should proceed for the Purpose of taking Convoy.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or such Person as shall be duly authorized by him or them, or any Three or more of them, for that Purpose, to give Notice that all Matters and other Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ships or Vessels which are by this Act required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall have on board their respective Ships or Vessels such Flags, Vane$ or other Materials as shall be necessary for the Purpose of distinguishing such Ships or Vessels, ana of enabling such Matters or other Persons to answer the Signal or Signals made by the Captain or other Officer in His Majesty's Navy ep-tfutted with the Care of such Convoy, such Flags, Vanes or other Materials to be provided by such Matter and other Persons having the Charge and Command of any Ships or Vessels which are required by this Act not to fail without Convoy, which Notice shall be inserted in the London and Dublin Gazettes and transmitted to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Ireland and Scotland, in order to the fame being by them sent to the principal Officers of the Customs at the several Ports, for the Information of the Persons concerned, and that after such Notice no such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared Outwards, until it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Customs that the Ship is provided with such Flags, Vanes or other Materials.

Vesselt in Dan-

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, which by this Act is required not to fail or frotnEnemy, depart without Convoy, shall be in imminent Danger of being boarded or taken Possession of by the Enemy, ^d^n^case of^a^er or ot^er Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship shall make Signals by firing Guns orn hoarded otherwise, to convey Information of his Danger to the Rest of the Convoy as well as to the Ships of War under

J 11ftrubious de- the Protection of which he is failing; and that in case of such Ship being boarded and taken Possession of, he

troyed. shall dellroy all Instructions confided to him relating to the Convoy 5 and every Matter or Person having the

Charge and Command of such Vessel, who shall neglect to make such Signals, or shall wilfully neglect ta make such Sigua.s, or shall wilfully omit to destroy such Instructions as before mentioned, shall, for every fufts Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, with i*efpeft to Ship* or Vessels failing or departing without Convoy, or afterwards deferring or wilfully separating from such Convoy* shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ship or Vessel which shall fail or depart from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or either of them, for or on account of such Sailing or Departure on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or from any other Port qt Place in Europe, on or before the First Day of September Ope thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or from any other Port or Place in the West Indies, or any other Part of America> on^or before the First Day of 0Buber One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, dr from any Port or Place in Africa or Asia, on or before the First Day df &4kftmblr One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.*1»*' '-r'

XIIL Anil be it farther enacted, That One Moiety of alPf^eonfanryPtpaMe* tornttyfai-

aP* pofedt far at the samp relate to Ships or Vessels failing without Cdnrray, or wtffallyVifpaiatu

from fu^h.Convpy, , or not proceeding to join and take the Benefit of Convoy as hereinbefojpe.jnp^ioaeijsyta lufurancea, shall, issued for within the Space of One Year from the time of any such PenaltyFomfure being incurred, be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Gpfti of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the fame within the time aforesaid, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sued for by His Majesty's Attorney General in England or Ireland, or Advocate in Scotland\ in which case the whole thereof (hifl belong to His Majesty, ana which Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may'be Fued so? in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in His Majesty's Court

11 of

penalty.

Not to extend to

Vessela UUirg Irom certain riace» ar Periods herein mentioned.

Penalties how feed for tilled.

475

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 173, 174.

of X^chequer at Edinburgh, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt, Mb Plaint or Information, whether the Offence shall have been committed in any Part of the United Kingdom, c# at Sea, or in Parts beyond the Seas, provided the Person incurring such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be within the Jurisdicton of the Cquyf in which such Action shall be brought at the time of the Commencement hereof, or of Service of Process upon him, and in which Action no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Daw, or more than One Imparlknce, shall be aflo\ved; and in Default of Prosecution within the time hereinbefore limited, no f\rch Penalty qr Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of His Majesty's Attorney General in Euglajid or Ireland, or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective Courts aforesaid, in which Case the whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, liis Heirs and Siicicessors; arrd ffiat all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as dfbrqsaid, belonging j£fi$, Majesty^ his HeiCs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of His Majesty's Custoras Hi England, Ireland and Scotland respectiyCly, for the time being, and shall go to and be decintfid 'and taken as Part of the Coiifolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland rCf^ettiV'ly. sdsdv?;

J^IV. Provided always, an^ bp it further enabled, That in case any such Prosecution shall be commenced Ify any Person or Persons so^thfe Recovery of any such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, it shall and may He lawful fyr His Majesty's Attorney General in England and Ireland, or Advocate in Scotland, in case it flfell appear to their Satisfaction respectively that such Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without any Io-ten; i vi of Frdud, to flop all further Proceedings on every such Prosecution of such Penalty or Forfeiture u> which nny such Person may claim to be entitled, upon such Terms nevertheless as to Costs and otherwise as any inch Attorney General or Advocate shall think reasonable.

XV. And be it enacted, Thkt the Senior Officer of every Convoy to be appointed for the Protestibn of Trade fh.1 t re to be indorsed on a Copy of the Inflruftious and Orders to the respective Masters or other Persons driving thfc Charge or Command of the different Ships and Vessels failing under his Protection, the Days of the Month and Year when Copies of such Instructions and Orders were delivered on Board such respective Ships ana Vessels, and the Names of the Persons respectively to whom the fame were so delivered, and the Names of the Persons delivering the same.

XV}. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions of this Act shall be in force until His Majesty, by and with the Advibe of His Privy Council, shall order the same to be carried into Execution.'"I 1

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against arty Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs and have the like remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other cases to recover Costs by Law.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Ship or Vessel employed in the Newfoundland Fishery, being wholly laden with Fish or other Produce of the said Fishery, or with Articles of the Growth Or Produce of the said Island of Newfoundland, or Coast of Labrador, to fail or depart from any Port or Place within the said Island or on the said Coall (except as herein after is provided) without being accompanied with or being under the Protection of Convoy, or without a Licence having been obtained, authorizing such Ship or Vessel so to fail or depart.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Ship or Vessel to fail or depart from the Port of Saint John's in the said Island of Newfoundland, without being under the Protection of Convoy or without Licence being first obtained for that Purpose, during the time any Admiral or other Person duly authorized by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by the Commimoners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, to grant Licences for permitting Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without being under the Protection of Convoy, mall be stationed or resident at the said Port of Saint John's.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force during the present Hostilities with France.

..'CAP. CLXMV..\ 7-H»

An Act to extend the Exemption granted by Law on Coak and Culm for which the Coast Duties have been duly paid, on bring again exported and carried' to any otbtr Place in this Kmgdo6v'to Cinders or Coked Coals burnt from Pit Coal, which has; paid the, Coast Duties, [i ith Jmlf iSr £»}

WHEREAS Coals or Culm for which the Coast Duties have been duly paid or secured at the Tm*

YY pottation or Landing thereof are by the Laws in force exempt from the Payment of any further.

# Doty upon being again exported and carried to any other Place of this Kingdom; and it is expedient, to extend this Exemption to Cinders, or Coked Coals burnt from Pit Coal, which has paid the Coast Duties /

- Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Con (olid itcS Fund.

Proceedings on Proses utiont for Penalties (topped.- r'*

Instructions Malteis of Vessels indorsed by the Senior QflU'cer of Qtmyoy,

Act not carried into Execution -till ordered.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Vessels employed in Ktfwftiuiid'* land Fishery may J'.til Without Convoy. 1 M

But not to er- 1 tend to Port of Sc. Johu*s.

Continuance of < Act.

C. 174, 175, 176. 5j° GEORGII IH.

A.D. 181 j.

Cinder* or the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Duty of Customs shall be charged or payable upon Coked Cotlcar- any Cinders or Coked Coals brought or carried Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into any IwlbSfWife °lher Port or Place of England or Wales, provided it shall appear by a Certificate under the Hands and Seals

Duty if made^the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port where the said Cinders or Coked Coals were

from Pit Coal taken on board, that the fame and every Part thereof were made of Pit Coal which had been brought Coast-which paid Duty, wife and there landed, and that the Duties of Customs due and payable by Law at the time of the Importation and Landing thereof had been duly paid to the proper Officers of the Customs; but on "Failure to produce such Certificate to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Landing Port as aforesaid, the fakl

Cinders or Coked Coals shall be subject and liable to the Payment of such and the like Duty as they would

have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made.

J; ': CAP. CLXXV. :?; V f?A

An Act to continue until the .First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fixljqen* r Acts of the Fiftieth and Fdrty fifth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the brld^ivg ofiQoals, oj Culm and Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Narrigfction. [-Mth Jidy a7]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His pfefent^hfajt^fty/inltltoled An W to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ekvtn, the Bringing bf

Coal*, Culm and Cinder* to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation, which was continued by TWo

etfMUiufcA 45.G. j. c.u8.

[46 G. 3. c. 104. 47 G. 3. SeflT. 134.

45 G. 3. c. 95. 49 G. 3. c. 98.

5*0: 3. <*.09.

Sx.

45 G. 3. c.itS,

49 Ow 3 «. 98.

Sih (A.) CuaftvyWe..; . continued.

3 M P« J, t.

Tiles may bt made of a certain ConstruQ ion to serve for Draining, Dutyfree.

41G. 3. c. 93.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by"the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be apd the fame is hereby continued from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred Jand ^te^eu.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing, under certain Restrictions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and Jin, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navi-fr< gation, certain Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought along the Grand Jati&fon or Paddington Canals nearer to London than the Stone or Poll thereby required to be erected and nraihtained,

4 on or near to the Towing Path of the said Grand Junction Canal, at or near the North Ehft Point of Grove Park, and contiguous to the Wharf then in the Possession and Occupation of the Earl of Clarendon: And^4 Whereas the Amount of the said Duties was altered by Three Acts of the Forty sixth, Forty fetenth ttod's Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas by Schedule (A1 annexed to an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Cufoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, other Duties are imposed in lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and1 Cinders, under the Conditions, Regulations and Re ft rift ions, of the said first recited Act: And Whereas the said recited Acts were further continued by Two Acts of the Fifty first and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And Whereas it 1*8 expedient that the said Acts should : be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That the said first recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which the said limited Quant'ty Coals, Culm and Cinders may be brought within One Year by the said Grand Junction and Paddington Canals nearer to London than the said Stone or Poll, and the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon and the Appropriation thereof, shall be and the same are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. '-'1"

CAP. CLXXVI.

WHEREAS Tiles bent into the Semi-elliptical Form prescribed by an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, or as nearly into the said Form as may be, made free of Duty, for the Sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy Land, frequently require an horizontal Foundation or support made of Stone, Brick or Tile to prevent the Edges of such Draining Tiles from sinking down into the wet or marshy Land in which they are laid for draining the fame; and it is therefore expedient to allow such Flat Tiles as are herein after mentioned, made for the sole Purpose of ferting for the Foundations or Stmport of such Draining Tiles, to be made free of Duty Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excdlent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Perlohs whatever, to make, for the sole Purpose of serving for the Founda-

and Lengths allowed by the said Act and another Act made in the Forty 1__________

Reign, to be used for the Purpose of Draining wet or marshy Lands, flat Tiles not exceeding One Inch in Thickness, each thereof hating^t one End a femicirCular Projection, and at the <*her a Si«£nrcnlar Arch

or

A.EX 1: 81.5. 55° GEORGII 1IJ. 0, 176, 177. 477

or Mnti such ProjeSian 'and Arch being Portions of Circles of equal Diameters, aid each such Tile being xlfonot left than Niue Inches - in Length and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, such Plat Tiles being jflfo pet^rated with drcul^r Holes, each thereof being not less than Two Inches in Diameter, and the Sum of the Areas of such Holes in each such Flat Tile amounting to not less than a Quarter Part of the Surface or superlicial Content of such Flat Tile, and no such flat Tile being fit or proper for the Purpose of being used in Building, or in the Roof or'Covering of any House, Shed or other Building whatever, without 'bdingchargedfor chaogejible with any DutyTor or in respect of such Flat Tiles; any tluqgin any Ad or Aft.of Parliament oqn^ained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

: J yx y.^«4 \J}ee further 41s to Draining Tiles, 46 £.3.1.138. $3, 4.]

CAP. CLXKVfl.;

An Act for the further Prevention of Fpauds in the Manufacture of .Sweets.

[1 ith July 1815.]

4 J TfLRlEAS, notwithstanding the Laws in force for the 'Prevention thereof, Makers of Sweets for

Sate when they have Occasion to fend or deliver Sweets to their Customers, do from time tt) time

dibw and 'take the fame from their Steeps of Sweets containing greater Quantities than the Quantities so«feat or dcliyvredjytiuJ having so done, do immediately make Quantities of new Sweets equal and answerabieto such Quantities so lent or delivered, and do then put in or mix such new Sweets to and with the remaining fart.

and, Parts of such their Sweets in the Steep, all which being "frequently done and performed without ih^least c Privity or Knowledge of the Officers of Excise, who should make Charges of the Duties for and in resped

of : such new Sweets so made as aforesaid, they the said Officers of Excise for the Want of Discovory aadw.» 1 -«due Notice thereof, neither do or can make such Charges, whereby His Majesty is very much defrauded of

and in hi? Duties upon Sweets; For the Prevention whereof, be it therefore enacted oy The King?s Meft Excellent. Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

ia this prefeqt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of Makers to give 1 Attgmfi One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all and evenr Maker and Makers of Sweets or Made Wipes Notice to Officer foe &le shall before he, she or they shall begin to draw off any Sweets or Made Wine from any Steep, or s^etsdr^vn from any.ydTel or Utensil in which the same shall have been made or manufactured, give to the Officer of toftate

Excise, <u utter whose.Survey Jach Maker or Makers shall then be. Six Hours* Notice in Writing within the Quantity, laitbttopf the Chief Office of Excise in London, and Twelve Hours* Notice in Writing, in other Places in Great Britain, of his, her or their Intention Jo to draw off any Sweets or Made Wine; and of the time when^and the particular Steep, Vessel or Utensil from or out of which such Sweets or Made Wine shall be intended to be drawn off, and the Quantity thereof 5 and such Officer shall, if he shall deem it expedient so to do, attend to fee such Sweets or Made Wine so drawn off; and if such Officer shall attend for that Purpose, all such Sweets or 'Made Wine shall at the time specified in such Notice be, with all due Diligence and Dispatch, drawn off in the Presence of such Officer; and if any such Maker or Makers shall draw off any Sweets or .NegU&ln* Made Wine without; giving such Notice as is in that behalf hereinbefore directed to be given, or shall negted

or refute to draw off with all due Diligence and Dispatch, such Sweets or Made Wine on such Officers Attendance, such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all such Sweets or Made Wine drawn off without such Notice having penalty.

- been given as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be. Makers not deemed or construed to extend to subject any Maker or Makers of Sweets or Made Wines for Sale to the jets to Penalty said lad mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture, for or by reason of his, her or their not specifying in his, her or for not rp«ofy-their Notice of his, her or their Intention to draw of any Sweets or Made Wines the Quantity thereof, in case the Whose of the Sweets or Made Wines at that time contained in the Steep Vessel or Utensil mentioned of°Qutmity con. in such Notice, shall under or by virtue of such Notice, be intended to be drawn off; and such Maker t>r tamed in Vessd Makers shall have specified in such Notice that the whole of such Sweets or Made Wines are so intended drawn eff to be drawn off 5 and if the whole thereof shall be actually drawn off with all due Diligence and Dispatch, the.pressing out of the Remains of such Sweets or Made Wines from the Fruit finished within the Space of Seventy two Hours at the farthest from the time of the Commencement of such drawing off; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of any Kind of Sweets or Made Wines, other Maker* not to than Mead, for Sale, -shall*fell or send out any Liquor made by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from fend °ut Sweeu Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly [han Caik^of^ called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, in any less Quantity than ina whole Calk Gallon*, containing Fifteen 'Gallons, on rain of forfeiting for each and every such Offence the-Sum of Fifty Pounds. Pentlty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of Augtifi One thousand eight hundred Having in Poland fifteen, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who shall nave in his, her or their Custody or Pof- session Sweets session any Liquor made by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or feeding 100 Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever commonly called Sweets, or called or dif-tisguirtied by the Name of Made Wines, exceeding the Quantity of One hundred Gallons, shall be deemed

and taken to be a Maker of Sweets or Made wines, other than Mead, for Sale, 'and shall be subject to the Survey of His Majesty's Officers of Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be filed for, recovered, levied or-mitlgated by such ways, means or methods as any Pain, Penalty or Forfeiture

may be sued for, .levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or

Iafbrtn-

A.&, i8j5>

*3 0.3« c. 77-rerived and continned.

C. 177, 178, 179. 55? O59' Hi.

Information in any of His Majesty's .Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such l'ine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the oth^r Moiety to |unv<or them who will inform, discoYcr or £ue.for the fame. rf..t/(., ' dPo; - r-

c a r. CLxxvm.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Twenty eighth Yea'r of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Fhx*amt Cotton in Great Britain. [t ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame (hoiild be revived and further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for Two Years from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and winch said Act was by several subsequeiit Acts revived and further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred Sxeepltti# and fifteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, except lo much < f either of the said Act9 as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Importation of Brim-ftoneufed and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol.

v A CAP. CLXXIX.

i 1 - to revive, ^'amend and continue, until the Twenty .fifthtioy&t' j

- v^ MWgWt

t*, hundred and twenty one, so much of an Act of the Forty first Y«^r^frKiFpi; itfentl Majesty, A*

' allow* the tTfe of Salt, Duty-free, for curing Fish in Bulk or in Barrel* j.atititD repeal Cettaim. 1 JUtwi relating to the .Allowance of Salt, Duty-free, 4>r^the MtrtkScaj^nd leAaHct E*A

v. ' x* - v. v -->'7 ^uth^y^of

WHEREAS the Law Hereinafter mentioned has} by Experience, " been Fbunfr tRefuVirfA'b^fitla^, aadS*'W it Is expedient that the fame ffioijld be revived and continued; Be It th6r£fore* £n£ftcri pjsk The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confem of the LdidklS^irltukL ajid Tem- petal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of thelfaitfei 'That jo much-Forty first* (a) Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among 6th^hj

wwi of an Act irtadbin the^4

v"*" ingtintft^he Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, the Ofe of^Sah, fj&ty^ee^m? : f k the prfefervirig of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels 5 and for aucobtinuing the Boiriity payable ViT White Herrings A

e .»£. $ 1 — 16.

4 — ip. 3s. revived and continued.

410.3. C. 3.

430.3. c. 29. expbrted, aw relates to allowing the Use of Salt, Duty-free,

was continued by Four Acts of the Forty second, Forty third, Forty fourthrhnrf Fifty fitft'Y^aft'pF A'e fteign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Da'y ot March Dne thouTandeight hundred aief where the fame is altered by this Act), shall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, until Jte Twenty fifth Day of March pile thousand eight hundred and twenty on^. v*' rAV' "v \A: \'s^.

(a) [Thc^Act 41 G. 3. is insertedat the End oflhu Act^\; kV V 7 v v.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that the proportional Credit' of* ^lloWance W presentwl

curtd^and pVelefved Undeif the Authority

'j Vr.'-il .*1 A n

§4

44O.3. c. 35.

§ 4*

51 0.3. c. 81.

4x^3. (G.B.)

14. AllO ucrcaa II to vApcuicui llldl LUv prupurilLMIdl V/[

<*. ftioirid be altered, To far as the {amc relates to Cod, Ling or Hake,

of the said Act by dry-salting in Bulk Be it therefore enacted, Tfiia^, from and after the mfling\

- 1 " w.-J.u. -L'1

NaBotmfy sh .lowed oh Cod, &c. (o cored.

prejfefved and produced as aforesaid: Provided always neverthelessJ|v tfiai nothing heiiin^efdr^ contalned shall extetfd or be deemed or construed to extend to authorize the making'or giving any Credit or 'Allowance for, -cSalt-bfed^in the falthig, caring or preserving any such Cod; Lnjg or H^eVDcyond Ihe Qyintity of $jdt 'nftbafty add Iona side employed and speiit in the curing and ptefiiSring thereof by qry-fairing in Bulk $any .thing hetein before Contained to the contrary in any wise not with {lauding.1 v"; u s' \ '

III. And, to the Intent that no Bounty may be given, granted, allowed or paid for or in Tefpeft of any such Cod, Liqg or Hake, so cured or pfeferved by dry-lalting in Bulk, be it further enacted, jHia^ the Master of 'Tevery Ve&l in or on board of which any such Cod, Ling or Hike, so cured or preserv^d ljy dry-falringip Bulk, shall be imported or brought into any Port In Great Britain, in which the same are intended to be nn» ftipped, landed of put on Bhore, or the Owner or Proprietor of such Cod, Ling or Hake jfhaO, 90 the on-{hippitig of Jan ding thereof, and before the same shall be removed from the Shore, cut off in the Presence and to, the Sstitfaction of the proper Officer of Excise, Part of the Tail of all such Cod, Ling or Hake; and in case any suchs'Cod, Ling or Hake shall he removed from the Shore before the Part of the Tail thereof shall befo cut off in manner aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and the Master of the said Vessel, or the Owner or Proprietor of such Cod, Ling or Hake so removed, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient that an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty tt % 9*Queen Anne, intituled An Act for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made use off of tit

A. inring of Fish taken at North Seas, or at Iceland j and also that so much and such Parts of an Act made in the

Twenty

Pirt of T«ili cut off in Preftnct of Officer 00 laadiof.

Pawky.

1* Am Sat. %

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII IU.

C. 179;

479

Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty*! Reign, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement of the Britishi ay O. 3. c. 65.

Fisheries, as herein after mentioned, should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the pafT- §7> 8.10 — 13* ing of this Act, the said Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne; repelled.

and also so much and such Parts of the said Act made in the said Twenty fifth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the taking from any Salt Works or Salt Pits British Salt for the salting or curing of Fish without paying any Duty for the fame, and the Provisions of the said Act for the Prevention of Frauds relating to such Sait, mall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

[A6l 41 Geo. 3. (G.B.) c. 41.]

WHEREAS in order to procure a large Supply of good and wholesome Fish, if is expedient to allow Salt to 41 G. 3. (G. B.)

be used, Duty free, for a limited time, for the Purpose of curing or preserving Herrings, Pilchards, c-2I*

Alack aret, and all other Kinds or Species of wholesome Fish, either in Bulky or in Barrels Be it there-fore enabled by The Kingss Mof Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, In what Pro-during the Continuance of this Ably it flsal\ be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall catch or takr, or portion Salt purchase and cure or preservetany Herrings, Pilchards, Mackarel, or any other Kind or Species of wholesome ^11^ free^r* F]shy or who shall ft out any Vessel for such Purfcfe, or to take andflip on board his or their Vessel, from cu< his or their own Stock of Salt, or from the Stock of Salt of any other Fish Curery of whom such Person or Persons shall purchase, or with whom he or they shall contraQ for Salty any Quantity of Salty Duly free y that shall le deemed necessary for curing or preserving the Fish which may be expebled to be taken or purchased, in the Trip or Voyage in or upon which he or they shall immediately intend to dispatch or employ his or their Vessel: Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall be allowed to Ship or have on board any Vessel, at any timey any greater or larger Quantity of Salty than in the Proportion of Ten Bushels for every Ton Burthen, by Admedfurement of the VJfel in or on board of which such Salt shall be taken orshipped: Provided Before Salt ra-alfoy that before any Person or Persons whatever shall receive into his or their Cvjlody or Possession, or take or ceived» Duty-Hip on board tmy Vefle! or V'ff'h, any Quality of Salt, frt'of Duty, far >^Purpo/r of or preserving rish, such Person or Persons shall make Lntry tn Writing at the next Office of Excise, of his or their Gf Name of Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and of the Number and Situation of every Warehouse, which Party, Sec. and hf or they shall intend to make use of for the keeping or floring of Salty and shall also give Bond or Security (a) Bond given for to he approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by duly accounting them for that Purpose, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, that he or they will duly account (j) with the proper ^or ^c'

Officer or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Abty for all the Salt which he or they shall at any time take, shipy receive or have on board his or their Vessel or Vessels, for the Purpose of falling, curing or preserving of Fishy and that such Salty and every Part thereof \ shall be fairly and bona fide employed, ffent and consumedy in faltingy curing or preserving of Fish as aforesaid, or shall be returned into the Ware-hiufe entered for the keeping or Jloring of Sak9 Duty free, from whence the fame was taken; and that no Part of such Salty so taken, shipped, received or had on beard any such Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, shall be fraudulently sold or disposed of contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act* (a) £See 51 G. 3.

j.82. $ 7.]

II. And be it further enacted, Th it all and every Persons or Person intending to ship any such Salt for Persons intend-the Purjsofe aforesaid, shall give to the proper OJfccr of Excise of the Port or Place from whence such Salt ing toffiipSdr, shall be taken and shipped, a Notice in Writing Specifying his or their Name or Names, the Name of the to give Notice' ' idsd to be shippedy the

Vessel on board which the Salt is intenda

Name of the Master thereof, the Burthen or Top* offer?»in ndge cf such Vessel, the Place to which- such Vessel is boundy the particular Sorts or Species of Fish exbeded licujkfg> to he taken or purchased and curedy and the exalt and true Quantity and Species of Salt intended to be shipped

Lr but on board such Vessel.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any known and entered Fish Curer or Fish Curers, To whom Fish to deliver any Part of his Stock of Salty Duty-free, into the CuJ/ody or Possession of any Person or Persons wise Cureri ma)r shall have made Entry and given Bond or Security, in pursuance of and according to the Directions of this Act, for taking, or purchasing and curing or preserving Fish: Provided always, that such Salt shall be delivered i)Uty free3^under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations and Rcjlridions provided andprescribed by an Act peffed Salt delivered in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties under to the Commissioners of Excise, and for other Purposes. 38 G. 3. c. 89.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Salt shall have been shipped or taken on board When Sak, shipt, any Vessel for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the proper Officer of Excise Officer to p ----- 1 — 41r "^-v r L 0 19*'r- -A 1 - - 1'> .give Cettiljuie.

Jr JJ S r rjjn mu* vj j.TJ.uucr utircvjy irjc JL UHUUgc ur xj ur irrr^t uj JULU r eycty t/jc

and Species of Salt taken, had or received on board fuels Vessel, and the Name or Names\of the Person or Persons from whose Stock of Salt the fame was taken and shipped, the Place from wise rice taken and shipped* the time when shipped, and the Place to which the Vessel on board which the same shall be so flipped is bounty t rr?

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Master of any Unflnjiping Vffid on board which any Salt shall be so taken or shipped as aforesaid, shall unship or unladex or cause or pro7 cuied Fish ex cure to be unshipped or unladen, or wilfully or knowingly permit or fuffier to be urshipped or unladen, any Part of iePl at a l any Cargo of Jalted or cured Fish, except at some lawful Quay within the Kingdom of Great Britain, he, Jhe or\ they, shall forfeit for'wiry such Offience> the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Peiu

lawful

480 C.I79*

5' GEORGII HL

A.IX 1815,

Within 14 PY. And be it further enacted, That within Twenty four Hour s after any such Vessel onboard of which any

Horn after Ar- Salt shall have been taken or shipped as aforesaid, stall arrive at the Port of which the Cargo of such Vesselis

vl\r 1 n. 7 _ I f 7 7* 7 m r _ 7! T _ ft_ _^A. .L TP IT*. 1 ft. _ /I _ _ 7? __ j' 1_ - 7 j / ./> /r

w* j - rf Herrings, the Quantity, according to the exalt and true Number of

which Salt fh»H Crans of Thirty four Gallons each, English Wine Measure, of freft Herrings, which were taken or received on have been taken, board his Vessel; if Pilchards or Mackarcl, the exalt and true Number of Barrels, eonjifiing of Fifty Gallons Matter tomakt ea£j) Qj Measure, which were taken or received on board fresh; and if any other Kind or Species of Fish,

ci'e Officer Vho exalt and true Number of Barrels of Two hundred Pounds Weight each, or the exalt and true Weight of such shall £0 un* Fish; and also the exalt and true Quantity cf Salt actually employed and spent in curing and preserving such Fijk

board and exa- respectively, and likewise the true Quantity of Salt which shall be then remaining, in or on board his Vessel, un-

mine, and grant used; and thereupon the proper Officer of Excise shall go on board and in/peB and examine all such Fiji and Salt,

Per million for anj ff, all grant Permission, in Writing under his Hand, for unloading and landing all such Fish, which, if required

h" req'Iirel" in Af fuc^ Officer, shall be unladen (and if in Bulk, measured or weighed) by such Master, in the Presence of the

h'*s Presence! proper Officer of Excise; and if any such Master shall neglect or refuse to make such Entry as aforesaid, or make

Matter neglect- any false Entry, or shall refuse to unlade the salted Fish of which his Cargo shall conjijl, and to measure or weigh ing, Sec. to make such Part thereof as shall be imported in Bulk, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, he shall forfeit, for Penal/*0* every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

eu ry*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate which shall have been received by any such Master for or

rtM?ed' hi*refV& m refPe& of any fuc^ Salt as aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper Officer of Excise by whom the Cargo of the ot Suit, pro*: need PeJJ« on hoard which the Salt, for or in ref pell of which such Certificate as aforesaid shall have been granted, shall to Excite Officer be tnfpeBcd, examined and taken account of; and if such Officer shall be futisjied that the Salt specified in such by whom Cargo Entry to have been used, shall have been fairly and bona tide spent and canfumed in preferring or curing the Imported, who salted Fish of which the Cargo shall conjijl, according to the Directions of this Act, then and in such case such iifdlli fe thereon Qff*cer ft all indorse on such Certificate the true Quantity of Fish cured or preserved and landed out of such Quantity of Fish Vessel, and the exalt Quality of Salt remaining on board; which Certificate, being produced to and left sixth cured a nd landed, the proper Officer of Excise of the Port or Place at which or from whence the Salt to which such Certificate may and Quantity of have Reference shall have been ftipped or taken on board such Vessel, such last mentioned Officer shall give Credit ^alt'ftr or write off from the Account of the Person or Persons who shall stand charged in the Books or Accounts of

Port fromVhich Hxcise with such Salt, so much Salt as shall appear by the Indorsememt of the proper Officer of Excise on Salt taken, shall such Certificate to have been actually used, spent and consumed, in curing and preserving Fish, according to the give Credit for true Intent and Meaning of this All, and shall permit and allow all the Salt remaining unused in or on board such such Salt as shall Vessel, to be returned into the Warehouse from whence the fame was taken, and shall write off or give Credit for appear to have Quantity of Salt actually so returned, or shall permit the same to be taken out, by and at the Option of the

Master or Owner of the Vessel, for curing or preserving Fish on his next subsequent Trip or Voyage, either with or without any additional Qitantity of Salt (not exceeding in the whole the Proportion hereinbefore mentioned), as he or they shall deem necessary; and every such Officer of Excise shall, upon such subsequent Trip or Voyage, and upon such Notice as is hereinbefore required, give to the Master of such Vessel, such and the like Certificate as is by this AB before dire Bed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further cnaBcd, That immediately upon the Delivery to the proper Officer* Oath rf Entries, Qj Excise of any such Entry as is hereinbefore direBcd, the Master of the Vessel making or giving the same shall am. t .at 1 ey Oath before the proper Officer of Excise (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer) to the Truth of such Entry, and every Part thereof, and that he has not taken or received on board his Vessel, or included in his Entry, any Fish whatever, save and except such Fish only as hath been fairly and bona tide salted, cured and preserved, on board the Vessel of which he is the Masser, nor any Fift which he has any reason to know or believe have been imported on board any other Vessel whatever; that he has not direct, or indirectly fold, embezzled or fraudulently disposed of, or concealed, or conveyed away, or suffered any other Person or Persons to fell, embezzle, dispose of, or conceal or convey away, any Part of the Salt taken, ftipped or laden on board his Vessel, for salting, curing or preserving Fift.

Excite Offi ers

IX. And be it further criaBed, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise, at all times, to go and re-may goon hoard, ma\n on board any such Vessel as aforesaid, and to inspeB, examine and take Account of all Salt, and saltedMunt of j^it and ^ft* an^ ot^}er Articles or Commodities whatsoever, in or on board such Vessel.

filled Fifl) And be it further cnaBcd, That if the Quantity of salted or cured Fift actually unladed or delivered from

IfFiih unladed on board any such Vessel as aforesaid in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, shall fall shori of the shou i-^ih Fart Quantity specified in such Entry as aforesaid, in the Proportion of One Part in Five of the whole Quantity of Quantity en specified in fuel) Entry, that then and in such case such Entry shall be deemed and taken to be a Jalfe and

[Penalty.]

Credit or A1-

been used, and permit remainder to be ware-housed, &c. Certificate,

Matters to make

have not included any Fish but what have been fanly cured on board, & c.

untrue Entry, and the Master making the same stall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Credit or Allowance for Salt used in the salting, curing or preserving lo« a nee for Salt Fift, under the Directions or Authority of this AB, shall, at any time or in any case, be made or given used in curing beyond the Quantity of Salt actually and bona fide employed and spent in the salting, curing and preserving the Fish, for which such Credit or Allowance stall be claimed; nor stall any such Credit or Allowance exceed the following Proportions; that is to say, for every Cran confiding of Thirty four Gallons, English Wine Measure, of Herrings, actually salted, cured, preserved and produced to the proper Officer of Excise in a goody wholefme and merchantable State, Sixty Jive Pounds Weight of Salt; for every Barrel of Fifty Gallons, of the like Measure, of Pilchards or Mackarel, so faltedy cured, preserved and produced as aforesaid. Ninety jive Pounds Weight of Salt; for every One hundred Weight of all other Fift, Jo failed, cured, preserved and produced as aforesaid, Twenty two Pounds Weight of Salt; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise not wit hjlanding. [See 55 (7.3. c. 179. $ 2.J

A // And

Fish not to exceed Quantities specified.

A. Eh i*8i$.

55° GEORGII . III.

C. 179. 481

XII. And be it further enacted, That no further or other Credit or Allowance for Salt shall he made, given No further Al-vr granted, for or in respzft of any Fish for which the Credit or Allowance of Salt, by this Act given or lownnce granted. granted, shall he claimed, set off or allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall he given, granted, allowed or paid for or in respect of any Ftfh whatever, failed, cured or preserved, under the Authority, Directions or Prov'Jions of this Act, under Ad

other than and except such Herrings as shall be cured and legally packed as Red Herrings. except Red

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Vessel in or on board of which any salted Fish Herrings. taken and cured under the Authority and Direction of this Act, shall be imported or brought into the Port of Masters of Vef-London, shall make the Entry and Oath hereinbefore directed, with and before the proper Officer of Excise at*e, s importing Grave fend? and shall then and there take out and unlade into proper Boats or Lighters, all his Cargo of salted

Fifty, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, in the manner, according to the Directions, and subject to to mjjke E°ntry the Penalty in case of Neglect, Refusal or false Entry9 which is hereinbefore directed, in respect of VJfels arriving and Oath with with and unlading salted Fish at any lawful Quay in Great Britain. Excise Officer at

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall clandestinely or fraudulently Gravesend, and

conceal, embezzle, fell, dispose of or carry or convey away, any Salt that shall be taken or shipped on board oin

any Vessel for the fading, curing or preserving of Fifty, under the Powers and Authorities by this Act given or ^ls pr*efence. granted, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and all Concealing,

Salt so concealed, embezzled, fold, disposed of or carried or conveyed away, together with the Package contain- Salt shipt for ing the fame, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or curing Fish.

' rt«*1" r Salt foriaitad.

n XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to take, purchase and Herrings in salt and preserve Herrings in Bulk, either for the Purpose of curing the same as Red Herrings, or for immediate 3ulk cured a* Exportation to Ireland; and such Person shall be allowed such and the like Quantity of Salt for every Cran Red Herrings,

(consisting of Thirty four Gallons of such Herrings) as is allowed for curing and preserving Herrings in Bulk or for Exporta-for Home Consumption; provided the Master of such Vesselshall comply with and conform to the several Rules, |Yk^Qu a nt it " oV Regulations and Restrictions by this Act directed; and provided also, that the Maser of every V % Jfel intending ^jt aljowej as to export. Herrings in Bulk to IrelanCi, shall make a like Entry and Oath, with the Officer of Excise, at the Port for Herrings in near eft to which the Herrings on board his Vessel, shall have been taken, as is required by this Act to be made Buik for Home for or in respect of Vessels arriving with salted Fifty to be landed at any Port in Great Britain, and shall permit Consumption. # and allow the proper Officer of Excise, to inspect, examine and take Account of all such Herrings accordingly.

w Excise Officers may take Account of Pilchards cured and packed in Custody of entered Fifty Curer, and ats Expiration of a Month give him a Debenture of Number of Barrels. — Before such Account taken, Owner,

Open being required, shall deliver Declaration of Number of Barrels of Pilchards in his Custody, and whether* any'Debenture hat been made out, or Bounty allowed. Penalty. §17. On Productton of Debenture to Col- leSdVofExcise, he shall pay fame Bounty as on Pilchards exported. §lS. Officer shall brand Barrels of

an Account shall have been taken, fig. Altering, &c. Marks on Barrels, &c. Penalty, f20.

" Before 'any Bounty paid on Pilchards, Owner to make Oath that no Bounty has been paid, and that they are u merchantable PJbL. f2l. Such Pilchards may be sold for Home Consumption, or for Exportation, but only in f

a original Barrels, unless sold by Retail, in less Quantity than a Barret, f 22. No other Bounty than that '*

u gitien by Act paid for such PHchards exported. $ 23. \_Sections 17 — 23. are expired.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Bond or Security given or taken for Salt to be used or employed in Bond or Certi-curing or preserving Fifty, nor any Certificate made out in relation to any such Salt, shall be subject to any Stamp 1, 01 subject Duties; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 10 StamP ^ut>\

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity or Reward, shall he taken or received by any No Fee taken by Officer or Officers of the Revenue, for or on Pretence of preparing or making out any Bond, Certificate or Revenue Offi- Permtffion requiredly this Act, or for or under any other Account or Pretence whatever, on Pain of forfeiting

the Sum of Five Pounds. en I*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, forge or alter, or cause Forging, &c. to he counterfeited, forged or altered, any Certificate in any case in which a Certificate is by this Act required Certifie*let»* to be used, given or granted, or shallforge, counterfeit or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any Indorsement or any fiufh Certificate, every such Person so offending shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Petfonf who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a Perjury. false Oath in any of the cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be liable to the Paine

And Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall refifi, oppose, molejl, Obstruction hinder or obfiruft, any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the due Execution of this Act, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every fuels Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. ^ena

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners or Consignees of any Cargoes unladen such Cargo of Fj/b, salted or cured under the Provisions of this Act, or the Master of any such Vessel ladert "Owners Stall with any such Fish as aforesaid, under this Act, to discharge and unlade, and cause to be discharged ana unladen; jexM^aTto Ex*

' all such Fish as aforesaid, by such Persons, and in such Mannpf, and at such Times and Places (except at cife offic is provided by this Act with ref pc ft to the Officers of Excisef* as such Owners, or Consignees, or Masters, respectively, shall judge proper; and rfo Person or Persons employed by any such Owner, Cohfignee or Master, irt unloading any such Fish, or discharging any such Vessel, shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or

subject to any Restriction in respect thereof; and no Port or other Fees or Dues shall be payable or paid in Port Fees.

refheft of the unloading of any such Fish or discharging of any such Vessel; any Act or Acts, Law, Custom or tffage to the contrary notwithstanding. v

55 Geo. III. 3 Q " Persons

> Officers).

482

C. 179 — 183. 55° GEORGII III. A; D, 1815.

u Persons employed in taking or curing Fish or preparing to depart on Voyage, or returning therefrom not*- pressed till October 15. 1801, upon Certificate from Officers of Customs. §30. EXP. Bounty granted by 44 38 G. 3. c. 89. §3. on White Herrings dtfconhnued until October 15. 1801, §31. [Revived and continued* 42 G. 3.' c. 3. §1. continued, 43 G. 3. c. 39. $ 4. — 44 G. 3. c. 35. $ 4. «©«/ expired.J

Penalties, &c.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That -all Finest Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be

how recovered, /*or> recovered, levied or mitigated* by such ways, means or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture

may be fuedfor, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or Xy Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety*of any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, bit Heirs and Succejfnrs, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform, discover or sue for the fame. J

CAP. CLXXX.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. [11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act for granting during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk .1 Manufactures of Great Britain, should be revived and continued 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's

Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and /vived and con- Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall tiuued.»be revived, and the fame is hereby revived from the Expiration thereof, and continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

49 G. 3. c. 98.

Duty of 251. per Cent, of present Duties paid on Seeds imported.

Duty levied as other Custom Duties.

Money paid into Exchequer and applied in same manner as Permanent Duties. 49 G. 3. c. 98. §46.

CAP. CLXXXI.

An Act for charging an additional Duty on certain Seeds imported. [11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional Duty should be imposed on all Seeds imported into Great Britain, except Rape, Cole, Hemp and Flax Seed, and Linseed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Seeds imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas

iexcept Rape, Cole, Hemp and Flax Seed, and Linseed), an additional Duty of Customs of Twenty five 'ounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the present Duties of Customs due and payable thereon.

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Customs hereby imposed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of the like nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duty, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in thq same manner as the Duties called Permanent Duties, imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, are directed to be appropriated and applied.

CAP. CLXXXII.

flee 55 G.3. An Act to authorize the Directors General of Inland Navigation in Ireland to proceed in carrying c 101. on and completing the Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon, [11th July815.]

CAP. CLXXXIII.

An Act to repeal the Bounties payable in Ireland on the Exportation of certain Calicoes and Cottons.

[11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

A3 for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks Sch. (E.) 4 and Bounties; and by the Schedule marked (E.) to the said Act annexed, certain Bounties and Allowances

were made payable on the Exportation from Ireland of all printed, painted, stained, stamped or dyed

Calico or Cotton, or Cotton mixed with Linen, of the Breadth of Twenty five Inches or more, as in die

said Act and the said Schedule thereto annexed is mentioned, specified and contained; and it is expedient

that the said Bounties and Allowances should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twelfth

15 Day

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 183, 184. 483.

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all the Bounties and Allowances in'and. by the said recited Act and the said Schedule marked (E.) thereto annexed, specified, and thereby granted, allowed and, made payable, upon the Exportation from Ireland of any printed, painted, itained, stamped or dyed Calico.or Cotton, or Cotton mixed with Linen as aforesaid, shall cease ai)d determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and shall no longer be paid or payable; any thing in the said recited Act, or the said in P"* Schedule thereto annexed, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary in any wise not withstanding.

CAP. CLXXXIV.

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed - Instruments, and the Duties on Fire Insurances, and on Legacies and Successions to Personal

Estate upon Tnteftacies, now payable in Great Britain: and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. [i lth July 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to grant certain additional Stamp Duties towards raising the necessary

Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be equal to the increased annual Charge, occasioned by the Funding of Exchequer Bills, and by any Loan made pursuant to any Act or Acts passed or to be passed for that Purpose, m

this Session of Parliament 5 and it is also expedient to consolidate the additional with the existing Duties 5* We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the several Duties herein after mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Duties granted by the Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on. Legacies and Succtssions to Personal Estate upon Inteftacies, now payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Quties in lieu thereof; and also the Duties on Licences for unng and exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, granted by the Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new additional Duties in lieu thereof; and also the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, on Policies of Insurance of Property in the West Indies. or elsewhere beyond the Seas, from Loss by Fire; shall cease and determine from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundrea and fifteen 5 and that the yearly Per Centage Duty on Insurances from Loss by Fire granted by the said Act, passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall cease and determine from and after the Twenty eighth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; , save and except such of the said respective Duties, or so much and such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as shall have become due or payable before or upon those Days, and remain in arrear or unpaid afterwards; and also save and except so much and such Part or Parts as shall remain to be paid of any Duties in respect of Legacies given by way of Annuity, or so that the Value thereof cannot be ascertained at once where Part of such Duties shall have been paid, or have become payable before or upon the said Thirty first Day of August; all which Duties or Parts of Duties so in arrear or remaining to be paid as aforesaid, shall be recoverable by the fame ways and means, and with such and the same Penalties, and in such and the same manner, in all respects, as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in and throughout the Whole of Great Britain, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Matters and Things, mentioned and described in the Schedule Hereunto annexed (except those standing under the Head of Exemptions} or for or in respect of the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which such Instruments, Matters and Things or any of them shall be written or printed, the several Duties or Sums of Money set down in Figures against the lame respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth in the fame Schedule; and that the yearly Per Centage Duty on Insurances from Loss by Fire therein mentioned, shall commence and take place from and after the Twenty eighth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that all the other Duties therein mentioned, shall commence and take place from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the said Schedule, and all the Provisions, Regulations and Directions therein contained, with respect to the said Duties, and the Instruments, Matters and Things charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act, and shall be read and construed as if the fame had been inserted herein at this Place, and shall be applied, observed and put in Execution accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted, shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed and authorized by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain; which said Commissioners (who shall be called The Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain") and the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide proper and sufficient Stamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the several Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof in the case of Per Centage Duties (except those on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estate, and the yearly Duties on Fire Insurances) upon the Vellum, Parchment or Papet chargeable therewith, and for expressing and denoting the Rate per Cent. of the Legacy

3 Q a Dutkt

Duties granted by 48 G.3.

c. 149-

44 G. 3.e.9t

Sch. (A.)

o G. 3. c. 35.

2. 3

44 G. 3. c. 98. Sch; (B.) made to ceale. Exceptions.

Duties specUied in Schedule annexed levied.

Duties when to qommence.

Schedule deemed Part of Act.

Duties under Management of

£om m i (Tinners of Stamps, who are to provide Sumps, tec.

484 C. 184.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

OM Sumps used to denote Du* ties; and Two or more Stamps to denote one Duty, till single Stamp provided.

Sumps bearing Name of any other Instrument, not used.

Paper, fee stamped with former Duties used for Instru-menrs charged with JDuiief of lame Amount.

Except Sumps bearing Name of Instrument.

Stamped Paper, fee. rendered useless by Act, exchanged or additional Scampa

Forging, fee. Stamps, fee.

Death*

Power*, fee. of former Acts extended to Act

Duties upon the Receipts and Discharges to be given for Legacies and Shares of Personal Estate, and for otherwise denoting or testifying the Payment of any Duty or Duties hereby granted, where necessary; and to alter and renew such Stamps or Dies from time to time as Occasion shall require; and also to employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all such other Acts and Things as shall be deemed necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or any former Commissioners are or have been authorized to do for the raising and collecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to use any of the Stamps or Dies heretofore provided to denote any former Stamp Duties, for the Purpose of expressing and denoting any of the Duties hereby granted of the fame Amount, and also to use Two or more Stamps or Dies for denoting the Amount of any One Duty hereby granted, as Occasion may require, until a single Stamp or Die shall be provided for that Purpose; and that all Instruments which shall be stamped with Two or more Stamps, for denoting the Amount of any single Duty charged or chargeable thereon, shall be as valid as if the fame had been stamped with a single Stamp for denoting such Duty; but no Stamp appropriated to denote the Duty charged on any particular Instrument, and bearing the Name of such Instrument on the Face thereof, shall be used for* denoting any other Duty of the fame Amount, or if so used, the same shall be of no Avail.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to iflite for the supply of the Country, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, which shall have been stamped for denoting any Duties hereby repealed, to be used for any of the Instruments hereby charged with Duties of the fame Amount, and also, if deemed expedient, to cause any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be stamped with any additional Stamp or Stamps, in order to make up the Amount of the increased Duty hereby charged on any of the In-ftfuments for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, shall have been originally intended, and thereupon to issue the same to be used for such Instruments, or for any other Instruments charged with the fame Amount of Duty 5 and it shall also be lawful for any Persons having in their Possessions any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with any of the Duties repealed by this Act, or by the aforesaid Act of the Forty fourth or Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and not already made use of, to use the fame for any of the Instrument9 hereby charged with Duties of the fame Amount: Provided always, that no Vellum, Parchment or Paper, bearing a Stamp appropriated by Name to any particular Instrument, shall be used for any other Purpose, or if so used, the same shall be of no Avail*

VI. And be it further enacted, That k shall be lawful for all Persons having in their Possession any Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not made use of, and which by the Operation of this Act shall have been' rendered unfit for the Instruments for which the fame was originally designed, to fend the same to the Head Office of Stamps, at any time within Twelve Calendar Months from the said Thirty first Day of August, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be cancelled, and to deliver out in lieu thereof other Stamps of the same Kind and Description, as near as may be, and of equal Value on the Whole with the Stamps so returned; or otherwise at their Discretion to cause any additional Stamp or Stamps to be impressed on any such VcHum, Parchment or Paper, to make up the full Amount of the Duty hereby charged on the Instruments for which the fame was designed, on Payment of the Duty or Duties denoted by such additional Stamp or Stamps.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be

forged or counterfeited* any Stamp or Die, or any Part of any Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, made or used, in pursuance of this Act, or in pursuance of any former Act or A 6b, relating to any Stamp Duty or Duties, or shall forge, counterfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or re* sembled, the Impression or any Part of the Impression of any such Stamp or Die as aforesaid, upon any Vellum, : Parchment or Paper, or shall (lamp or mark, or cause or procure to be stamped or marked, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with any such forged or counterfeited Stamp or Die, or Part of any Stamp or Die as aforesaid, wkh Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties hereby granted, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall utter or fell of expose to Sale any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having thereupon the-Impression of any such forged or counterfeited Stamp or Die, or Part of any Stamp or Die, or any such forged, counterfeited or resembled Impression or Part of Impression as aforesaid, knowing the fame respectively to be forged, counterfeited or resembled; or if any Person shall privately and secretly use any Stamp or Die which shall have been so provided, made or uled as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties or any Part thereof 5 or if any Person shall fraudulently cut, tear or get off, or cause or procure to be cut, torn or got off, the Impression of any Stamp or Die which shall have been provided, made or used in pursuance of this or any former Act, for expressing or denoting any Duty or Duties under the Care and-Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Part of such Duty or Duties, from any Vellum, Parchment or Paper whatsoever, with Intent to use the fame for or upon any other Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Instrument or Writing charged or chargeable with any of the Duties hereby granted; then and in every such case every Person so offending, and every Person knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting- or assisting any Person or Persons in committing any such Offence as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy. 52 G.3. £*143* $70-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That aft the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Dsnalties, contained in and imposed by the several Act of Parliament relating to the Duties hereby repealed, and the several Act of Parliament relating to any prior Duties of the fame

10 Kind

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 184. 485

Kind or Description, shall be of full force and effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted, and to the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, Instruments, Matters and Things, charged or chargeable therewith, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by, and shall be confident with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions and Regulations of former Acts relating to Agree- Provisions of

ments, shall be applied only to such Agreements as are hereby charged with a Duty of One Pound; and that fanner A£U, rathe Agreements hereby charged with a Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings shall be subject and liable to Agree-

the fame Provisions and Regulations as Deeds hereby charged with a like Duty. OTr'^o^hose'1

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Instruments for or upon charged with*], which any Stamp or Stamps shall have been used of an improper Denomination or Rate of Duty, but of

equal or greater Value in the whole with or than the Stamp or Stamps which ought regularly to have been having wrong uled thereon, shall nevertheless be deemed valid and effectual in the Law; except in cases where the Stamp or Stamp*, but of Stamps used on such Instruments shall have been specially appropriated to any other Instrument, by having sufficient Value, its Name on the Face thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, sign or issue, or cause to be

made, signed or issued, or shall accept or pay, or cause or permit to be accepted or paid, any Bill of Bills of E»-C Exchange, Draft or Order, or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, liable to any of the Duties change,c. noc imposed by this Act, without the fame being duly damped for denoting the Duty hereby charged thereon, duly stamped. he, she or they shall, for every such Bill, Draft, Order or Note, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penaky.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make and issue, or cause to be made Post dating Bills and issued, any Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order, or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, at any of Exchange, &c. time after Date or Sight, which shall bear Date subsequent to the Day on which it shall be issued, so that it

shall not in fast become payable in Two Months, if made payable after Date, or in Sixty Days, if made payable after Sight, next after the Day od which it shall be issued, unless the same shall be stamped for denoting the Duty hereby imposed on a Bill of Exchange and Promissory Note for the Payment of Money at any time exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, he, she or they shall, for every such Bill, Draft, Order or Note, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XIII. And, for the more effectually preventing of Frauds and Evasions of the Duties hereby granted on Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, under Colour of the Exemption in favour of Drafts or Orders upon Bankers or Persons acting as Bankers, contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed,

be it further enacted, That if.any Person or Persons shall, after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand J*ru, ng.UjT'eight hundred and fifteen, make and issue, or cause to be made and issued, any Bill, Draft or Order, for the on^Tnkeirsf* Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, upon any Banker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons without specify-acting as a Banker or Bankers, which shall be dated on any Day subsequent to the Day on which it shall be ing Place where issued, or which shall not truly specify and express the Place where it shall be issued, or which shall not in or every respect fall within the said Exemption, unless the same shall be duly stamped as a Bill of Exchange dated* according to this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Bill, Draft or Order, forfeit Penalty, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly receive or take any such Receiving,*. Bill, Draft or Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein mentioned, he, she or they shall, Pyaftt* for every such Bill, Draft or Order, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Banker or Bankers, or Bankers paying any Person or Persons acting as a Banker, upon whom any such-Bill, Draft or Order, shall be drawn, fhafli them, pay, or cause or permit to be paid, the Sum of Money therein expressed, or any Part thereof, knowing the same to be post dated, or knowing that the Place where it was issued is not truly specified and set forth therein, or knowing that the fame does not in any other respect fall within the said Exemption, then the Banker or Bankers, or Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Bill, Draft or Order, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and moreover shall not be allowed the Money so paid or any Part thereof, Penalty, in Account a^ainst the Person or Persons, by or for whom such Bill* Draft or Order, shall be drawn, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or his, her or their Assignees or Creditors in case of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or any other Person or Persons claiming under him, her or them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight Promissory hundred and fifteen, it shall be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, who shall have Notes to Bearer made and issued any Promissory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money °"

not exceeding One hundred Pounds each, duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, to re-issue re-HTued^by^Si-the fame from time to time, after Payment thereof, as often as he, she or they, shall think fit, without befog ginal Makers, liable to pay any further Duty in respect thereof; and that all Promissory Notes, so to be re-issued as aforesaid, without further shall be good and valid, and as available in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as they were upon the first Duty, issuing thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand, of Such Notes not any Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds, which shall have been made and issued by any to further Banker or other Persons in Partnership, and for which the proper Stamp Duty shall have been once paid i^d {»y°certafn according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed liable to the Payment of any further Duty, although person/not the same shall be re-issued by and as the Note of fonje only of the Persons who originally made and issued the ftnctly the ori-fame, or by and as the Note of any One or more of the Persons who originally made and issued the fame, and &ujai Makers, any otjier Person or Persons in Partnership with him or them jointly; nor although such Note if made payable

at

A96

Notes re-issuable under 48 G. 3. c 149. or 5ZG$. c.io&. to continue re-ifluafale till End of Three Years from Date.

In what case Bankers iflfuing Promissory Notes.

[Penalty.]

Notes with printed Dates, prior to Artg. 31. 1813, re-ifliuble

till Aug. 31. 1816.

48 G^3. c. 149.

Iflfuing Notes with printed Dates for first time.

[Penalty.]

Iflbing Notes in future with printed Dates.

[Penalty.]

Notes re-issuable for limited Period cancelled on Payment afterwards; and Notes not re-issuable, cancelled immediately on Payment. Re-issuing Notes, &c.

Not cancelling Notes, Stc.

Penalty. Re-issuing con-

Taking Notes, &c. re-issued contrary to A*.

penalty.

Notes and Bills of Bank of England exempt from Stamp Duty.

48 G. 3. c. 149. i IS made to cease.

C. 184. 55° GEORGII , III. A.D. 1815.

at any other than the Place where drawn, shall be re-issued with any Alteration therein only of the House or i Place at which the same shall have been at first made payable.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes for the Payment to, the Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money, which shall have been actually and bona Jide issued and in Circulation, before or upon the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, duly stamped according to the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and which shall then be re-issuable within the Intent and Meaning of that Act, or of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for altering, explaining and amending the said former Act, with regard to the Duties on re-issuable Promissory Notes, shall continue to be re-issuable until the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof respectively, but not afterwar4&, without Payment of any further Duty for the fame; and if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall at any time after the said Thirty first Day of Augtjl, issue or cause to be issued for the first time, any Promissory Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, bearing Date before or upon that Day, he, she or they, shall, for every such Promissory Note, forfeit the Sum ot Fifty Pounds.

XVII. Provided always, and, in regard that certain Bankers in Scotland have issued Promissory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand, of a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, with the Dates thereof printed therein, and many such Notes have been but recently issued for the First time, although they may appear by the Date to be of more than Three Years' standing, be it further enacted, That all such Promissory Notes as last mentioned, which shall have been actually and bona fide issued and in Circulation before or upon the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen duly stamped according to the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and which shall bear a printed Date prior to the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall continue to be re-issuable until the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, but not afterwards, without Payment of any further Duty for the fame; and if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall at any time after the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, issue or cause to be issued, for the First time, any such Promissory Note, bearing a printed Date prior to the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, he or they shall for every Promissory Note To issued, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall not be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, to issue any Promissory Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, liable to any of the Duties imposed by this Act, with the Date printed therein 5 and if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall issue or cause to be issued any such Promissory Note with the Date printed therein, he or they shall, for every Promissory Note To issued, forfeit the Sum ot Fifty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes hereby allowed to continue re-issuable for a limited Period, but not afterwards, shall upon the Payment thereof at any time after the Expiration of such Period, and all Promissory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for Money, not hereby allowed to be re-issued, shall, upon any Payment thereof, be deemed and taken respectively to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated and satisfied, and shall be no longer negotiable or available in any manner whatsoever, but shall be forthwith cancelled by the Person or Persons paying the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall re-issue or cause or permit to be re-issued, any Promissory Note hereby allowed to be re-issued for a limited Period as aforesaid, at any time after the Expiration of the Term or Period allowed for that Purpose 5 or if any Person or Persons shall re-issue or cause or permit to be re-issued any Promissory Note, Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order for Money, not hereby allowed to be re-issued at any time after the Payment thereof; or if any Person or Persons paying or causing to be paid any such Note, Bill, Draft or Order as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to cancel the lame, according to the Directions of this Act, then and in either of those cases, the Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Note, Bill, Draft or Order as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and in calc of any such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, being re-issued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons re-issuing the fame, or causing or permitting the same to be re-issued, shall also be answerable and accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for a further Duty in respect of every such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, of such and the fame Amount as would have been chargeable thereon, in case, the fame had been then issued for the first time, and so from time to time as often as the same shall be so re-issued; which further Duty shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly, as a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors 5 and if any Person or Persons shall receive or take any such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein expressed, knowing the same to be re-issued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, he, she or they shall, for every such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes and Bank Post Bills, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from and after the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nfteen, shall be freed and exempted from all the Duties hereby granted; and that it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to re-issue any of their Notes after Payment thereof, as often as they shall think fit,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Composition payable by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Stamp Duties on their Promissory Notes and Bank Post Bills, under the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall cease from the Fifth Day of April last; and that the said Governor and Company shall deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamps, within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, and afterwards on the First Day of May in every Year whilst the

present

A.D. 1815V 5^ GEORGII III. C. 1'84. 4.87

present Stamp Duties shall remain in Force, a just and true Account, verified by the Oath of their Chief Ac-Account of countant, of the Amount or Value of all their Promissory Notes and Bank Poll Bills in Circulation, on some Notes, &c. given Day in every Week, for the Space of Three Years preceding the Sixth Day of April in the Year in which the Account shall be delivered, together with the average Amount or Value thereof according to such Account; and that the said Governor and Company shall pay into the Hands of the Receiver Bank of England General of the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, as a Composition for the Duties which would other wise have to pay Compofi-been payable for their Promissory Notes and Bank Post Bills issued within the Year, reckoning from the Fifth Day of April preceding the Delivery of the said Account, the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds jJotes.*for every Million, and after that Rate for Half a Million, but not for a less Sum than Half a Million, of the said average Amount or Value of their said Notes and Bank Post Bills in Circulation; and that One Half Part of the Sum so to be ascertained as aforesaid for each Year's Composition, shall be paid on the First Day of October, and the other Half on the First Day of April next after the Delivery of such Account as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the said Governor and Company resuming Composition

their Payments in Cash, a new Arrangement for the Composition for the Stamp Duties, payable on their Pro- made, when miffory Notes and Bank Post Bills, shall be submitted to Parliament. B*nk resume

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirty first Day of Attguft One thousand eight Ca, h p*yments* hundred and fifteen, it shall be lawful fcr the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, and the Royal Banl^of Bank of Scotland, and the British Linen Company in Scotland respectively, to issue their Promissory Notes for Scotland^nd the Sums of One Pound, One Guinea, Two Pounds and Two Guineas, payable to the Bearer on Demand, on Brkiih Linen undamped Paper, in the same manner as they were authorized to do by the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Company, may Year of His Majesty's Reign; they the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland\ and the Royal Tmall Notes Bank of Scotland, and British Linen Company, respectively giving such Security, and keeping and producing p*

true Accounts of all the Notes so to be issued by them respectively, and accounting for and paying the several ing'^Duties." Duties payable in respect of such Notes, in such and the same manner, in all respects, as is and are prescribed 48 G. 3. c. X49/ and required by the said last mentioned Act, with regard to the Notes thereby allowed to be issued by them on §16. undamped Paper, and also to re-issue such Promissory Notes respectively, from time to time after the Payment thereof, as often as they shall think fit.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight Re-issuable hundred and fifteen, it shall not be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons (except the Note* not issued Governor and Company of the Bank of England), to issue any Promissory Noses for Money payable to the ty Banker* or Bearer on Demand, hereby charged with a Duty and allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, without taking out

a Licence yearly for that Purpose; which Licence shall be granted by Two or more of the said Commissioners Rpg^tions re-

of Stamps for the time being, or by some Person authorized in that behalf by the said Commissioners, or the spedting Li-

major Part of them, on Payment of the Duty charged thereon in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and a fepa- cences.

rate and distinct Licence shall be taken out, for or in respect of every Town or Place where any such Pro-

miflory Notes shall be issued by, or by any Agent or Agents for or on account of, any Banker or Bankers or

other Person or Persons; and every such Licence shall specify the proper Name or Names and Place oi^Places of Abode of the Person or Persons, or the proper Name and Description of any Body Corporate, to whom

the fame shall be granted, and also the Name of the Town or Place where, and the Name of the Bank, as well

as the Partnership, or other Name, Style or Firm under which such Notes are to be issueJ 5 and where any such Licence shall be granted to Persons in Partnership, the same shall specify and set forth the Names and 1

Places of Abode of all the Persons concerned in the Partnership, whether all their Names shall appear on the

Promissory Notes to be issued by them, or not 5 and in Default thereof such Licence shall be absolutely void 5

and every such Licence which shall be granted between the Tenth Day of October and the Eleventh Day of

November in any Year, shall be dated on the Eleventh Day of 0Sober; and every such Licence, which shall be granted at any other time, shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted 5 and every such

Licence respectively shall have Effect and coutinue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the Tenth

Day of 0Sober following, both inclusive.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Banker or Bankers, Person or Persons, shall No Banker to be obliged to take out more than Four Licences in all for any Number of Towns or Places in Scotland; and in^°ut case any Banker or Bankers, Person or Persons shall issue such Promissory Notes as aforesaid, by themselves lce^"e|

or their Agents, at more than Four different Towns or Places in Scotland, then after taking out Three distinct Number of^Licences for Three of such Towns or Places, such Banker or Bankers, Person or Persons shall be entitled to Towns iu Scot-have all the rest of such Towns or Places included in a Fourth Licence.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Banker or Bankers, Person or Persons iu what case applying for a Licence under this Act, would under the said Act of the Forty eighth (a) Year of His several Towus Majesty's Reign have been entitled to have Two or more Towns or Places in England, included in One Included in on* Licence, if this Act had not been made, such Banker or Bankers, Person or Persons, shall have and be en-

titled to the like Privilege under this Act. (a) [48 G. 3. c. 149. $17.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons applying On applying for

for any such Licence as aforesaid, shall produce and leave with the proper Officer, a Specimen of the PromiU licences Speci-

fory Notes proposed to be issued by him or them, to the Intent that the Licence may be framed accordingly;

and if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons (except the said Governor and Company of the uruing Note*

Bank of England) shall issue or cause to be issued by any Agent, any Promissory Note for Money payable without Licence.

to the Bearer on Demand, hereby charged with a Duty, and allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, without being

licensed so to do in the manner aforesaid, or at any other Town or Place, or under any other Name, Style or

Firm,

488 C. 184.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Licences to continue in force notwithstanding Alteration in Partnerships. Promissory Notes made out cf G. B. not negotiable unless stamped.

Circulating, &c. such Notes, Sec.

Penalty. Proviso for Ireland.

Conveyances of Property contracted to be sold before April 1 a. 1808, exempted from ad valorem Duty.

Firm, than shall be specified in his or their Licence, the Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted to any Persons in Partnership, the same shall continue in force for the issuing of Promissory Notes duly stamped, under the Name, Style or Firm therein specified, until the Tenth Day of 0Sober inclusive following the Date thereof, notwithstanding any Alteration in the Partnership.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Promissory' Notes for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, made out of Great Britain* or purporting to be made out of Great Britain, or purporting to be made by or on the behalf of any Person or Persons resident out of Great Britain, shall not be negotiable or be negotiated, or circulated or paid in Great Britain, whether the same shall be made payable in Great Britain, or not, unless the same shall have paid such Duty, and be stamped in such manner, as the Law requires for Promissory Notes of the like Tenor and Value made in Great Britain; and if any Person or Persons shall circulate or negotiate, or offer in Payment, or shall receive or take in Payment any such Promissory Note, or shall demand or receive Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Money mentioned in such Promissory Note, from or on account of the Drawer thereof, in Great Britain, the fame not being duly stamped as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons in Great Britain shall pay or cause to be paid the Sum of Money expressed in any such Note, not being duly stamped as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, either as Drawer thereof, or in pilrfuance of any Nomination or Appointment for that Purpose therein contained, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Promissory Note, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that this Clause shall not extend to Promissory Notes made and payable only in Ireland.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Conveyances to be made after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, of Lands or other Property contracted to be sold prior to the Twelfth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, which, under the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, would have been exempted from the ad valorem Duty thereby granted, shall be exempted from the ad valorem Duty imposed by this Act, and shall be charged with the ordinary Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings in lieu thereof, together with the Progfeflive Duty of One Pound Five Shillings, if any progressive Duty shall be chargeable thereon, under and subject nevertheless to the Conditions and Regulations prescribed by the said last mentioned Act.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Releases and other Conveyances of Annuities or Rent Charges made in the original Grant thereof, subject to be redeemed or repurchased, shall, oq the Rc-

ad valorem Duty Pure^a^ thereof, be exempted from the ad valorem Duty hereby imposed on Conveyances on the Sale of any on Repurihafc/ Property, and shall be charged only with the ordinary Duty on Deeds or Instruments of the like Kind, not upon a Sale.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Per Coi/are Duty on Insurances against Loss by Fire granted by this Act, shall be collected and received of and from the Persons whose Property shall be insured, for the Use of*His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Public Companies or other Person or Persons licensed or who ought to be licensed by the said Commissioners of Stamps, pursuant to the Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall be in-fared against Loft by Fire, and by the Royal Exchange and London Assurance Corporations respectively, at the time of their making, renewing or continuing of, or receiving the Premium for the Insurances in respect of which the Duty shall be payable, and for the whole Term or Period for which the Insurances shall be made, renewed or continued; and such Duty shall be accounted for and paid over, in the manner directed by this and the said last mentioned Act; and the Royal Exchange and London Assurance Corporations shall be subject to all the Provisions and Regulations of this and the said last mentioned Act, in the same manner as any other Public Companies, except only as to the taking out of a Licence from the said Commissioners of Stamps.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, /That every Quarterly Account to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or their Officers, by the Corporations or Companies, or others insuring against Fire, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, mail contain a true and faithful Account of all the Policies and Insurances which shall havfe been itiued and made or renewed or continued by them, whether for a Year or for more Years than one, or for any Period exceeding or falling short of a Year, from the first to the last Day of the Quarter (both inclusive) for which such Account shall be rendered; together with the Numbers and Dates-of the Policies, the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons whose Property shall be insured, the Sum or Amount of the Sums insured by each Policy, the time for which each Insurance shall be made or renewed or continued, and the Duty which shall have been received for the fame; and there shall be annexed to and delivered with every such Quarterly Account, an Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers, made by the Secretary, or if no Secretary, by the Chief Clerk of the Corporation or Company, by whom it shall be delivered, flaring that he has examined and checked the fame with the Books of such Corporation or Company, and that to the best of his Knowledge, Information and Belief, it does contain a true and faithful Account of the several Matters and Things required by this Act, and also of any Allowances or Returns of Duty, in respect of time unexpired on Policies surrendered, which may be therein

22 0.3. c. 48. stated to have been made pursuant to the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign 5 and Accoui.t not de- for any Default in the Delivery of such Account, with such Affidavit or Affirmation thereto annexed as livered. Sec. aforesaid, the Corporation or Company, or Person or Persons making such Default, shall forfeit the Sum of Penalty. Five hundred Pounds.

Releases, &c. of Annuities, Sec.

Duty on Fire Insurances collected by Com* panics undertaking fame.

22 G. 3. c. 48.

Quarterly Accounts reodered by Insurance Companies, containing certain Particulars.

Affidavit.

55° GEORGII IH. C. 1S4. 489

XXXIV. And be it further entded, That any Public Companies who shall use aay other Quarter Days

thaa those mentioned in the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, as tke Period of (the Commencement or Termination of their Insurances, shall be at Liberty to make up their Quarterly Accounts to the Quarter Days used by them, and to deliver the same to the said Commissioners of Stamps Or their Officers, within Two Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Quarter for which they shall be made up.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Companies and Persons having Offices or carrying on the Budness of Fire Insurance at a greater Distance than Five Miles from London or Westminster, (half, if required by the said Commissioners of Stamps, transmit their Quarterly Accounts, with such Affidavits or Affirmations as aforesaid thereto annexed, immediately to the said Commissioners at their Head Office, and pay the Amount of the Duties due on such Quarterly Accounts, immediately to the Receiver General of the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners; and in default thereof, shall be subject to the same Penalties as they would have been under the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for not delivering their Accounts and paying the Monies due thereon, conformably to the Provisions of that Ad.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance shall be made to the Corporations or Companies, and others collecting and receiving the said Duties hereby imposed on Insurances against Loss by Fire, and accounting for and paying over the same as required by this and the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign 5 that is to say, to those having their Head Office in London or Westminster, an Allowance at and after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Duties collected and received at such Head Office, and at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Duties collected by their Agents out of London and Westminster; and to those not having their Head Office in London or West-fmhjlery an Allowance at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Duties collected by them; provided they shall deliver their Quarterly Accounts containing all the requisite Particulars, and make Payment of the said Duties, within the time prescribed by this or the said last mentioned Act.

XXXVII. And, for better securing the Duties on Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration, be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, if any Person shall take Possession of, and in any manner administer, any Part of the Personal Estate and Effects of any Person deceased, without obtaining Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, within Six Calendar Months after his or her Decease, or within Two Calendar Months after the Termination of any Suit or Dispute respecting the Will or the Right to Letters of Administration, if there shall be any such, which shall not be ended within Four Calendar Months after the Death of the Deceased; every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also a further Sum, at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Stamp Duty payable on the Probate of the Will dr Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, no Ecclesiastical Court or Person (h$dl grant Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects of any Person deceased, without first requiring and receiving from the Person or Persons applying for the Probate or Letters of Administration, or from some other competent Person or Persons an Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers, that the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, for or in respect of which the Probate or Letters of Administration is or are to be granted, exclusive of what the Deceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially, but including the Leasehold Estates for Years of the Deceased, whether absolute or determinable on Lives, if any, and without deduding any thing on account of the Debts due and owing from, the Deceased, are under the Value of a certain Sum to be therein specified, to the best of the Deponents' or Affirmant* Knowledge, Information and Belief, in order that the proper and full Stamp Duty may be paid on such Probate or.Letters of Administration 5 which Affidavit or Affirmation shall be made before the Surrogate or other Person who shall administer the usual Oath for the due Administration of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit or Affirmation, shall be exempt from Stamp Duty, and shall be transmitted to the said Commissioners of Stamps, togethen with the Copy of the Will, of Extract or Account of the Letters of Administration to which it shall relate, by the Registrar or other Officer of the Court, whose Duty it shall be to transmit Copies of Wills, and Extrads or Accounts of Letters of Administration, to the said Commissioners, for the better Collection of the Duties on Legacies and Successions t6 Personal Estate upon Inteftacy; and if any Registrar or other Officer whose Duty it shall be, shall neglect to transmit such Affidavit or Affirmation to the said Commissioners of Stamps, as heseby directed, every Perfoft ib.offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, where any Person, on applying for the Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration, shall have estimated the Estate and Effects of thfc Deceased to be of greater Value than the same shall have afterwards proved to be, and shall in consequence have paid too high a Stamp Duty thereon, if such Person shall produce the Probate or Letters of Administration to the said Commissioners of Stamps, within Six Calendar Months after the true Value of the Estate and Effects shall have been ascertained, and it shall be discovered that too high a Duty was first paid on the Probate or Letters of Administration, and shall deliver to them a particular Inventory and Account, and Valui ation of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, verified by an Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation in the cafo of Quakers; and if it should thereupon satisfactorily appear to the said commissioners, that a greater Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate or Letters of Administration than the Law required, it shall be lawful for the 55-Gjco. III. 3 R to*

Insurance Companies may make up Accounts to their own Quarter Days.

Country Infur? ance Companies to transmit Accounts immediately to Commissionera oft Sum pa if required.

22 G. 3. c. 48.

Allowance to (nl'urance Companies for colie fling Duties. 22 G. 3. c. 48.

Prorifo.

Not proving Willi or taking Letters of Administration, within a give* Time

Penalties.

Ecclesiastical Courts not to grant Probate* or Letters of Administration, -without Affidavit of Value of Effects.

Affidavit before whom made.

8 Jch Affidavits free of Sump Duty, and trans* mitted to Commissioners of Stamps.

Registrar neglecting. Penalty.

Proviso in eafis too high a Stamp Duty paid on Probates, lif.

1490 , £81189.

W* OBQrRQW I«.

Proviso in case too little Stamp

P*9l*M?* A9* ti

[Proviso.]

A.

; i

n -i

V i\\k '; i y f '

t r;

' ... i i

Administr?for to five pro^f Security before

t.

r. »..P

r.: i:

- i J'jU ti; l* -S., r. n; <*'i

C 1/1*("L (."» ' t» vr, .»

Executors! Jfec. n x paying full Duty on Fro- -

k«f&, &Vih (

fhriT)i tfrueafM DUtfvfry <jf too' ikile^ii irlt.

FensUicf.

Ecclesiastical Courts not to take surrenders of Probates, A c. on cJftiKrdonVy Sf wrxang Ditly paid. n

AW Gpaiinil&o* the Stamp Op the Probate pr Lfttm of V>4>*9 subj

ftilute another Stamp for dpnotipg the Duty which ought to We been paid thereon, and to make an ^lloW-^fcceforth^ Difference b^w^u them, a? ip tb.r cases of spoiled Stumps, or, if th# Difference be conlkterable. to jr^f^ the samein Mooeyr at the Discretioi> of the said CommifDoncrK. -i-. v 3

t. XJkL And b^.it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, where any Perse^orr af-plyiqg for the Probate of a Will or Letters of A dmini ft ration, shall have estimated the Estate and Effects df she; Deceased to be of lefr Value t^an the Came shall have afterwards proved to be, and (Ball in coofequ^nce i»yr paid, too little Stamp Duty thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Commissionera of Stamps, on Delively to therp of an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation of the Value of the Estate and Effrfts of the Deceased, to cau^e the Probate pr Letters of Administration to be duly stamped, on Payment of the full Duty which ought to have be*n eriginally paid thereon in respect of such Value, and of the further Sum or Penalty payable by Law for stamping Deeds after the Execution thereof, without any Dedtiftion or Allowance of the Stamp Duty originally paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration: Provided always, that if the Application Atau be -made. within Six Calendar Months after the true Value of the Estate and Effects shall be ascertained^apd it shall be discovered that too little Duty was at first paid on the Probate or Letters of Administration, and If it shaft appear by Affidavit or solemn Affirmation, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Duty jwat paid in consequence of any Mistake or Misapprehenfton, or of its not being kqown at the time that some particular Part of the Estate and Effects belonged to the Deceased, and without any Intention of Fraud or to <fr)ay the Payment of the full and proper Duty, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners tp fe^Ctfie before mentioned Penalty, and to cauie the Probate or Letters of Administration to be duly stamped, " 6(^&y-mept paly of the Sum which shall be wanting to make up the Duty which ought to have been at firft1 paid thereon. , ^/ J'V'jj Va"

n .XLM. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cases of Letters of AdministratioAWhich too little Stamp Duty shall have been paid at first, the said Gommtfiioners of Stamps shall not caiife fthe fame to be duly stamped in the manner aforesaid, until the Admujuft^ator shall have given such Security to the Ecclesiastical Court or Ordinary by whom the Letters of Administratiou shall, have been granted, a^ blight by Law to have been given on the granting thereof, in case the fujl Value of the Estate and Effects 6f tfe Deceased had beet^ then ascertained, and aUo that the said Compruflii ner$ of Stamps shall yearly or oftenef trunfmijt an Account of the Probates and Letters of Administration., upon which the Stamps shall have beeli rectified in pursuance of this Act, to the several Ecclesiastical Courts by which the fame shall'havfr beeij granted,; together with the Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, upon Which such R^&ifieatio* (hpU have proceeded. , ' j

XLUL And be it further enacted, That where too little Duty shall have been paid|on iny ftplSffiiir Letters of Administration, in consequence of any Mistake or Misapprehension, or of its not being kridwrt jit; the time that some particular Part of the Estate and Effects. belonged to the DeceaLd, if any ExecrutorTor Adu'imftnitatr acting under such Probate or Letters of Administration shall not, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or, after, the pifeovery of the Mistake or Misapprehenfipn, or of any Estate br Effect noLluiovvn at Jthetime to hawe belonged xo the Deceased, apply to the said Commissioners* of Stamps, ana , pay what shall be wanting tp make up the Duty which ought to have been paid at first on such Probath or, Letters of Administration, neor (he shall forfeit the' Sum: of One hundred Pounds, and also a further Stm^ at and after the Rft^e of .Teu Pounds p$r Ccptvm on the Amount of the Sunt Wanting to (nake up the ptemer Duty-..1

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Mhirttfia from the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Court or Person to call m afidVevoke, or to accept the Surrender of any Probate or Letters of Administration, on the Ground only or fob high oir too low'a .Stamp Dujty paying been paid thereon, as heretofore hath been practised 5 and if airy EcClefi^ical Court or Pe rfon shall so do, the Cpinmissioners of Stamps shall not make any Allowance whatever^fbt the Scamp Duty on the probate or Letters of Administration which shall be so annulled.:

XLV> And Wh« reas it ha$ happened in the case of Letters of Administration oil which*D^uty^hath, not been p^id at first, that certain Debts, Chattels realtor other Effects, due or btloogrng ffb tht

J mm m. Im..- P-._ A. L. mm. mm f — A, \ T.I - a -.4. -A. A. \. J - _*ft___1a. 4^- t. _^ ml 1^ _LT 1 Ji* flP*.

occU)!: again, and it may also happen !m^y, before obtaining Probate of the Will or Letters Deceased, fiti^ some considerable Part or Parts of the JI

of Administration of Abe JLftatfcr: knd 'Eflects bfthe Estate and Effects of she Deceased so tnrctiniftabced as

CommUffonert of Stamp* may five Credit for Duty on I'ro-fcatet, <te io cer-Uin cases.

the said Co*mpi(sioners of Stamps, on satisfactory Proof of the Fasts by Affidavit or (qlem)i AftirAyatk)D, in any speh case as aforesaid which may appear to them t^o require Relief, to cause the Probate or Letters of Administration to be duly stamped, for denoting the Duty payable err Which ought originally to HaVe beeii paid^ thereon, and to give Credit for the Duty, either upon Payment of the before mentioned rerialty, 1 of without, in cases of Probates or Letters of Administration already Obtained^ and upon Which too IktlS Duty (h^lihattf been paid, and either with or without Allowance of the Stamp Duty already paid thtiVon, as tht case may require, under the Provisions of this Act; provided in all such cases oi Credit that Security be first giv£nf>y the Executory or Administrators, together With Two or ulofe sufficient Sureties to be fqpjpt^vedbf by the said " 'Comnfife'

iia. e?n»$. q(9t

ComtfiffioneTs/by t' Bony tH fi?i Majesty, his Heirs or SucdefloW, in Dotibfe^ttit?Aftfrftfcrftf the DutyJ^ftk'

the due and full payment of the Sum for which Credit shall be given, within Six Calendar Month*, or (wfy

tess Period, and of the Ift^eft for the fame, at the Rate of Ten Pounds 0rr Centum per Annum, from the

Expiration of such Period until Payment thereof, in case of any Default of Payment at the time appointed!

and fuphProbate or tetters 6'f Administration beiner duly stamped in the manner aforesaid, shall be as validand m«*> "

available as if the proper Duty had been at first paid thereon, and the fame had been stamped hdcofrdingly. d { »'f;' h 07

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at the Expiration Of the time 'to be allowed CcMtfoiffi^erg] for the Payment of the Duty on such Probate or Letters of Administration, it shall appear to the Satisfacttofi m»y>*itrtirf'C, re-of the said Commissioners, that the Executor or Administrator to whom such Credit shall be given as' afor^thkl, 4111 netefa*rT* shall not have recovered Effects of the Deceased to an Amount sufficient for the Payment of the Duty, it (halt be lawful for the said Commissioners to give such further time for the Payment thereof, and upon such Tfcffrfi and Conditions as they shall think expedient. j*"'; b

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Probate or Letters of Administration (b to Probates, 8cr. be stamped on Credit as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the said Commissioners of Stamps, and shall no( stamped on c refee delivered up to the Executor or Administrator until Payment of the Duty, together with stich Inteiteft as aforesaid, if any shall become due; but the same shall nevertheless be produced in Evidence by fbmte Oulcer of the Commissioners of Stamps, at the Expence of the Executor or Administrator, as Octafion ftfsH require. '

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty for which Credit shall be given as aforesaid, (HaH Duty for which be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from the Personal Estate of the Deceased, and shall bt paid in preference to and before any other Debt whatsoever due from the same Estate; and if any Executor or Qrow^° Administrator of the Estate of the Deceased shall pay any other Debt in preference thereto, he or she (hill not oujv be charged with and be liable to pay the Duty out of his or her own Estate, but shall also forfeit the Sum l^eua of Five hundred Pounds.*.

XLIX, A"d be it further enacted, That if before Payment of the Duty for which Credit shall be giYed Rr<mifei*, in any Tufti case as aforesaid, it shall become necessary to take out Letters of Administration de bonze non df Letturg/aS H

the Deceased, ij shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Letters of Administration dl loiiif non, to be duly stamped with the particular Stamp provided to be used on Letters of Administration bf f8fce« out before that Kind, for denoting the Payment of the Duty in respect of the Effects of the Deceased, on some prid^ Payment of Probate or Letters of Administration of the fame Effects, in such and the same manner as if the Duty had Duty for whick been actually paid, upon having the Letters of Administration de bonis non deposited with the said GomrtifV Credit give*, (loners, and upon having such further Security for the Payment of the Duty, as they shall think expedient $ and such Letters of Administration shall be as valid and available as ifthe Duty for which Credit shall be given '*1*' 1

bad been paid, 1

L. And be it further enacted, in regard to probate of Wills and Letters of Administration, Thit wher£ D*reff*on* com£ any Part of the Personal Estate which the Deceased was possessed of or entitled to, shall be alleged to havfe:

been Tjruft Property, if the Person or Persons who shall be required to make any Affidavit or Affirmation rtfidW

relating thereto, conformably to the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's out of Englmi, ' R.eign, shall reside out of England, such Affidavit or Affirmation shall and may be made before any Person relating to Trust duly commissioned to take Ailidavits by the Court of Session or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or before Property#

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Scotland, or before a Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Exfra^ ordinary in Ireland, or before any Judge or Civil Magistrate of any other Country or Place where the Party or Parties shall happen to reside; and every such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be as effectual as if the same had been made before a Master in Chancery in England, pursuant to the Direction of the said last mentioned, Act-

JLL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where it shall be proved by Oath or proper Voucher* Return of Duty to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamps, that an Executor or Administrator had paid Debts on Prohstei,c. due and owipg from the Deceased, and payable by Law out of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate, to such an Amount as being deducted from the Amount or Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, for or claimed in Threk in respect of which a Probate or Letters of Administration, or a Compensation of a Testament, Testamentary- Yew*. or Dative, shall l^aye been granted after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or which shall be included in any Inventory exhibited and recorded in a Commissary Court in Scotland as the Law requires, after that Day, shall reduce the same to a Sum, which, if it had been the whole grofa Amount or Vglqe^of fuel! Estate and Eficfts, would have occasioned a less Stamp Duty to be paid on such Probate or Letters of Adipipillration, or Confirmation or Inventory, than shall have been actually paid thereon under and by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to return the Difference, provided the same shall be claimed within Three Years after the Date of such Probate or Letters of Administration or Confirmation or the recording of such Confirmation as aforesaid; but where by reason of any Proceeding at Law or in Equity, the Debts due from the Deceased shall not have been ascertained and paid, or the Effecta of the Deceased shall not have been recovered and made available, and in consequence thereof the Executor or Administrator shall be prevented from claiming such Return of Duty as aforesaid, within the said Term of Three Years, it shall be lawful for the Commissionera of the Treasury to allow such further time for making.

the Claim, as. may appear to to be reasonable under the circumstances of the case.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Affidavits and solemn Affirmations in the case of Quakers, ' Affidavits rela-required by this or any former or future Act of Parliament, or which shall be required by the said Commissioners of Stamps, to be, madp for the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, of and concerning any Fasts or> pres^Provision1" CircuunJUnces upon which they are to execute the Powers vested in them by this or any other Act, or foi* before

3 R 2 the Covnmilliooirt,

49* Q.8S4; sfcR GEORGII III. AJfciflij.

the Verification of any Account of or concerning the Duties under their Management, or for any other Purpose relating to such Duties, shall, in all cases not otherwise expressly provided for, be made before the said Commissioners or any One or more of them, or before a Matter in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary in England, or before any Person duly commissioned to take Affidavits by the Court of Session or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Scotland.

Perjury.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons before whom any Affidavit or

solemn Affirmation is or shall be required or directed to be made by this or any former or future Act of Parliament relating to any Stamp Duties, shall be and they are hereby authorized to take the fame and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose; and if any Person making any such Affidavit or Affirmation shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oalji or Affirmation of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and set forth, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be f^bjeft and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force, Persons convicted of wilful and Corrupt Perjury, are subject and liable to.

In what case , LI>V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this or any other Act shall Ginger,c^Lo- C3ttend or be construed to extend, to charge with any Stamp Duties, Ginger and Peppermint Lozenges, or ftSonar" ex°a' other Article of Confcftionary* unless the Person vending the same shall vend the same as Medicines, or tmpt from* beneficial for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Dillemper, Malady, Ailment or Disorder incident to

Stamps. or in any wise affecting the Human Body, nor to compel the Person or Persons vending the same to takfe out

the Licence required by Persons veading Medicines.

Duties paid to

LV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by this Act, and Receiver Gene- from the several other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps, shall be paid into im Hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, who shall from time to time pay the same into the Bank of England for safe Custody, pursuant to the Act in that case made and provided; and shall thereafter pay the same (after deducting the Charges of raising, collecting. and accounting for the fame, and all other Charges first payable thereout, and with the Exception of any Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in one Sum, at. such times and in such manner as the present Stamp Duties are by the Laws in force directed to be paid; and that the Monies so paid into the said Receipt, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and the same shall be apportioned in the Accounts of the Consolidated Fund and of the Public Debt of Great Britain, in such manner as shall be directed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament.

I'i

into Exchequer.

Consolidated

Fund.

Port, c. 185. 1*4.

j

1

1

t

AJ0.i8i j. 55° GEORGII IB.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers*

SCHEDULE.

PART THE FIRST:

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, kc.; on Instruments of CONVEYANCE, ( CONTRACT. OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Money; on DEEDS in general; and ' on other INSTRUMENTS, Matters and Things, not falling under either of the following Heads.

PART THE SECOND:

Containing the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS, or Proceedings in the Admiralty and Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the several Courts of Law and Equity at Westminster, and other Courts in Great Britain, "and in the Offices belonging thereto, and before the Lord High Chancellor or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bank* ruptcy and Lunacy.

PART THE THIRD:

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; onl CONFIRMATIONS of Testaments, testamentary and dative; on INVEN TORIES to be exhibited in the Commissary Courts of Scotland; on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable Estate; and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable Estates upon ' Inteftacy. - -..; o

PART THE FIRST. Duty.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Advocate in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the High Court of Admiralty in England: or in any of the Courts of Justice in Scotland - £ x. d. 50 o o

Exemption from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Where an Advocate, admitted in one Court in England, shall be admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in England; or being admitted in one Court in Scotland, shall be admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in Scotland; his latter Admission fhrdl be free of Duty, provided he shall have paid the proper Stamp Duty on his former Admissiotiy according to the Laws then in force.

ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister at Law, in either of the Inns of Court in England; for the Register or Entry thereof o o o

ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Attorney, Solicitor or Proctor, in any Court in England; or as a Sworn Clerk, Side Clerk, Clerk in Court, or other Clerk or Officer, in any Court in England, whose BuGness and Emoluments (like those of an Attorney or Solicitor) shall depend upon his being retained and employed by Clients or Suitors, and shall therefore be wholly uncertain in Amount - - - r O Cl

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Where any Person duly admitted an Attorney in either of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in either of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chesterf Lancaster and Durham, shall be also admitted to act as an Attorney in any

18* 493'

ADMISSION — continued.

WVM\l Q>- fcJ. / d.

other of the said Courts, <?r m any inferior Court of Lawy or as a Solicitor in any Court of Equity, in England, //; /rf//*r Admission shall be free of Duty.

And where any P erf on duly admitted a Solicitor in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer at Wflminster, or in either of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lane after and Durham, shall be also admitted to aid as a Solicitor in any other of the J'aid Courts, or in

vrr, c\

Hi. ni luff >t)no

any inferior Court of Equity, or as an Attorney in any Court f Law in England, the latter Admission fall be free of Duty. Provided such Attorney or Solicitor fall have paid the proper Stamp , Duty ou Lis former Admission, according to the Laws then in

r J J; V

/one*

i ' f; j n. b. (trr*5

But in all cases not expressly exempted, the said Duty is to be paid on every Adnulfion of the same Person. m

ADMISSION of any Person to act as Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney or Procurator, in any Court in Scotland; or as a Clerk or Officer in any Court in Scotland, whose Business and Emoluments (like those of a Solicitor) shall depend upon his being retained and employed by Clients or Suitors, and shall therefore be wholly uncertain in Amount -

And where any Person shall be admitted to act as a Solicitor, or Agent, in the Court of Session, Judiciary or Commission of Teinds in Scotland, who shall not have served a Clerkship or Apprenticeship for Five Years, to a Writer to the Signet, or to a Solicitor or Agent, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerkship, or Apprenticeship, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable b.y Law for the fame at the Date thereof j his Admission shall be charged with a further Duty of And where any Person shall be admitted to act as a Procurator or c Solicitor, in the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland, the Commissary Court at Edinburgh, or any inferior Court in Scotland who shall not have served a Clerkship or Apprenticeship i for Five Years, to a Writer to die Signet, or to a Solicitor, Agent or Procurator, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable by Law for the fame at the Date thereof; his Admission shall be charged with a further Duty of

v, >, ZOia^lMtfA vA J ' t<j vrft to

la To yarTtO ib or J vlnnft'joijff ifi cinornulomld

rfo 913(17/ mam

131(7/ I»nA

L vxj,

1'jffw L: A \ r*q

r>rl// bn A 25 o O

*dw hnA

iriw bttk'"'raq

bnA

60 b

G jd'U cif r idw

bn A

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Person duly admitted a Writer to the Signet, or a Solicitor, Agent or Attorney, in either of the Courts oj Session, Juf icic.ry, Exchequer or Comtntfjion of Teinds, fall be also admitted to act in either of those Capacities in any other or others f the fame Courts^; his latter Admission fall be free of Duty.

Where any Person, duly admitted as a Solicitor or Procurator in the High Eou)rt of Admiralty, or in the Commissary Court at Edinburgh, fall be also admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in the other of those*Courts, his latter Admission fall be free of Duty.

And where any Person, duly admitted a Solicitor nr Procurator in any of the inferior Courts in Scotland, fall be also admitted cf Solicitor

: tm A

3°

Ytt A

V

w . A. n

A\ \\N

v-v>

ti ma

55? GE3D«flSat) lit

xiud

SCHEDULE, PART I.

ADMISSION — continued.

V \ w\\

or Procurator in any otJyer or others of the fame Courts, his latter

Admiffron shall he free of Duty,

Provided in each of the foregoing cases, the proper Stamp Duty shall have been paid, on the former Aamiffon of such Person, according to the Laws then in force.

But in all cases not exprossly exempted, the said Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person.

j'» V. ( -.v. V-, V'.I

ADMISSION of any Person as a Matter in Ordinary in Chancery, or as one of the Six Clerks, or one of the Cursitors, of the Court of Chancery in England, or as a Sworn Clerk, Side* Ckrk, Clerk in Court, or other Clerk or Officer whatsoever, in any Court in Great Britain, who mutt neceflnrily be employed to do cei.tain official Business, and vhofe Emoluments shall therefore be so far fixed and certain;

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments of the Office or Appointment shall not amount to 50l. per Annum

And where the same shall amount to col. and not amount to 100l. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 100l. and not amount to 2col.

Duty,

£. t.

vtv.) .^uv'tV;

per Annum

qu nr

And where the same shall amount to 20cl. and not amount to 300l.

'per'Annum*-.-

And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 50CI. and not amount to 750l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to \ , cocl. per Annum And where the same shall amount to i, ooooI. and not amount to IijOCl* per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 2, cool, and not amount to 3, orol. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 3, 000k or upwards per Annum I

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for three Years1 preceding, if practicable; and if not, according to the bell Information that can be obtained.

I /A'?> ij.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Officer fall be admitted annually, every Admiffron after the

UiGL

1

first shall be free cj Duty\ provided the proper Duty shall have been paid on his first Admifr.n.

All Admissiont of QJpceis, proceeding upon- any Grants of or Appoint merits to Offices, which shall be chunged with the Duties herein aft r mentioned.

I ViH

But in ail cafef, not cxprcfily exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the feme IVfon.

K-ni u

2 0 0

)T?c DMflA

4 0 c

6 0 0

folq

12 0 ! C

25 0 0

35 0 0

5° 0 0

75 0 iA O

100 0 0

r j

150 0 0

rot

260 0 0

\A n J

iWd

wv/.l

r/A

\\l

lVuu

ViWAve

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Notary Public. — See Faculty.

ADMISSION of any Person to be a Member of either of the Four Inns of Court in England -

ADMISSION of any Person to be a Member of either of the Societies commonly called Inns of Chancery in England -

ADMISSION of any Person to be a Fellow of the College of Physicians in England or Scotland -

ADMISSION or Licence of any Person by the College of Physicians in England or Scotland, to exercise the Faculty of Physic, or practice as a Licentiate

ADMISSION or Matriculation of any Person in either of the Universities in England -

ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Batchelor of Arts, in either of the Universities in England, for the Register or Entry thereof.

If conferred in the ordinary Course of the University If conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of Nobility, or otherwise out of the ordinary Course

ADMISSION of any Person to any other Degree in either of the Universities in England^ for the Register or Entry thereof,

If conferred in the ordinary Course of the University If conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of Nobility, or otherwise, out of the ordinary Course, conferring any Right of Election in such University

ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of Doctor of Medicine, in either of the Universities in Scotland -

Note. — The said hereinbefore mentioned Duties on Ad millions are, in all cases not expressly provided for, to be charged on the Instruments of Admission, delivered to the Persons admitted, by whatsoever Name the fame may be called, if there be any such, or if not, on the Register, Entry or Memorandum of each Admission, in the Rolls, Books or Records of the Court, College, Inn or Society, in which the Admission shall be made; or for want thereof, on the Rescript or Warrant for such Admission.

ADMISSION of any Person into any Corporation or Company, in any City, Borough, Burgh or Town Corporate in Great Britain: for the Register, Entry or Memorandum thereof, in the Court Book, Roll or Record, of such Corporation or Company;

Where the Admission shall be in respect of Birth, Apprenticeship or Marriage.-

And where the same shall be upon any other Ground

Exemptions from the preceding and all ether Stamp Duties.

The Admifftons of Craftsmen or others entering in any Corporation, within any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Regality or Burgh of Barony % in Scotland, incorporated by the Magistrates and Council of such Burgh; provided such Craftsmen or others shall have been prt- vicufy admitted Freemen or Burgesses of the Burgh, and have paid the proper Stamp Duty on such Admission, according to the Laws then in force.

J?. x. d. 25 o o

300 25 o o

15 o o

X o o

300

500

600 10 o o

1000

100

300

5

0.184;

1 SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

j ADMISSION to Ecclesiastical Benefices in Scotland. — See Collation.'jC. jAl. ' A

J ADMISSION or Admittance to Copyhold Lands. — See Copyhold. t

I AFFIDAVIT, not made for the immediate Purpose of being filed, read or used, in any Court of Law or Equity; for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, on which the same shall be written or printed*- j O

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties

Affidavits required or authorized by Law, to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace; or before any Commissioner or Commifi ftoners of any Public Board of Revenue, or any of the Officers aBing under them; or before any other Commissioner or Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Act of Parliament. Affidavits to be made pursuant to the AB of the Forty eighth Year of His Majestjs Reign, r. 149, by Persons intromitting with the per* final or moveable Efate or Effects of Persons deceased in Scotland. Affidavits to be made pursuant to this AB by Persons applying for Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration in England, regai ding the Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased. Affidavits which may be required at the Barth of England, to prove the Death of any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds transferrable there> or to identify the Person of any such Proprietory or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer of any such Stocks or Funds. Alfi all Affidavits relating to the Loss, Mutilation or Defacement if any Dank Note or Bank Post Bill. See alfi the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule, \

AGREEMENT, or ContraS, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security on any Estate or Property therein comprised. — See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of an Agreement, made in England, under Hand only, or made in Scotland without any Clause of Registration [and not otherwise charged in this Schedule nor exprefily exempted from dll Stamp Duty), where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20l. or upwards, whether the same shall be only Evidence of a Corttraft, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto;

Where the same shall not contain more than 1, 080 Words (being the Amount of Fifteen Common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy two Words each) - - And where the same shall contain. more than j, 080 Words And for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, Over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of Provided always, that where divers Letters shall be offered in Evidence - to prove any Agreement between the.Parties who shall have written such Letters, it shall be sufficient if any one of such Letters shall be stamped with a Duty of il. 15s. although the same shall in the whole contain twice the Number of 1, 080Words or upwards, 55 Geo. III., 3 S': 1 0 , C j i IS 0 |5 0.

AGREEMENT — continued.

S9

i.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Label, Slip or Memorandum, containing the Heads of Insurances to be made by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance, and London Assurance; or by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire and London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.

Memorandum or Agreement for granting a Lease or Tack, at Rack Rent, of any Messuage, Land or Tenement, under the yearly Rent of Five Pounds.

Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufacturer or Menial Servant.

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

Memorandum or Agreemetit made between the Majier and Mariners of any Ship or Vessel, for Wages, on any Voyage Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain.

Letters containing any Agreement (not before exempted) in respect of any Merchandize, or Evidence of such an Agreement, which shall pass by the Pofi, between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Great Britain, and residing and a&Hally being, at the time of fending such Letters, at the Difiance of Fifty Miles from each other.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, real or personal, or of any Use or Interest therein, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, j shall contain 2, 160 Words (being the amount of Thirty

Common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy-two Words each) or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words (or Fifteen Common Law Folios or Sheets) contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of If made by Deed. — See Deed.

APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclesiastical Benefices in England -

' APPOINTMENT of a Game Keeper. — See Deputation.

APPOINTMENT to Offices. — See Admission, Grant.

APPRAISEMENT or Valuation of any Estate or Effects, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable; or of any Interest therein; or of the annual Value thereof; or of any Dilapidations; or of any Repairs wanted; or of the Materials and Labour used or to be used in any Buildings; or of any Artificers Work whatsoever;

Where the Amount of such Appraisement or Valuation shall not exceed 50l.

And where it shall exceed 50l. and not exceed 100l.

And where it shall exceed iool. and not exceed 20c!.

And where it shall exceed 200l. and not exceed 500l.

And where it shall exceed 500L -

6 G. 1. c. 18.

31 G. 3. C. 39. §10.

I 15 0

i 5 0

a o o

026 050 0100 o 15 o

IOO

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

APPRAISEMENT — continued. e. d.

Exemptiont.

Apprai[emeriti or Valuations made in pursuance of the Order of any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, - or of any Court of Appeal from any Sentence^ Adjudication or Judgment of any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty.

Appraisements or Valuations of any Property, made for the Purpose of ascertaining the Legacy Duty payable in respect thereof.

APPRAISER, Licence to act as such. — See Licence.

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP. — Indenture or other Instrument or Writing containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, who shall be put or placed to or witk any Master or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerk/bip to Attornies and others, hereinafterfpecifcally charged;

If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other Matter or Thing which shall be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, or be secured to be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, to or for the Use or Benefit of the Master or Mistress, with or in respect of such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or both the Money and Value of such other Matter or Thing shall not amount to 30l. If the same shall amount to 30l. and not amount to 50l.

If the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to tool.

If the same shall amount to tool, and not amount to aool. Tf the same shall amount to 2C0l. and not amount to 300I,

If the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 400l.

If the same shall amount to 400l. and not amount to 500L If the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 600l.

If the same shall amount to 600l. and not amount to 800l.

If the same shall amount to 800L and not amount to i, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to i, ooool. or upwards And where there shall be no such Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the Master or Mistress j if the Indenture or other Instrument shall not contain more than 1, 080 Words -

And if the same shall contain more than that Quantity

I 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

6 0 0

12 0 0

20 0 0

*S 0 0

3° 0 0

4° 0 0

SO 0 0

60 0 0

1 b 0

15 0

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP. — Indenture, or other Instrument or Writing, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements for or relating to the Service of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, as aforesaid, who shall be put or placed to or with a new Master or Mistress, either by Assignment, Transfer or Turnover, or upon the Death, Absence or Incapacity of the former Master or Mistress, or Otherwise; or any Writing whatever, whereby any such Assignment, Transfer or Turnover may be effectuated or ascertained.

Where there shall be any such valuable Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the new Master or Mistress, exclusive of any Part "of thq Consideration to the former Master or Mistress, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Mider or Mistress^- -

3s a

fSuch and the like Duty in Proportion to the Amount or Value of such new Considera tion only, as is before I charged on anyorigi-I nalIndenture of Ap- L prentieejhtp.

500 C. 184.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

3» O 3- c. 57.

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP — continued.

And where there shall be no such new Consideration; .if the Indenture or other Instrument or Writing shall not contain more than 1, 080 Words -

And if the same shall contain more than that Quantity And where there shall be Duplicates, or Two Parts, of any such Indenture or other Instrument or Writing, relating to any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant as aforesaid; each Part shall be charged with the Dutyvbefore mentioned, in all cases where the same shall not exceed Thirty fivelShiltings'; £nd where the same shall exceed that Sum, only one Part shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, or Duty in proportion to the ConGderation, and the other Part shall be, charged with a Duty of -

Note. — And the Part, bearing the ad valorem or higher Duty, shall belong to and be kept by the Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or some Person on his or her behalf, upon his or her being first placed out \ and in case of any subsequent placing out, Jjy Assignment or otherwise, the Part bearing the ad valorem Duty on that occassion (if any) shall belong to and be kept by the former Matter or Mistress, or his or her Representatives, or by the Apprentice* Clerk or Servant, or some Person on his or her behalf \ and in each of the said cases, the other Part, bearing the lower Duty hereby charged thereon, shall belong to and be kept by the original Matter or Mistress, or the new Matter or Mistress, as the case may be \ and the same shall be respectively received in Evidence accordingly.

Exemption* from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Indentures or other Instruments for placing out poor Children Apprentices, by or at the foie Charge of any Parish or Township, or by or at the Jole Charge of any Public Charity, or pursuant to the Act of the 3d Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices.

And all Assignments of such poor Apprentices; provided there shall be no such valuable Consideration as aforesaid given to the new Master or MJlrefs, other than what may have been or shall be given by any Parish or Township, or by any Public Charity.

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contrail, whereby any Person shall Grft become bound to serve as a Clerk j in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor,

In any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster -

In any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham; or in any other Court of Record in England, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings And for any Counterpart or Duplicate of any such Articles or Contrail of Clerkship -

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contrail, whereby any Person [not being an Attorney of One of the Courts at Westminster) shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Sworn Clerk, in the

/. d.

t o o

115 o

1 15 o

120 0 o

60 o o

I 15 o

55° GEORGII III.

C. 184.

A.D. 1815.

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP —

s.

Office of the Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery, or as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court or Side Clerk, in the Office of Pleas, or the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer, in the Court of Exchequer, in England And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to any such Admission as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contra& between them being vacated by Consent, or by Rule of Court, or in.any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof

And where any Person, having entered into any Articles of Clerkship or Contrail, duly damped according to the Law in force at the Date thereof, in order to his Admission as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, or in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at Westminster, shall afterwards enter into any such Articles or Contrail as aforesaid, for any other of those Purposes; the said last mentioned Articles or Contract shall be charged only with a Duty of -

And the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof

And where the fame Articles of Clerkship shall be a Qualification to any Person to be admitted, not only as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at Westminster, but also as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, or as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the inferior Courts aforesaid; such Articles shall not be charged with more than one Duty of 120l.

I 15*'5

*5 1 i5

o

o

o

o

o

o

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Proctor in the High Court of Admiralty in England, or in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts in DoEiors Commons -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contrail, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Prodlor in any of the Courts aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contrail between them being vacated, or in any other Event And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof

ARTICLES, or Indent ure of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent or Attorney, in any of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer and Commission of Teinds in Scotland -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof

ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order

120 o o

I 15 o

115 o I5

60 o o 115 o

2.184. 55° GEORGII ni. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP — continued. j£. 1 A

to his Admifling to a St as a Procurator or Solicitor in the High Court of Admiralty, the Commissary Court at Edinburgh, or any other inferior Court in Scotland - - - And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof 30 0 0 1 15

ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to any such Adjniffion in Scotland as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term f6r which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contract between them being vacated, or in any other Event - And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof 1 IS 0 1 J5 0

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contra St of Indenture of Apprenticeship, whereby any Person, having been before bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to any such Admission as aforesaid either in England or Scotland, and not having completed or perfected his Service Co as to entitle him to such Admission, shall become bound afresh, for a new Term of Years, for tb* fame Purpose - And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof But in this case, the Stamp used on the Articles, Contract or Indenture, first entered into for the said Purpose, shall be allowed as a spoiled Stamp, on being delivered up to the Commissioners of Stamps to be cancelled within Six Calendar Months after the Execution of the new Articles* Contra<3; or Indenture. ASSIGNATION or AlEgnment, upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance. ASSIGNATION in Security. — See Mortgage. ASSIGNATION of any Wadset, Heritable Bond, &c. — See Mortgage. ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other similar Security. — — See Mortgage. 1 The same Duty as I would be payable on ! any original Arti-r eleSf Contraa or 1 Indenture for futh J Purpose. 1 15 O

ASSIGNATION or ASSIGNMENT of any Property, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty - - I 15 0

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of - I J 0

AWARD in England, and Award or Decreet-Arbitral in Scotland I 15

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of j, o8o Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of - - - 4 1 S 0

BARGAIN and SALE (or Lease) for a Year, for vetting the Possession of Lands or other Hereditaments in England, and enabling the Bargainee to take a Release of the Freehold or Inheritance, upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof \

Where the Purchase or Consideration Money expressed in the Release shall not amount to 20l.

And where the same shall amount to 20l. and not amount to 50l. And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to 1501. And where the same shall amount to 1501. or upwards

BARGAIN and SALE (or Lease) for a Year, upon any other Occasion -

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate of Freehold, in Lands or other Hereditaments in England, upon the Sale thereof, or by way of Mortgage. — See Conveyance. — Mortgage.

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate of Freehold, in Lands or other Hereditaments in England, upon any other Occasion than the Mortgage or Sale thereof -

And where any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

Exemptions from the preceding Duty.

Bargains and Sales, made by Commissioners to the AJJignees of Bankrupts,

-which are to pay a Duty, only as Deeds in general.

Inland BILL of EXCHANGE, Draft or Order to the Bearer, or to Order, either on Demand or otherwise, not exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5l. 5s.

Exceeding 5l. 5s. and not exceeding 20I -

Exceeding 20l. and not exceeding 30l.

Exceeding 30l. and not exceeding 50l.

Exceeding 50l. and not exceeding iool.

Exceeding ool. and not exceeding 200l.

Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 300l.

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ooool.

Exceeding j, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, 0001.

Exceeding 3, 0001.

Inland BILL of EXCHANGE, Draft or Order for the Payment to the Bearer, or to Order, at any time exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5l. 5s.

Exceeding 5l. 5s. and not exceeding 20l.

Exceeding 20l. and not exceeding 30l.

Exceeding 30l. and not exceeding 50l.

Exceeding 50l. and not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200l.

Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 300l.

s. d.

o 10

0 15

1 o

I5

o

o

o

o

0 I 0

0 X 6

0 2 0

0 2 6

0 3 6

0 4 6

0 5 0

0 6 0

0 8 6

0 12 6

0 '5 0

I 5 0

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 2 6

0 3 6

0 '4 6

0 5 0

0 6 0

C. 184.

GEORGII III.

A.D. 181£.

Inland BILL, See.* — continued.

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 5ool. and not exceeding ooool.

Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, ooool.

Exceeding 3, ooool.

Inland BILL, Draft or Order for the Payment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her behalf

Inland BILL, Draft or Order for the Payment of any Sum of Money, Weekly, Monthly, or at any other dated Periods, if made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or if delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her behalf, where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be specified therein, or can be ascertained therefrom

And where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be indefinite -

And the following Indruments shall be deemed and taken to be Inland Bills, Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of Money within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule; videlicet,

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money by a Bill or Promissory Note, or for the Delivery of any such Bill or Note in Payment or Satisfaction of any Sum of Money \ where such Drafts or Orders shall require the Payment or Delivery to be made to the Bearer, or to Order, or shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her behalf.

All Receipts given by any. Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, for. Money received, which shall entitle, or be intended to entitle, the Person or Persons. paying the Money, or the Bearer of such Receipts, to receive the like Sum from any Third Person or Persons.

And all Bills, Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of any Sum of Money out of any particular JFund which may or may not be available, or upon any Condition or Contingency which may or may not be performed or happen, if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or if the same shall be delivered to the Payee or some Person on his or her behalf.

Foreign BILL of EXCHANGE (or Bill of Exchange drawn in but payable out of Great Britain) if drawn singly and not in a Set

Foreign BILLS of EXCHANGE, drawn in Sets according to the Custom of Merchants, for every Bill of each Set, where the Sufti made payable .thereby shall not exceed i-ool.

And where it shall exceed loci, and not exceed 200l.

And where it shall exceed 200l. and not exceed 500l.

And where it shall exceed 500l. and not exceed i, ooool.

And where it shall exceed i, ooool. and not exceed 2, ooool.

And where it shall exceed 2, ooool. and not exceed 3, 000l.

And where it shall exceed 3, 000l.

for the like Sum, payable to Bearer or Order.

The same Duty as on a Bill payable to Bearer or Order on Demand for a Sun. equal to such total Amount.

The same Duty as on a Bill on Demand for the Sum therein expressed only

I

1

s. d.

0 8 6

0 12 6

05 0

1 5 0

1 10 0

The same Duty as on

i

The same Duty as on

an Inland Bill of the fame Amount

and Tenor.

0 1 6 :

0 3 0

0 4 0

0 5 0

0 7 6

0 10 O V

0 15 0

SCHEDULE, PART I.

BILL — continued.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Bills of Exchange, or Bank Post Bills, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

All Bills, Orders, Remittance Bills and Remittance Certificates, drawn by Commissioned Officers, Masters and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commissionier or Commissioners of the 'Navy, under the Authority of the Act passed in the 35th Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the more expeditious Payment of the IPages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to the Navy.

All Bills drawn pursuant to any former Act or A Els of Parliament by the Commissioners of the Navy, or by the Commissioners for ViElual-ling the Navy, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, and for taking Care of Sick and JVounded Seamen, upon, and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy.

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Bearer on Demand, and drawn upon any Banker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons aElittg as a Banker, who shall reside or transact the Business of a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Drafts or Orders shall be issued, provided such Place shall be specified in such Drafts or Orders; and provided the same shall bear Date on or before the Day on which the same shall be issued; and provided the fame do not direct the Payment to be made by Bills or Promissory Notes.

All Bills, for the Pay and Allowances of His Majesty's Land Forces, or for other Expenditures liable to be charged in the Public Regimental or DifiriEl Accounts, which shall be drawn according to the Forms now prescribed or hereafter to be prescribed by His Majesty's Orders, by the Paymasters of Regiments or Corps, or by the Chief Paymaster, or Deputy Paymaster, and Accountant of the Army Depot, or by the Paymasters of Recruiting DiflriEls, or by the Paymasters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorized to perform the Duties of the P aymclfterfjip during a Vacancy, or the Absence, Susperfion or Incapacity of any such Paymaster as aforesaid; lave and except such Bills as shall be drawn in favour of Contractors or others, who furnish Bread or Forage to His Majesty's Troops, and who by their Contracts or Agreements shall be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for the Articles supplied by them.

BILL of LADING, of or for any Goods, Merchandize or Effects, to be exported or carried Coastwise -

BILL of SALE absolute. — See Conveyance.

Duty.

£. s.

d.

35 G. 3. C.*

BILL of SALE as a Security. — See Mortgage.

BOND in England and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any definitive and certain Sum of Money,

Not exceeding 50l.

Exceeding 50l. and not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200l.

Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 300l.

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l.

55 Geo. III. 3 T

100

1100

200

30°

400

- t -, " I'- r "'

C. 184. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

BOND — continued.; Exceeding 5C0l. and not exceeding 1, ooool. ! Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, 000! Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3^000!* Exceeding 3, 0001. and not exceeding 4, ooool. Exceeding 4, oocl. and not exceeding 5, 000l. Exceeding 5, 0001. and not exceeding 10, 000l. Exceeding 10, 000l. and not exceeding 15, 0001. Exceeding 15, 000l. and not exceeding 20, 000l. Exceeding 20, cool. - - £ x. d. 500 6.0 0 700 800 900 12 O O 15 O O 20 0 0 25 O 0

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the case may be; Where the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit And where the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum - 25 0 0 C The same Duty as on < a Bond for such limited Sum.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Transfer, or Retransfer, of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company - - Heritable BOND in Scotland for any of the Purposes aforesaid. — — See Mortgage. The same Duty as on a Bond for a Sumcf Money, equal to the Value of the Stock or Fund secured, ^according to the average Price thereof, - on the Day of the Date of the Bond, or on either of the Tm Dayspreceding.

BOND in England and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for the Transfer or Retransfer of 1 any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, which shall be in part secured by a Mortgage or Wadset, or other Instrument or Writing herein after charged with the same Duty as a Mortgage or Wadset, bearing even Date with such Bond; or for the Performance of Covenants contained in such Mortgage or other Instrument or Writing \ or for both those Purposes - - - BOND in England, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as the only or principal Security for the Payment of any Annuity, upon the original Creation and Sale thereof. — See ConveVANCE upon the Sale of j Lands, &c. 'I'- J I 1 0 0 j 1 j 1

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a collateral or auxiliary Security for the Payment of any Annuity, upon the original j Creation and Sale thereof, where the same shall be granted or conveyed, or secured, by any other Deed or Instrument, liable to and charged with the ad valorem Duty, herein after imposed on. Conveyances upon the Sale of any Property - - - 16 1 1 1 0 © i

schedule, PART I.

Duty.

BOND in England\ and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except upon the original Creation and Sale thereof), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at dated Periods (not being interest for any principal Sum, nor Rent refetved or payable upon any Lease or Tack)9 for any definite and certain Term, so that the Total Amount of the Money to be paid can bepreviously ascertained

BOND in England, and Personal and Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except as aforesaid), or of any r Sum or Sums of Money at dated Periods (not being interest for any principal Sum, nor Rent reserved or payable upon any Lease or Tack) for the Term of Life or any other indefinite Period, so that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertamed 5

Where the Annuity, or Sums secured, shall not amount to 10l. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to iol. and not amount to 50l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300l. per Annum

And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 400l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 400l. and not amount to 500l.

pet Annum -

And wherfc the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 750l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to

i, ooool. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to*f, 5col. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to 2, cod. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. per Annum or upwards

But where there shall be both a Personal and Heritable Bond, in Scotland\ in separate Deeds of the fame Date, for securing any such Annuity, or Sums payable at stated Periods, and the ad valorem Duty above charged thereon shall amount to 2l. or upwards; the Heritable Bond only shall be charged with the ad valorem Duty, and the Personal Bond shall be charged only with a Duty of

BOND, commohly called Counterbond in England, and Personal Bond of Relief in Scotland, for indemnifying any Person who shall have become bound or engaged as Surety or Cautioner for the Payment of any Sum of j Money or Annuity, or for the Transfer of any Share in any of the I Stocks or Funds before mentioned -

I

1

j BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, for the due Execution of j an Office, and to account for Money received by virtue thereof

3 T 2 '

A /. d.

The same Duty as on a Bond of the like Nature, for the Payment of a Sum of Money equal to such total Amount.

I O 0

2 O 0

3 O a

4 0 0

S.0 Q

6 0 0

7 0 0

9 0 0

12 0 0

.5 0 0

20 0 0

*5 0 0

*5

15

C. 184.

55° GEORGII III. A.D. 181J

SCHEDULE, PART 1. Duty.

BOND given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, cr any of their Officers, for or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof* or for any other Matter s. d.

or Thing relating thereto - 1 o o

BOND, entered into by any Person, on obtaining a Marriage Licence I c 0

BOND, on obtaining Letters of Administration in England, or a Confirma-

tion of Testament in Scotland BOND, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadset or other Security, on any Estate or Property therein comprised. See Mortgage. 1 o o

Back BOND, Declaration, or other Deed or Writing, for making redeemable any Disposition, Assignation or Tack, apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security. Sec Mortgage.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, of any Kind whatever, not othernvife charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty - -'-

Heritable BOND in Scotland, of any Kind whatever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp-Duty -

General Directions respecting Bonds.

Where any such Bond as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, there shall be charged for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

And where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, or an Annuity, or both, or for the Payment of an Annuity, and also of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each.

And where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Annuities or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each separate and distinct Sum of Money, or Annuity or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein specified and secured, and not upon the Aggregate Amount thereof.

And where any Bond in England shall be given as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money, or Annuity, or any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, such Bond shall be charged with the same Duty as if the fame had been immediately given for the Payment or Transfer of such Money, or Annuity, or Share of the said Stocks or Funds.

14

1 15 o

115 0

1 j o

A.t>.i§i5- 55° GEORGII m. C. 184. $09

BOND — continued, s.

And where in England any Bond for the Payment or Transfer or for the Performance of any Covenant for the Payment or Transfer, of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or any Share in.any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, shall be contained in one and the fame Deed or Writing, with any other Matter or Thing, in this Schedule specifically charged with any Duty [except any Declaration of Trujl of the Money, Annuity,

Stock or Fund secured), such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the fame Duties as such Bond and other Matter or Thing would have been charged with, if contained in separate Deeds,

But where in England a Bond for the Performance of Covenants or Agreements [other than for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money, or Annuity, or any Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds), shall be contained in the fame Deed or Writing, with any other Matter or Thing, the same shall not be charged separately, but the whole shall be considered as one Deed and be charged accordingly under its proper Denomination.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties,

Bonds of the Royal Exchange and London Assurance Corporations, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of King George the First, under which they were incorporated.

Bonds and other Securities, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 26th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act now in force for the Encouragement of the British Ffheries,

Bonds, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act now in force, relating to the Exportation of Wool, or any Manufacture thereof, or Fuller's Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco pipe Clay; or by the Act of the 2yth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or any other Act now in force, relating to the Exportation of Tobacco from His Majesty's Ware-houses.

Coajl Bonds, or Bonds relative to the carrying of Goods qr Merchandize Coastwise, whether the fame Jfjall be given pursuant to the Act of the 32d Year of His Majesty's Reign, or any other Act now in force, for the Relief of the Coajl Trade of Great Britain, or pursuant to the Directions of any Proclamation or Order in Council, by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

Bonds and other Securities, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 23d Year of His Majesty's Reign, or any other Act now in force, for the Encouragement of Friendly Societies,

Bonds given by Cardmakers, for securing the Stamp Duties on Playing Cards,

Bonds given by the Proprietors, Printers or Publishers of Newspapers, for securing the Payment of the Duties upon the Advertisements therein contained.

Bonds given by Stationers and others, who fell stamped Paper for the printing of Newspapers, for the due Performance of the Matters required of them by the Act passed in the 38th Year of His Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Printing and Publication of Newspapers,

d.

6 O. t. c. 18.

§8.

16 G. 3. c. 8k.3»-

*8 G. 3. c. 38. §59-

29 G. 3. c. 68. §4i-

31G. 3. C. 50.

9. 11.

33 0, 3. c. 54.

§4-

1

i

I

i

38 G. 3. C. 78.

26,

C, i8* 55° GJiORGII JII. '-A - - - 1*_ t *, " A.D. 1815. 101.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

BOND, Exemption — continued. Bonds given by Collectors of AJfeJfed Taxes and their Sureties, for the due Payment of Monies' collected by them, or otherwise relating to their Offices.' Administration and Confirmation Bonds, given by the Widow, Child, Father, Mother, Brother or Sister of any Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, ^W/ be jlain or die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors. Administration Bond in England given by any Perf on, where the Estate to be administered Jbcdl not exceed 20l. in value. Confirmation Bond in Scotland, where the whole Personal Estate of the Dedeased shall not elected <zol. in value.» £. s. d.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly, by every Person admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Courts at Wejhuiufier, or in any of the Courts of the Great Seflkms in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or in any other Court in England, holding Pleas, where the Debtor Damage amounts to Forty Shillings; — sind by every Person admitted as a Proctor in any of the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts in England; — and* by every Person admitted as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney or Procurator, in any of the Courts in Scotland , — and by every Person admitted or inrolled as a Notary Public in England or Scotland; — and also by every Sworn Clerk Clerk in Court, and other Clerk or Officer in any of the Courts aforesaid, who, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person, shall commence, prosecute, carry on or defend any Action, Suit/ Prosecution or other Proceeding, in any of the Courts aforesaid, or do any Notarial Act whatever, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, as an Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Proctor, Procurator or Notary Public, although not admitted or inrolled as such; T'

If he shall reside in the City of London, or City of Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two Penny Port in England, Or within the City or Shire of Edinburgh; And if he shall have been admitted, or been in Possession of his Office, for the Space of Three Years or upwards Or if he shall not have been admitted or been in Possession so long - - - 13 O O 600

If lie shall reside elsewhere; And if he shall have been admitted, or been in Possession of his Office, for the Space of Three Years or upwards - - Or if he shall not have been admitted, or been in possession so long But no one Person is to be obliged to take out more than One Certificate, although he may att in more than one of the Capacities aforesaid, or in several of the Courts aforesaid. 8 0 0 4 0 0

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. G. 184.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CERTI FI CATE — continued* Exemptions. £. s. d.

All Clerks and Officers of any of the Courts aforefcudy who shall aB or be concerned in the ConduB or Management of any ABiotiy Suit, Prosecution or other Proceeding, by virtue and in the Execution of their respective Offices or Appointments only, and shall not be also retained or employed by any Party to such Afiion, Suit, Prosecution or other Proceeding, or by any Attorney, Solicitor, .Agenty ProBor or Procuratory on behalf of any Party theretOy for or in ExpeBation of any Fee or Reward, other than the efa- blished Fees due and payable in respect of their Offices and Appointments>

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly9 by every Person, being a Member of One of the Four Inns of Court in England, who in the Character of Conveyancer, Special Pleader, Draftsman in Equity, or otherwise, shall, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed or Instrument relating to, any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, or any other Deed or Contradi whatever, or any Pleadings or Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity; If he shall reside imhe City of Lmdotiy or City of We/ltmnJ}er} or within the Limits of the Two Penny Post in England And if he shall reside elsewhere - - Exemptions Serjeants at Laws and Barrifers Attornies, Solicitorsy ProBors and Notaries Publicky and other Person s aBing as such by virtue of any Office or Appointment, who shall respectively take out Certificates in those. CharaBer$: Public Officers drawing or preparing Deeds or other Infiruments, by virtue of their Offices, and in the Course of their official Duty only, and not otherwise. CERTIFICATE of Admission to Degrees in the Universities. — See Testimonial. 0 6 O 0«00 M

CERTIFICATE of Marriage, except of any common Seamany Marine or Soldier CERTIFICATE of any Person's having received the Holy Sacrament 09 O O

CERTIFICATE of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize having been duly entered inwards, which shall be entered outwards for Exportation, at the Port of Importation, or be removed from thence to any other Port, for the more convenient Exportation thereof from Great Britain j where such Certificate shall be issued for enabling any Person to obtain a Debenture or Certificate, entitling him to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties of Customs, or any Part thereof See also Debenture, O 4 0

CHARTER of Resignation, or of Confirmation, or of Novodamus, or upon Apprising, or upon a Decreet of Adjudication or Sale of any Lands, or other heritable Subjects in Scotland,h.o\(\.zn of any Subject Superior And where the same shall contain..2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, r over and above the First 1, 080 Words, a further progressive O9O

Duty of - 090

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CHARTER PARTY or any Agreement or Contract for the Charter of any Ship or Vessel, or any Memorandum, Letter or other Writing between the Captain, Matter or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any other Person for or relating to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods s. d.

or Effects, on board of such Ship or Vessel - - And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of j, o8o Words contained therein, over and above I 15 0

the First 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contract of — See Apprenticeship. — Articles. I s 0

COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards in The King's Books - 20 O O

COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in England IC O O

COLLATION, Institution or Admission, by any Presbytery or other competent Authority, to any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Scotland 2 0 0

COMMISSION granted by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons duly authorized by him or them, to any Officer in the Army, or in the Corps of Royal Marines - Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Commissions granted to Officers of Yeomanry Cavalry, or Volunteer In -fantry, and to Officers of the Local Militia. I 10 0

COMMISSION granted by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, to any Officer in the Navy -O O

COMMISSION, or Deputation, granted by the Commissioners of Excise - I 10 0

COMMISSION, appointing any Person Receiver General of the Land and other Taxes, for any County or District in Great Britain 25 0 0

COMMISSION appointing any Manager or Director, Managersor Directors, of or concerning any Lottery or Lotteries to be drawn pursuant to Act of Parliament - - - COMMISSION to act as a Notary Public in Scotland. — See Faculty. COMMISSION, in the nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland. — See Letter of Attorney. 49 0 0 0

COMPOSITION — Deed, or other Instrument of Composition between a Debtor or Debtors, and his, her or their Creditors And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the First I 15 0

1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of - I s 0

A.D. 18j5*

55^ GEORGII HI,

at 84.

I>1

CONDITIONAL Surrender of any Copyhold or Customary Estate> by ittj of Mortgage* — See Mortgage.

CONSTAT of Letters Patent. — See Exemplification.

CONTRACT of Excambion in Scotland. — See Exchange.

CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, Disposition, Lease, A flignment, Transfer, Release, Renunciation, or of any other Kind or Description #hatsoever, upon the Salt of any Lands, Tenements; Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable, or of any Right, Title, Interest or Claim in, to, out of or upon any Lands, Tenements. Rents, Annuities or other Property 5 that is to say, for and hi respect of the Principal or only Deed, Injimmmt or Writing, whereby the Lands or other Things fold shall be granted, leased, aligned, transferred, released, renounced or otherwise conveyed to, of veiled in, the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, by his, her or their Direction;

Where the Purchase or Confrderatron Money therein dr thereupon exp relied shall not amount to aol.

And where the same shall amount to 20l. and not amount to jot. And where the same shall amount to 501* and not amount to 1501. And where the same shall amount to 150! % and not amount to 300L And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to $oOl. And where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 750l. And where the feme shall amount to yjoh and not amount to And where the same shall amount to i, ooooL and not amount to

2.0001.«*

And where the same shall amount to 3, cool; and net amount to

3, cool.

And where the same shall amount to 3, 000l. and not amount to

4, cool.

And where the same shall amount to 4, 000l. and not amount to

5, 00© I. - - «* u

And where the same shall amount to j^oot. and not amount to 6, cool.

And where the same shall amount to 6^ool. and not amount to

7.0001. — — m W m

And where the same shall amount to 7, Oool. and not amount to

8.0001.

And where the same shall amount to 8, ooool. and not amount to 9, oooor.

And where the same shall amount to (7, 0001. and not amount to 10, 000l.

And where the fame fhatt amount to ro, ooool. and not amount to i2, <?oor.

And where the same shall amount to ra, jool. and not amount to 15, 00$!.

And where the feme shall amount to iy, oC6l. and not amount to 2o, acoh -

And whercrtfie feme shaft amount to 2o, oodl. and not'amount to1 30, 000b -

And where the feme (hatt amount to 30, 0001. and riot amount to 40, 000l.

55 Geo. III. 3 U

& SU

IO 0

I O 0

I IO 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

6 0 0

9 0 0

12 0 0

25 0 0

35 0 0

45 0 0

55 0 0

*5 0 0

75 0 0

8J 0 0

95 0 c

isio 0 0

130 0 0

170 0 0

240 0 0

35 0 0

5M

C. 184- 55° GEORGII IIl. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

CONVEY KSCE — continued.

I'

And where the same shall amount to 40, 0001. and not amount to

5o, oc|ol.

And wherf the same shall amount to 50, 0001. and not amount to

60.0001.

And where the famelhall amount to 6o, ooool. and not amount to

80.0001.

And where the same shall amount to 8o, ooool. and not amount to ioo, Qool.

And where the same shall amount to ioo, ooool. or upwards

dt. s. i.

45° 0 0

55° 0 0

650 0 0

800 0 0

1, 000 0 0

And where any Freehold Lands or Hereditaments in England shall be conveyed by a Deed of Feoffment, with or without any Letter or Letters of Attorney therein'contained to deliver or receive Seisin, or by a Deed of Bargain and Sale inrolled; such Deed of Feoffment or Bargain and Sale, unless accompanied with a Lease and Release shall be charged with a further Duty a9 follows:

If the Purchase or Consideration Money therein or thereupon expressed, shall be under 20l.

If it shall amount to 20l. and not amount to 50l.

If it shall amount to 50l. and not amount to 1501.

If it shall amount to 150]. or upwards

But if there shall be both a Feoffment and a Bargain and Sale inrolled, then the said further Duty shall not attach on either.

Note. — The Purchase or Consideration Money is to be truly expressed and set forth in Words at length, in or upon every such principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance.

And where any Lands or other Property, of different Tenures or Holdings, or held under different Titles, contracted to be sold at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed to the Purchaser in separate Parts or Parcels, by different Deeds or Instrument9, the Purchase or Consideration Money shall be divided and apportioned in such manner as the Parties shall think fit, so that a distinct Price or Consideration for each separate Part or Parcel may be set forth in or upon the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance relating thereto; which shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty in respect of the Price or Consideration Money therein set forth.

And where any Lands or other Property, contracted to be purchased by Two or more Persons jointly, or by any Person for himself and others, or wholly for others, at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed, in Parts or Parcels, by separate Deeds or Instruments, to the Persons for whom the same shall be purchased, for distinct Parts or Shares of the Purchase Money; the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, of each separate Part or Parcel, shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the Sum of Money therein specified as the Consideration for the fame. But if separate Parts or Parcels of such Lands or other Property shall be conveyed to or to the Use of or in Trust for different Persons, in and by one and the fame Deed or Instrument, then such Deed or Instrument shall be charged with 10

0 10 0

05 0

1 0 0

I XS 0

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 184. 51$

SCHEDULE, PART I.

CONVEYANCE —

the said act valorem Duty, in respe£fc of the aggregate Amount of the Purchase or Consideration Monies therein mentioned to be pajd cr agreed to be paid, for the Lands or Property thereby conveyed.

And where any Person, having contracted for the Purchase of any lLands or other Property, but not having obtained a Conveyance thereof, shall contract to fell to any other Person, and the same shall in consequence be conveyed immediately to the Shb Purchaser; the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the Purchase or Consideration Money therein mentioned to be paid, or agreed to be paid, by the Sub Purchaser.

And where any Person, having contracted for the Purchase of any Landis or other Property, but not having obtained a Conveyance thereof, shall contrail to fell the whole or any Part or Parts thereof, to any other Person or Persons, and the same shall in consequence be conveyed, by the original Seller, to different Person9, in Parts or Parcels; the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, of each Part or Parcel thereof, shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect only of the Purchase or Consideration Money which shall be therein mentioned to be paid or agreed to be paid for the same, by the Person or Persons, to whom or to whose Use or in Trust for whom the Conveyance shall be made, without regard to the Amount of the original Purchase Money.

And in all cases of such Sub Sales as aforesaid, the Sub Purchasers, and the Persons immediately felling to them, shall be deemed and taken to be the Purchasers ana Sellers, within the Intent and Meaning of the Provisions and Regulations of the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, relating to the ad valorem Duties on Conveyances on the Sale of Property thereby imposed, and which are to be observed and enforced with regard to the said act valorem Duties hereby granted.

But where any Sub Purchaser shall take an actual Conveyance, of the Interest of the Person immediately felling to him, which shall be chargeable with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the Purchase or Consideration Money paid or agreed to be paid by him, and shall be duly stamped accordingly\ any Deed or Instrument of Conveyance to be afterwards made to him, of the Property in question, by the original Seller, shall be exempted from the said act valorem Duty, and be charged only with the ordinary Duty on Deeds or Instruments of the same Kind npt upon a Sale.

And where any Lands or other Property separately contracted to be purchased of different Persons, at separate and distinct Prices, shall be conveyed to the Purchaser, or as he shall direct, in and by one and the fame Deed or Instrument; such Deed ot Instrument shall lie charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the aggregate Amount of the Purchase or Consideration Monies, therein mentioned to be paid or agreed to be paid for the same.

jUa

Duty.

/. d.

48 G. j. f. 149.

CONVEY AN^E-i-ciw/wwrf.

H 4*

And where any Lands, or other Property shall be sold and conveyed* in Consideration, wholly or in Part, of any Sum of Mon$y charged thereon by way of Mortgage, Wadset or otherwise, and then due and owing to the Purchaser, or shall be sold and conveyed, subject to any Mortgage, Wadset, Bond or other Debt, or to any gross or entire Sum of Money, to be afterwards paid by the Purchaser, such Sum of Money of Debt shall be deemed the Purchase or ConGderation Money, or Part of the Purchase or Consideration Money, as theeafe may \>ef in rest)eSt whereof the said act valorem Duty is to be paid.

And to prevent Doubts, respecting what shall be deemed the principal Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, in certain cases, it is hereby declared:

That where any Lands or Hereditaments, in England, shall be conveyed by Bargain and Safe inrolled, and also by Lease and Re-lease, or Ffeoffment witK or without any such Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained as aforesaid; the Release or Feoffment; shall be deemed the principal Deed; and the Bargain and Safe shall be charged only with the Duty hereby imposed on Deeds in general. — (See Deed.)-r-but the same shall not be inrolfed o, r be available, unfefe also stamped for testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty on the Release or Feoffment.

And where any Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed by Lease and Release, and also by Feofl&nent, with or without any such Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained as aforesaid; the Refeafe shall be deemed the principal Deed; and the Feoffment shall be charged ontv with the Duty hereby imposed on Deeds in general Deed). But the feme shall not

be available, unfeft also stamped for testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty on the Release

And where any Copyhold or Custornary Estate shall be conveyed, by a Deed of Bargain and Sale, by the Commissioners named in a Commission of Bankrupt, or by Executors or others, by virtue of a Power given by WiH, or by Act of Parliament, or otherwise, where a Surrender shall not be necessary, die Deed of Bargain and Sale shall be deemed the principal Instrument.

And in other cases of Copyhold or Customary Estates, the Surrender or Voluntary Grant, or the Memorandum thereof respectively, if made out of Court, or the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender or Voluntary Grant, if made in Court, shall be deemed the principal Instrument.

And Copies of Court Roll, made after the Thirty first Day of August 1815, of Surrenders and Voluntary Grants made in Court before or upon that Day, and subsequent to the 10th Day of October 1808, shall be charged with the said act valorem Duties. But Copies of CourfRoll, of Surrenders and Voluntary Grants made before or upon the loth Day of October 1808, shall not be liable thereto.

II

SCHEDULE, PART I- Duty.

CONVEY ANCE - — continued.

And Grants, and Copies of Court Roll of Grant*, of Copyhold or Customary Estates for a Life or lives, are to be charged, as well as these for any greater Interest* Aud where in Scotland there shall be a Dispositkm or Assignstfioa, executed by the Seller, and any other Eustrument or In ft foments, Writing or Writings, to complete the Title, die Dispo* fition or Assignatiott shall be deemed the principal Inftmment. And where, upon the Safe of any Annuity or other Right notbefore in ! Exijlence> the same shall not be created by sfc&nal Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract, or otherwise; the Bond or other Instruroent, by which the fame foatl be secured, or some one of such Instruments, if there be more than one, shall be deemed and taK?n to be liable to the same Duty, as, an actual Grant or Conveyance. And in the case of Leafea or Tacks, where a yearly Rent of 20l. or upwards shall he reserved, as Part of the Consideration for the fame, there shall he charged a further Duty \ — for which fee Title, L$ase, And where the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressiv* Duty of - And where there shall be Several Deeds, Inftrnraertf s or Writings for completing the Title to the Property fold; such of them as are not liable to the said act vatbrem Duty shall be charged with the Duty, to which the fame may be liable, under any I general or particular Description of such Deeds, Instruments or Writings contained in this Schedule. And where, in any case not hereby eatpressly provided fory of federal Deeds, Instruments or Writings, a Doubt shall a rife which is the Principal, it shall be lawful for the Parties to determine for themfirtves which shall be so deemed* and to pay the said act valorem Duty thereon accordingly -y and* if necessary, the other Deeds, Instruments or Writings, on which the Doubt shall have arisen, shall be damped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Dtity $. upon all the Deeds or Instruments being produced, and appearing to be duly damped in other respects. And where there shall be Duplicates of any Deed or Instruments chargeable with the said act valorem Duty, exceeding al. one of them only shall be charged therewith, and the other or others shall be charged with the ordinary Duty on Deeds or Instruments of the same Kind not upon a Sale; and on the whole being produced duly stamped as hereby required, the latter shall also be stamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty, And where any Deed or Indrucnent, operating as a Conveyance on the Sale of any Property, shall operate also as a Conveyance of apy other than the Property sold by way of Settlement, I 0 0

c. 184.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

CONVEY ANCE — continued.

£.

or for any other Purpose, or shall also contain any other Matter or Thing besides what shall be incident to the Sale and Conveyance of the Property fold, or relate to the Title thereto; every such Deed or Instrument shall be charged, in addition to the Duty to which it shall be liable as a Conveyance on the Sale of Property, and to any progressive Duty to which it may also be liable, with such further Stamp Duty as any separate Deed, containing the other Matter, would have been chargeable with, exclusive of the progressive Duty.

Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Conveyances upon the Sale of Lands, tsV.

All Surrenders and other Instruments, relating only to Copyhold or Cufomary Estates, % vhofe clear yearly Value shall not exceed Twenty Shillings, but which are herein after otherwise charged.

All Transfers of Shares in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the South Sea and East India Companies; but which are herein after otherwise charged.

All Leases and Tacks in Consideration of a Fine or Grajfum, for a Life or Lives not exceeding Three, or for a Term of Tears determinable with a Life or Lives not exceeding Three, by whomsoever granted.

All Leases in Consideration of a Fine for a Term absolute, not exceeding Twenty-one Tears, granted by EccUftaJlical Corporations, Aggregate or Sole

And all voluntary Grants made by the Lord or Lady of any Manor of any Copyhold, or Cufomary Lands or Hereditaments for a Life or Lives for a pecuniary Consideration, and the Copies of Court Roll of such voluntary Grants.

All which Leases, Tacks, Grants and Copies are herein after charged with ordinary Duty.

Conveyances of Rents purchased under the Act of the 34 th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 75.* for the better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, upon subsequent Sales thereof by the Purchasers or their Heirs or Assigns, to the Owners of the Lands or other Hereditaments, out of which the same are payable; where the Consideration Money to be paid on such subsequent Sales shall not exceed the Sum of 10l.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Transfers of Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds.

For other Exemptions, fee the Titles, Grant, Lease, and at the End of this Part of the Schedule*

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, except the Duty on the Receipt for the Consideration Money.

A-B.i8.i5' 55°' GEORGII III. C. 184.

CONVEYANCE of Lands and Rents belonging to The Crown. —

- See Grant.

Duty.

d.

CONVEYANCE of any Estate or Property, in Trust for Sale, which shall be intended only as a Security for Money or Stock. — See Mortgage.

CONVEYANCE of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion of Lands or other Property, to a Purchaser, in the fame Deed with a Mortgage, Wadset or other Security made thereupon. —

- See Mortgage.

CONVEY ANCE of any Kind whatever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from aH Stamp Duty -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

1 ij o

1 $ 0

COPY, attested to be a true Copy, in the Form which hath been commonly used for that Purpose, or in any other manner authenticated or declared to be a true Copy, or made for the Purpose of being given in Evidence as a true Copy, of any Agreement, Contract, Bond, Deed or other Instrument of Conveyance, or any other Deed whatever, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, or of any Part thereof respectively 5

Where such a Copy shall be made for the Security or Use of any Person, being a Party to, or taking any Benefit or Interest immediately under such Agreement, Contra&, Bond, Deed or other Instrument -

And where any such Copy shall be made, for the Security or Use of any Person, not being a Party to, or taking any Benefit or Interest immediately, under such Agreement, Contract, Bond, Deed or other Instrument -

And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words contained therein, over and above the first 720 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

And all Copies, which shall at any time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpose.

}The same Duty or Duties as for the original Instrument,

O I O

OlO

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Copies attefied or authenticated as aforesaid, which frail be made. for the Private Use only of any Person having the Custody of the Original Instruments> or of his or her Counsel, Attorney or Solicitor.

COPY, attested or authenticated as aforesaid, or made for the Purpose of being given in Evidence as a true Copy of any original Will, Testament or Codicil 5 or of the Probate or Probate Copy of any Will or Codicil; or of any Letters of Administration \ or of any Confirmation of a Testament Testamentary or Dative, or of any Part thereof respectively And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words, contained in any such 1 Copy, over and above the first 720 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

And all Cfopies which shall at any time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpose.

010

010

5*9

5*0 Q.1&4-

C. 1&4. GEORGII III. AJ3.

1 SCHEDULE, PART L Duty.

Office COPY or Extra# of any Will or Codicil, deposited in any Eccfefiafticfcl Court in England - And for every entire Quantity of 50 Word ^contained fa fad1.Copy or Extra#, over and above the first 90 Words, a farthernr rv r*jC. t. i. 010

progressive Duty or COPY or Extra# of any Memorial, or of the Register of any Memorial, registered pursuant to any Act of Parliament, made or to be made, for, 0 1 O

the Public Registering of Deeds and Conveyances in England And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extra# shall be written, after the First, a 0 j 0

further progressive Duty of - - - COPY or Extra# of any Deed, or of any other Inftrament net falling under the Description of Law Proceedings which shall be made or taken from*5 0

the Rolls or Records of any of His Majesty's Courts at Wejbewfter And for every Piece of VeJlum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extra# shall be written, after the first, a 030

further progrrffve Duty of Attested COPY or Extra#, of any Deed, Instrument or Writing, given out from any Public Register, or from the Books or Records of any Court .0 2

in Scotland, and not otherwise charged under the Head of Law Proceedings And where the same shall contain more than 600 Words, then for every entire Quantity of 600 Woixls contained therein, over 0 2 6

and, above the first 60a Words, a further prvgrtfive. Duty of And for any left Quantity of Words contained therein, over and above the first 600 Words, or over and above any Second, Third or other full Quantity of 600 Words, a further 02 6

Duty of - Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Certified Copies of Proceedings and Interlocutors required or authorised in cases of Appeal to the House of Lords. Copies or ExtraEls of Protests, upon Bills or PromiJJbry Notes, for any Sum under Forty Shillings Sterling. Extraffs of Commissions of Persons as Delegates or Representatives to the General Assembly, or to any Presbytery or Church Court, in Scotland; and of Commissions of Delegates to the Convention of Royal Burghs; and of Commissions of Delegates from any Royal Burgh for tbs EleElioti (f Members of Parliament. COPYHOLD Estates; and Customary Estates, passing by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and not by Deed; Instruments relating thereto, not otherwise charged under the Head of Mortgage, or (f Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands; viz. Any Surrender made out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof; where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty 0 2 6 i

Shillings - Ana where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings - See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, and Mortgage. I '© 0 0 5 0

A.D. 1815.

55 GEORGII III.

C. 184. 52

SCHEDULE, PART I.

COPYHOLD — continued.

Any Admittance out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof; where the clear yearly Value of the Ellate shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings And where both a Surrender and Admittance, or more than one Surrender or Admittance, or the Memorandum thereof, shall be contained in the fame Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whether upon a Sale, Mortgage or other Occasion, the proper Duty shall be paid, in respect to each Surrender and each Admittance.

And where any Surrender or Admittance, or the Memorandum thereof, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indoifed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

The Copt of Court Roll of any Surrender made in Court; where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, &c. and Mortgage.

The Copy of Court Roll of any Admittance in Court; where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings And where Copies of both a Surrender and Admittance, or of more than one Surrender or Admittance, shall be contained in the fame Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whether upon a Sale, Mortgage or other Occasion, the proper Duty shall be paid, in respect of each Surrender and each Admittance, except in the case of a Recovery herein after provided for.

And where the Copy of any such Surrender or Admittance, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words.contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further pTogressive Duty of

The Copy of Court Roll of the several Surrenders, Admittances and other Acts, which shall take place in Court, for the Purpose of perfecting a Common Recovery of any entailed Copyhold or Customary Estate or Estates, Tenement or Tenements, from the Surrender to make a Tenant of the Prrccipe, down to the Admittance of the Tenant in Tail, in Fee, or to the Admittance for Life of the former Tenant for Life, with Remainder to the Tenant in Tail, in Fee, upon the Surrender of the Demandant, both inclusive; or from the Surrender to make a Tenant to the Prxcipe, inclusive, to the Admittance of the Tenant in Tail, or Tenant for Life, otherwise than as aforesaid, or to the Admittance of any other Person, upon the Surrender of the Demandant, exclusive; where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings -

Duty.

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

£. s. d.

1 0 0

0 5 0

1

o

o

5

o

o

o

o

SS Geo. III.

Five Times 1 o o Five Times 050

5*» C. 184. 4ff GEO. Qi; HI. A.?>.rfi£

SCHEDULE, PART I. : . : , C. , 'Duty.

CO P Y HOLD — continued.

And if the Copy of Court Rott of any other Admittance dt! Surrender, Admittance's Or* Surrenders, shall be contained in the fame Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with the Copy of Court Roll of the fereral Surrenders, Admittances and other: Acts for the Purpose aforesaid; the same shall be chatted with such and tho same Duty or Duties, as if the fame had been written upon a fepafate Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Papery over and above the said Duties hereby imposed on the Copy of Court Roll of the Recovery.

Any Voluntahy Gran*t by the Lord or Lardy, or Steward^ of any Manor, made out' of Court; or the Memorandum thereof, with tff without Admittance thereon; where the clear* yearly Vaike of the^Estate (half exceed Twenty Shillings -

And trhere the fame-shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

See also Conveyance upon the Sal* of Lands, &tc- and Mortgage*

The Copy of Court Roll of any Voluntary Grawt made in Court, by the Lord or Lady, or Steward of any Manor with or without Admittance thereon; — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings -

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, (gc. and Mortgage.

And where any Voluntary Gtant, or the Memorandum, or Copy of Court Roll thereof, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed. thereony or annexed thereto, shall contain o Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of F, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the Firlfc 1, 080 Woardtf, a further prvgrejtve Duty of

Any Licence to demise, or the Memorandum thereof, if granted out of Court; and the Copy of Court Roll of any Licence to demise, if granted in Court; where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings -

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

Exemptions from the preceding and alt other Stamp Duties.

Original Surrenders out of Court, and Copies of Court Roll of Surrenders in Court, to the Uses of a Willy or to a Triflee for the life's or Purposes of a Will, j: - }>' j .*,

The Court Rolls', or Bdoks of any Manor, wherein the Proceedings relating thereto Jhalf be entered or minuted.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

' M

DEBENTURE or CERTIFICATE for entitling any Person to receive any

Drawback of jany Duty or Dutie^ of Patt* of any DiKy oV Dhtics of

Customs or Eiccife, or any Bounty, payable out of the Revenue of

Customs Or Eitifej for or in respefil of hrty Good^ Wares or Mer-; 6 >v'*

/ dm

Twice I o: c Twice.o 5 0

Twice 1 o o Twice o 5^0;

v l

1

o

o

5

o

o

A3). <615. 55* GSTORXKI1 W. 7 f^ C. 1^4.

SCHEDULE, PART I. ..... Duty. j1 —

5*3

DEBENTURE — continued,

chancUze exported or shipped to he exported from Great Britain.to any Part beyond the Seas;

If the fame not enoeed ioql.

If the same shall exceed 100l. and not exceed $©ol.

If the same shall exceed 200l. and not exceed 500l.

If the fame fhatf exceed 5&0L -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties

All Debentures or Certificates for Bounty, .which were heretofore exempted % from Stamp Duty by any All or A his of Parliament, granting a Bounty, on the Exportation.of Linens.or Sail Cloth* 4

DECLARATION of any Use or Trail, Uses or Trulls, of or concerning1 any Ellate or Property, Real or Personal, where made by any Writing not being a Deed or Will, nor other wise charged in this Schedule

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, ! 60 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of i9o8o.Wocd6 contained therein, over and above-the. first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of If made by Deed. — See Deed

DEED, whereby any real Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or' Heritable Subjects in ScotlandMortgage, Disposition.

DEED containing an Obligation to infeft any Person, in Heritable Subject in Scotland, under a Clause of Reversion, as a Seouoity for Money, hut without any personal Bond or Obligation therein for Payment of the Money intended to be secured. — Bee Mortgage.

DEED of any Kind whatever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor pressly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

And where the fpme, together with any Schedule, Receipt or I other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

DEFEAZANCE. — Deed, or other Inllvument of Defeasance, of any Conveyance, Disposition, Assignarion or Tack, apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security for Money or Stock. — See Mortgage. '

DEPUTATION by the Commissioners of Excise. — See Commission.

DEPUTATION or Appointment.of Jt Gamekeeper - -H

DISCHARGE for Money--"-See R&chu>t.

DISPENSATION for holding Two Eeclefiastical Dignities or Bepe£ce&*pr2 Dignity and a Benefice, in fipgfandi whare^ither, of thepa shall be above the yearly Value; of '^eo. Pg^do ia iXhe JC^ -

And in all other cases -

3X2

*e. d.

O 5 O

iO O

I O O

Z O O

i5 o

1 .5 0

1 15 o

I 5 o

15 JO

40

*S

o

o

o

o

DISPENSATION of any other Kind, from the Archbishop of Canterbury*or.£.

the Master of the Faculties, for the time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritualties during a Vacancy of the Archbishop's See - 40

y.; d< o o

DISPOSITION of Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland to singular Successors or Purchasers. — See Conveyance.

DISPOSITION of Lands or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland, to a Purchaser, containing a Clause, declaring all or any Part of the Purchase Money, a real Burden upon or affecting the Lands or Heritable Subjects thereby disponed, or any Part thereof;

Such Disposition shall be charged, not only with the ad valorem and progressive Duties hereinbefore charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland, but also with the ad valorem Duty herein after charged on any Deed creating a real Burden on Lands in Scotland. —

- See Conveyance, Mortgage.

DISPOSITION in Security, in Scotland. — See Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Wadset, Heritable Bond, &c. — See Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Lands or other Property, Heritable or Moveable, in Scotland, or of any Right or Interest therein, not otherwise charged in this Schedule -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain a, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, ovejr and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

DOCQUET, made on passing under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, any Grant, Letters Paf£nt, Exemplification, Constat, or other Instrument, requiring a Docquet -

DONATION, by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any other Patron,

Of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards in The King's Books -

Of any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in England -

DRAFT for Money. — See Bill of Exchange.

E1K to a Reversion. — See Mortgage.

EXCHANGE — Any Deed, whereby any Lands or other Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects in England or Scotland shall be conveyed, or any Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments in England shall be covenanted to be surrendered, in Exchange for other Lands or Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects;

If no Sum of Money, or only a Sum under 300l. shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange; the ordinary Duty of -

5

1 1 j o

1 5 0

o 2 o

20 0 0

to 0 0

I 15 o

A.DU3»$. 55*1 GEORGXI' III.- .G.184.

EXCH AN GE — continued.

And if a Sum of 300l. or upwards shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange -

And where any such Deed of Exchange, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards* then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of,

If the Deed be liable, in the first Instance, to a Duty of il. 15$.

Or if liable to a higher Duty in the first Instance

And any Duplicate of any such Deed of Exchange shall be charged with the same Duty or Duties; and if the Exchange shall be effected or secured by separate Conveyances or Covenants, by distinct Deeds, each Deed shall be charged with the same Duty or Duties.

And in case there shall be more than one Deed for completing the Title to the Lands or other Hereditaments Or Heritable Sub-iefts conveyed by either Party, the principal Deed only shall be charged under this Head of Exchange 5 and any subordinate or collateral Deed shall be charged with the Duty to which it may be liable under any other Description in this Schedule.

\ s.; d.

The fame ad vilorea Duty as for a Conveyance on the Soft) of Lands for a Sum of Money equal to the Sum f<\ paid or w agreed to he paid.

s

o

o

o

EXEMPLIFICATION or Constat, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of any Letters Patent or Grant, made or to be made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, or of any Lands, Office or other Thing what foe ver;

For every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Exemplification or Constat shall be written -

EXTRACTS from Registers and Records in England and Scotland. —

- See Copy.

FACTORY, in the Nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland. —

- See Letter of Attorney.

FACULTY, Licence or Commission, for admitting or authorizing any Person to act as a Notary Public in England - - - 30 0 1 i O

FACULTY, Licence or Commission, for admitting or authorizing any Person to act as a Notary Public in Scotland - - r ' 20 O 1 i O

FACULTY from the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Matter of The Faculties for the time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritual-" ties during a Vacancy of the Archbishop's See, not othervuife Charged - 3* 0 0

FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in England, upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof. — See Conveyance — Mortgage'Jk I 1

5 o o

f 1

C. 1S4. 55° GEORGII III.., - u? D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, TART I. Duty.

FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in England, not dthtmnfe charged 4. V. ! 1 .s 15 9

And where the same shall contain any Letter or Letters of Attorney, to deliver or receive Seisin, a further Duty of - -! 1 15 0 j

Ana wnete rne lame, togeiner wirn any lucn l^uer or l^euers or Attorney, and any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put x or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160

Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first j>p8.o Words, a further frogrejpve Duty of

FURTHER CHARGRwSue Mortgage.

GIFT of Ultimus Baftandy, lEicheat or Forfeiture, in Bc&lmd.- —

-See Grant,

GIFT of the vacant Stipend of any Parish in Scotland, whereof the Pr.efco-tation to the Church shall belong to The Crown --,

GRANT or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Seal of the Duchy or County palatine of Laficcijler, or under the Seal Icept and used in Scotlajid, in Place of the ! Great Seal formerly used there;

Of the Honour or Dignity of a Duke

- of a Marquis -

- of an Eatl -

- of a Viscount

- of a Bajoja.*-

- of a Baronet -

Of a Conge dyElite, to any Dean and Chapter, iur the Efaflion of an Archbishop or Bishop -

Of the Royal Assent to or Signification of the Election made by any Dean and Chapter, or of the Nomination and Presentation by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in default of such Election, of any Porfon to be an Archbishop or fiifbop Of or for the Restitution of the Temporalties to any Arqhbishop or Bishop -

Of any other Honour, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever, or of any Frauchife, Liberty or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate

And where Two or more Honours or Dignities ftiailbe granted by 1 the fame Letters Patent to the same Person, such Letters Patent shall be charged with the proper Duty in mfpe& of the highest in point of rank only.

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, shall be granted to any Person or JPerifbiis, in remainder, ftheLetters 1 Patent shall be charged with such ftutJher Duty, in respect of every Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the fame Honour or Dignity, Honours or 1 Dignities. f

And where any &rh Grant «r Letters Patent? Aall^be contained m more than One Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment^ or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet or Piece thereof, after the Aril, a further progressive Duty of

1 5 o

l IO'0

350 0 0

390 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

JJP 0 0

IOO 0 0

0 0

3° 0 0

30 0 0

3° 0 , 0

ao

SCHEDULE, PART L

- 7 i ^-t'-.-i 1 11

GRANT — continued.

Exe?nhtiotufrem^ the preceding and all other §tennp)Dsffee.

of Rebellion mP»*uefok

Letters PaHettt or Brieffar colkQirtg Charitable Benevolences.

Letters Patent for conforming any Difeenfation hereinbefore' charged with a Duty.

Letters Patent appointing Sheriffs in England, and the Writjr of AJJijiancaaccompanying fttch Letters Pattnt % ' ,

GRANT, or Warrtmt of Precedence to take Rank among Nobility, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeuors -

GRANT or Licenceunder the Sign Manual, to take and use a-Surname and Arms, or a Surname only, in compliance with the Iniun&ions of any Will or Settlement -

GRANT or Licence under* the Sign Manual, to take and use arSurname and

Arms, or a Surname only, upon any voluntary Application

1; ' '1

GRANT of Arms or Armorial Enfigjis only, under the Sign Martudy or by any of the King! of Arms of.England or Scotland -

GR ANT, Lease or Tack, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Seal of the Exchequer in England, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancefoer, or the Seal kept and used in Scotland, in place of the Great Seal formerly used there v or Under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scrjtlandy imless directed to the Great Seal; or under the Royal Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, unlofo directed to any of the Seals aforesaid;

Of any Lands, Tertehilents, Hereditaments or HeritableSubjects, whatever the Tenure thereof may be, which haveor shall c&trtt to His Majesty* his Heirs or Successors; by Escheat or Potfti-turey or as Ultimas Haresy or by reason of the fame being pirr-i chafed by or for any Alien g or which His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, is or shall be otherwise entitled1 to, in Right of Hie Crown, and be.authorized to dispose of, abjblutelyy2 % he or they shall think fit; whether such Grant, Lease or Tack, shall be in Pee or Fee Tail, or for Term of Life or Years;

Or of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster, or belonging to The

Crown in Seottandy whiefeof His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; is or shall be authorized* to make only certain limited

1 Grants^ Leases or Tacks; whether such Gfrant, Lease or

Tack, shall be for Term of Life or Years;

Or of any Goods, Chattel*, or Perianal or Moveable Estate, or other Profit, whereof the Grant is not otherwise charged in this Schedule; 1'1

Where such Grant, Loafe or Tack, shall W intended to operate in any Degree* as a Gift, except in the cases need herein after tnentior^edy then for every Skin, Sheet* or Piece of Vellum, Parchnhept jor Paper, .upon which the fame Avail be written, A Duty a.'^' m \*m*

IOO O O

50 o o

10 p a

' w> o o

Duty.

J?.|T

4*5 Ann. c. 14.

30 O O

528. c. 184.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18815*

19 G. 3. C. 4J. i 10.

GRANT — continued.

And wher$ any such Grant, Lease or Tack, operating as a Gift, shall be of Lands or other Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, veste({ in His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Escheat or as JJltimus Hares > for want of Heirs of any Person, who was aj bare Trustee thereof, or seized into the Hands of The Crown upon any Outlawry, in a Civil Action, at the Suit of any of His Majesty's Subjects -

And if any such Grant, Lease or Tack, charged with a Duty of £\m 15s, together with any Schedule, Receipt or £ther Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

And where any such Grant, Lease or Tack, shall be made for what shall be deemed and intended as a full and adequate Con-Jideration for the fame, either in Money paid at once, or in Rent, or in Lands or Hereditaments given in Exchange, or otherwise -

GRANT, or Conveyance, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancafcry made in pursuance of the Act passed in the 19th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 45, for enabling the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy, to fell certain Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, except the Duty on the Receipt for the Consideration Money.

All Grants and Conveyances under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, made in pursuance of the said A El of the 19 th Year of His Majesty's Reign f where the Confederation Money paidfor the fame fall not exceed J o/.

GRANT, Lease or other Conveyance, from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Personal Estate, being respectively the Private Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and subject to His or their absolute Disposal, by virtue of the Act passed in the 40th (a) Year of His Majesty's Reign, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of Isis Majesty, his Heirs or Successors [a) [39 U 40 G. 3. c. 88.

GRANT under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the JSeal kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal formerly used there; or under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scotland, unless directed to the Great Seal 5 or under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, unless directed to any of the Seals aforesaid; out of the Civil List, either of England or Scotland, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament \

Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money,

Not amounting to 100l.

Amounting to xool. and not amounting to 250l.

d.

lS

f The same Duty as on I a Grant, Lease or I Tack of the like Dc-S feription, made by 1 any of His Ma L jessy's Subjects. f TheJam: Duty as for

Jany other Convey ance upon the Sale of n any Property for a Cotfderation of tL like Amount.

wSee Conveyance.

1

The same Duty as ou a Gratify Left or Conveyance of th like Description, fr?m any of His Majesty's Su/jrfls.

t IO

4 o

o

o

Duty.

£. sJ J.

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

5 0 0

I 10 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

3° 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

1 10 0

a

SCHEDULE, PART I.

GRANT — ftftinutd.

Amounting to 35©!. and Hot amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500L and not amounting to 750l.

Amounting to 750l. and not amounting to i, ooool.

Amounting to, ooool. or upwards j for every iool. thereof Or of any Annuity or Penfton,

Not amounting to iool. per Annum -

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200l. per Annum Amounting to 200l. and not amounting to 400l. per Annum Amounting to 400l. and not amounting to 600l. per Annum Amounting to 6ool. and not amounting to 8col. per Annum'Amounting to 800l. and not amounting to i, ooool. per Annum Amounting to i, ooool. per Annum or upwards -

But where any such Grant of an Annuity or Pension shall be made in Confirmation or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of -

And where several anddiftinct Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the fame Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the whole.

GRANT, or Appointment by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by awy other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, of or to any 'Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed or other Writing;

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto, shall not amount to 50l. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 2001.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300l.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amountto 500l. per Annum -

f And where the same shall amountto 500L and not amountto 750L per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 7 jol. and not amount to i, ooool.

per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 1, 5001. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to 2, cool, per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 2, 000l. and not amount to

3, ooool. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 3, 0001. per Anntim or upwards -

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for Three Years preceding, where.practicable; and in other cases, according to the best Information that can be obtained

55 Geo. III. 3 Y

2 O O

4 O O

C O O

' 12 O O

*5 O O

35 O'O

5° O O

75 O O

100 O O

150 O O

2CQ O O

C. i 84*

5^ GEORGII III.

' A.D. 1815.

schedule, PART I.

GR ANT — continued.

Duty.

i. d.

And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to or of Two ormore Persons jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the same shall be charged with a separate and distinct Duty, in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged, in respect of any Person to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment thereof, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on such former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person, shall be in any manner augmented$ and in that case, a Duty shall be charged, in respect of such Person, only in Proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation.

GRANT by Copy of Court Roll. — See Conveyance, Copyhold.

GRANT upon the Sale of any Property not belonging to The Crown.

- See Conveyance.

HERITABLE BOND. — See Bond, Mortgage.

INSTITUTION, granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or by any Ecclesiastical Court, in and to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion, in England;

Where the same shall proceed upon a Presentation And where it shall proceed upon the Petition of the Patron to be, himself admitted and instituted 5 if the Benefice, Dignity or Promotion, shall be of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards in The King's Books -

Or if the same shall be of any other Description

But such Petition shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

INSTITUTION, by any Presbyteryor other competent Authority, to Ecclesiastical Benefices in Scotland. — See Collation.

INVENTORY. — See Schedule.

2 0 0

30 o o

15 o

LAND TAX. Instruments relating to the Redemption and Sale thereof. — See the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, &c. belonging to His Majesty, in Right of The Crown, or otherwise. — See Grant.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, &c. not belonging to His Majesty, viz.

LEASE (or Bargain and Sale) fora Year. — See Bargain and SALE.

I.EASE or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects, granted in Consideration of a Sum of Money by way of Fine, Premium or Graflum, paid for the same, without any yearly Rent, or with any yearly Rent, under 20l.

15

{The same Duty as for the Conveyance on the Sale of Lands for a Sum of Money of the fame Amount.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

LEASE — continued.

{Save and except I^eases and Tacks for a Life or Lives not exceeding Three, or for a Term of Tears determinable with a Life or Lives not exceeding Three, by whomsoever granted, and Leases for a Term absolute not exceeding Twenty one Tears, granted by Ecclesiastical Corporations, Aggregate or Sole.)

LEASE or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects, at a yearly Rent, without any Sum of Money by way of Fine, Premium or Graffum, paid for the same;

Where the Yearly Rent shall not amount to ?ol.

And where the same shall amount to 2ol.and not amount to fool.

And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200l.

And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 400l.

And where the same shall amount to 4C0l. and not amount to 600l.

And where the same shall amount to 600l. and not amount to 800l.

And where the same shall amount to 800l. and not amount to i, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to i, ooool. or upwards

LEASE or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects, granted in Consideration of a Sum of Money by way of Fine, Premium or Graffum, and also of a yearly Rent amounting to 20l. or upwards

{Save and except the Leases and Tacks hereinbefore excepted.)

LEASE, or Tack of any Kind, not otherwise charged in this Schedule

And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any Lease or Tack, hereby charged with a Duty not exceeding il.

And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any other Lease or Tack whatsoever -

And where any such Lease or Tack, Counterpart or Duplicate as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the firtl 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties,

Leases cr Tacks of wajle or uncultivated Lands to any poor or labouring PerJ'onsy for any Term not exceeding Three Lives, or Ninety nine Tears, where the Fine shall not exceed Five Shillings, nor the reserved Rent One Guinea per Annum; and the Counterparts or Duplicates of all such Leases,

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Marine or Soldier serving as a Marine, or by the Executors or Admi-nillrators of any such Person, for receiving Prize Money

and for receiving Wages

LETTER of Attorney for the Sale, Transfer, Acceptance or Receipt of Dividends, of any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds -

3Y 2

Duty.

jp.

s.

d.

1

1

2

3

4

5

6

10

o

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

'Both the ad valorem Duties payable for a Lease in Confi deration of a Fine only, and for Lease in Consideration of a Rent only, of the fame Amount,

I 15 O

}The like Duty as on the Lease or Tack.

IO

I

1 o

o o

55° GEORGII, III

532 C. 4, 84*

A.Dl. 18*5.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

LETTER or Power of Attorney, of any other Kind, or Commission or Factory in the Nature thereof -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

df.

I

Duty.

IO

o

d.

o

o

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Letters of Attorney for the Receipt of Dividends of any definite and certain Share of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, producing a yearly Dividend of less than Three Pounds.

LETTER of Licence from Creditors to a Debtor -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 08 D Words contained therein, over and above the First 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

LETTERS of Marque and Reprisal -

LETTERS Patent. — See Grant.

1 15 o

1 j o

500

LETTER of REVERSION, in Scotland. — See Mortgage.

LICENCE for Marriage, in England, if Special - -if not Special

500 o 10 o

43 g. 3. c. 84. fee §19.

LICENCE to be granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Vicar General, or other competent Authority, in England, for the Non Residence of any Clergyman upon his Living, pursuant to the Act of the 43d Year of His Majesty's Reign % -

LICENCE of any Kind, not other wise charged in this Schedule, which shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court in England, or which shall be granted by any Presbytery, or other Ecclesiastical Power, in Scotland

IOO

oo

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Licences to Stipendiary Curates in England, wherein the Annual Amount of the Stipend shall be specified; and Licences for the Non Residence of Clergymen upon their Livings; where granted on the Ground of there being no House or no fit House of Residence thereon.

LICENCE to use and exercise the Calling or Occupation of an Appraiser To be taken out yearly9 by every Person who shall exercise the said Calling or Occupation, or make any Appraisement or Valuation, hereinbefore charged with a Duty, for or in Expectation of any Gain, Fee or Reward, except licensed AuElioneers.

LICENCE to be taken out yearly by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons who shall issue any Promissory Notes for Money payable to the Bearer on Demand, and allowed to be re-issued

4

010 o

30 o o

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

LICENCE to be taken out yearly for using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, within the Cities of London and Westminster> or j£. x. d\

within the Limits of the Two Penny Post - And for using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker 6 O

elsewhere -LICENCE to exercise the Faculty of Physic. — See Admission. LICENCE to act as a Notary Public. — See Faculty. LICENCE to demise Copyhold Lands.- — See Copyhold. MARRIAGE LICENCE. — See Licence. MATRICULATION in the Universities. — See Admission. 7 10 0

MEMORIAL to be registered pursuant to any Act of Parliament, made or to be made for the Public registering of Deeds and Conveyances in England.- - 0100

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of ... 0100

MEMORIAL to be registered or inrolled pursuant to Act of Parliament, of any Deed or Instrument, Deeds or Instruments, whereby any Annuity shall be granted or secured in England - 1 0 0

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of MORTGAGE, Conditional Surrender by way of Mortgage, Further Charge, Wadset and Heritable Bond; Disposition, Assignation or Tack, in Security; and Eik to a Reversion; of or affecting any Lands, Estate or Property, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable what foe ver; Also any Deed containing an Obligation to infeft any Person in an Annual Rent, or in Lands or other Heritable Subjects, in Scotland, under a Clause of Reversion, but without any Personal Bond or Obligation therein contained, for Payment of the Money or Stock intended to be secured. Also any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate or Property whatsoever, in Trull, to be sold or otherwise converted into Money, which shall be intended only as a Security, and shall be redeemable before the Sale or other Disposal thereof, either by express Stipulation or otherwise; except where such ConveyanceJball be made for the Benefit of Creditors generally, or for the Benefit of Creditors specified, who shall accept the Provision made for Payment of their Debts in full Satisfaction thereof or who shall exceed Five in Number; Also any Defeazance, Letter of Reversion, Back Bond, Declaration, or other Deed or Writing for defeating or making redeemable, or explaining or qualifying any Conveyance, Disposition, Assignation or Tack, of any Lands, Estate or Property whatsoever, which shall be apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security; Also any Agreement, Contract or Bond, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds for making a Mortgage, Wadset or 100

SCHEDULE, PART I.

MORTGAGE — continued.

any such other Security or Conveyance as aforesaid, of any Lands, Estate or Property, comprised in such Title Deeds, or for pledging or chargingjthe fame as a Security 5

And also any Deed, whereby a real Borden shall be declared or created on Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland:

Where the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money, advanced or lent at the time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable,

Not exceeding 50l.

Exceeding 50l. and not exceeding 100l.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 2©ol.

Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 300l.

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 500L and not exceeding j, ooool.

Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exeeding 3, 0001.

Exceeding 3, 0001. and not exceeding 4, ooool.

Exceeding 4, ooool. and not exceeding 5, 0001.

Exceeding 5, 9001. and not exceeding 10, 000l.

Exceeding 10, 000l. and not exceeding 15, 0001.

Exceeding 15, 0001. and not exceeding 20, ooooI.

Exceeding 2o, ooool.

And where the fame respectively shall be made as a Security for the Repayment of Money, to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the case may be; other than and except any Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced for the Insurance of any Property comprized in such Mortgage or Security against Damage by Fire, or to be advanced for the Insurance of any Life or Lives, pursuant to any Agreement in any Deed, whereby any Annuity shall be granted or securedfor such Life or Lives /

If the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit -

But if the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum -

And where the fame respectively shall he made, as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, in Consideration of Stock or Money advanced or lent at the time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable - m

Duty.

£. s. d.

I O 0

I IO 0

2 O 0

3 O 0

4 O 0

5 O 0

6 O 0

7 0 0

8 0 0

9 0 0

12 0 0

15 0 p

20 0 0

25 0 0

25 o o

{The same Duty as on a Mortgage or Wad-set for such limited Sum.

The same Duty as on a Mortgage or Wad' fetJor a Sum of Money, equal to the Va lue of the Stock or Fund secured\ according to the ave-j rage Price thereof on the Day of the Date of the Mort* gage or other Instrument aforesaid, or on either of the Ten Days preceding.

C. 184.

SCHEDULE, PART L Duty.

MORTGAGE — continued* r. d*

And where the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also for the Transfer or Retransfer of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each. And in case the fame respe£Hyely shall be made, as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Pqrfons, of separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the said Stocks or Funds \ the said act valorem Duty shall be charged for and in respect of each separate and diflindl Sum of Money, or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein specified and secured, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof. And where any such Mortgage or Wadset, or other Instrument hereby charged with the same Duty as a Mortgage or Wadset, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of - ICC

MORTGAGE, &c. — Any Transfer or Alignment, Disposition or Assigna-tion, of any Mortgage or Wadset, or of any such other Security as aforesaid, or of the Benefit thereof, and of the Money or Stock thereby secured, in all cases where the Person entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion shall not be made a Party to such Transferor Assignment, Disposition or Assignation; and also where the Person who originally made the Mortgage, Wadset or other Security, shall continue entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, and shall be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation; provided no further Sum of Money or Stock be added to the principal Money or Stock already secured - 1 15 0

And in all other cases such Transferor Asignment, Disposition ov Assignation, shall be charged with - And where any such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, hereby charged with a Duty of 15$. together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above me first 1, 080 Words, a further and progressive Duty of r The same Duty or Duties as an ori-\ ginal Mortgage, Wadset or other^Security. 150

Provided always, that where several distintt Deeds or Instruments, falling within the Description of any of the Instruments hereby charged with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages and Wadfets, shall be made at the same time, for securing the Payment or Transfer of one and the same Sum of Money; or one and the fame Share of any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned; the said act valorem Duty, if exceeding £ % . shall be charged only on one of such Deeds or Instruments; and all the rest shall be charged with the Duty to which the fame may be liable, under any. more general.

-536 tii84.

g$° Georgii III.

Alt). i$i£.

VMiU

SCHEDULE, PART I.

MO RT G AG£ — continued.

Jt, s) d-

4*0.3 c. 14.;

I

44 O. 3 c. 98.

Description* of such Deeds or Instruments contained in this Schedule; and if required for the fake of Evidence, all the rest of such Deeds or Instruments shall be also stamped with some particular Stamp, for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty, on all the said Deeds or Instruments being produced duly stamped with the Duties hereby charged thereon.

And where any Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments shall be mortgaged, by means of a conditional Surrender or Grant; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged on the Surrender or Grant, or the Memorandum thereof, if made out of Court; or on the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender or Grant, if made in Court. And Copies of Court Roll, made after the 31st Day of August 1815, of Surrenders and Grants made in Court before or upon that Day, and subsequent to the 10th Day of October 1808, shall be charged with the said act valorem Duties. But Copies of Court Roll, of Surrenders and Grants made before or upon the 10th Day of October 1808, shall not be liable thereto.

And where any Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments shall be mortgaged, or charged, together with other Property, for securing one and the same Sum of Money, or one and the fame Share of any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged on the Deed or Instrument relating to the other Property.

And where there shall be Duplicates of any Deed or Instrument, chargeable with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages and Wadfets, exceeding £2. one of them only shall be charged therewith, and the other or others shall be charged with the Duty to which the fame may be liable, under any more general Description in this Schedule; and on the whole being produced duly stamped as hereby required, the latter shall also be (lumped with a particular Stamp so* denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty.

r

Exemptions from the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages; EsV. hut not from any other Duty to which the fame may be |liable

1 i

Any Deed or other Instrument made in pursuance of and conformably to atiy Agreement, Contrail or Bond, charged with, and which frail actually have paid the said act valorem Duty, or the ad valorem Duty on .Mortgages granted by the Act of the 48th Tear of IBs Majesty's Reign before mentioned.

Any Deed or other Inf rament, made for the further Assurance only, of any Estate or Property, already mortgaged, pledged or charged as a Security, by any Deed or Instrument, which frail have paid the said act valorem Duty hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages or Heritable Bonds, imposed by the A El of the 4 <\th or the Act of the 48/Z? Year of His Majesty's Reign before mentioned.

Any Deed or other Instrument, made as an additional or further Security for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Share or Shares of any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, already fecu red by any Deed or Instrument, which shall have paid the said act valorem Duty hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on AIortgages or Heritable Bonds, charged by the said Act of the 44//; , or the said Act of the

r»iP Qrsb

iflV

Duty.

'or

i; bai

/AorflOM

MORTGAGE — continued.

4 % tb Year of His Majestfs Reign, to be exempt from the said act valorem Duty hereby charged, so far as regards such Sum or Sums of Money, or such Share or Shares of any of the said Stocks or Funds, before secured, in case such additional or further Security shall be made by the same Person or Persons who made the original Security; but it any further Sum of Money or Stock shall be added to the prindtpal Money or Stock already secured, or shall be thereby fecuted to any other Person, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of such further Sum of Money or Stock.

And if necessary, for the fake of Evidence, the Deeds and Indru-ments hereby exempted from the said act valorem Duty, shall be damped with a particular Stamp, for denoting or testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty, upon all the Deeds and Indruments relating to the particular Transaction being produced, and appearing to be duly damped with the Duties to which they were liable.

For General Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties fee the End of this Part of the Schedule.

jf. /. d.

MORTGAGE, Wadset, &c. with a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion, or other Matter in the fame Deed, viz.

Where any Deed or Writing shall operate as a Mortgage or other Indrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, and also as a Conveyance of the Equity of Right of Redemption or Reversion of any Lands, Estate or Property therein comprised, to, or in trud for, or according to the Direction of a Purchaser, such Deed or Writing shall be charged not only with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, but also with the ad valorem Duty hereinbefore charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property $ but where the Rquity or Right of Redemption or Reversion shall be thereby conveyed, or limited in any other manner, such Deed or Writing shall be charged only as a Mortgage;

And in all other cases where a Mortgage or other Indrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages shall be contained in one and the fame Deed or Writing with any other Matter or Thing (except what shall be incident to such Mortgage or other Itistrument), such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the fame Duties (except the progressive Duty), as such Mortgage or other Indrument and such other Matter or Thing would have been separately charged with if contained in separate Deeds or Writings.

And where any such Deed or Writing, as is mentioned in the Two preceding Clauses, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain a, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the fird 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

IOO

MUTUAL DISPOSITION or Conreyance in Scotland. —

See Exchange and Partition.

55 Geo. III. 3 2

NOMINATION by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any other Patron, to any Perpetual Curacy in England -

NOTARIAL ACT; any whatsoever not otherwise charged in this Schedule

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, upon which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of -

£. s. d. 1 10 c

050

050

ORDER for the Payment of Money. — See Bill of Exchange,

PARTITION. — Any Deed, whereby any Lands or other Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, in England or Scotland, shall be conveyed, or any Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments, in England shall be covenanted to be surrendered, in order to effect a Partition or D'roifton thereof, among Coparceners, Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common, Heirs Portioners, Conjux Fiars, or Joint Proprietors of any fort;

If no Sum of Money, or only a Sum under 300l. shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, for Equality of Partition or Division; the ordinary Duty of

And if any Sum or Sums of Money, amounting to 300l. or upwards, shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, for Equality -

And where any such Deed of Partition or Division, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, o'r annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, oyer and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further prcgre/Jive Duty of,

If the Deed he liable, in the first Instance, to a Duty of il. 158.

Or if liable to a higher Duty in the first Instance And any Duplicate of any such Deed of Partition or Division shall be charged with the same Duty or Duties.

And in case there shall be more than one Deed, for completing the Title to the Estate or Interest conveyed by either Party, the principal Deed only shall be charged under this Head of Partition; and any subordinate or collateral Deed shall be charged with the Duty to which it may be liable, under any other Description in this Schedule.

1 15 o

" The fame ad valorem Duty as for a Conveyance on the Sale

I of Lands, for aSum of Money equal to the Amount of the Sum or Sums fopaid or agreed to be paid.

I 5 o 100

PASSPORT.

PAWNBROKERS Licence. — See Licence.

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called; whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Life or Lives, or upon any Event or Contingency relating to or depending upon any Life or Lives,

Where the Sum insured shall not amount to 500l.'-

And where it shall amount to 500l. and not to i, ooooI.

And where it shall amount to i, ooool. and not to 3, ooool.

And where it shall amount to 3, 000l. and not to 5, ooool.

And where it shall amount to 5, 0001. or upwards

1

0 5

o

1 o o

2 0 0

2 0 0

4 0 0

5OO

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 184.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire only, by any Public Company, or other Person or Persons duly licensed, or who ought to be licensed, by the Commissioners of Stamps, pursuant to the Act of the and Year of His Majesty's Reign, Cap. 48, or by the Royal Exchange or London s. d.

Assurance Corporation - - And for and in respect of every Insurance from Loss or Damage by Fire only, which shall at any time after the 28th Day of September 1815 be made or renewed, or continued by any Public Company, or other Person or Persons licensed, or who ought to be licensed, as above mentioned, or by the Royal Exchange or London Assurance Corporation, a Duty of Three Shillings for every 106l. insured for a Year, and at and after that Rate for any fra&ional Part of iool. insured, and for any 010

fractional Part of a Year, as well as for any Number of Years for which the Insurance shall be made or renewed, or continued; but no Fra&ion of a Penny shall be charged - Exemptions. Insurances on Public Hospitals, and on Property in any Foreign Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors. per Centum per Annum. 030

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made, pursuant to the Act of the 50th Year of His Majesty's Reign, Cap. 35, by any Person or Persons, not being licensed pursuant to the said Act of the 22d Year of His Majesty's Reign, of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property, situated and being in any of the _ Islands, Settlements or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in the West Indies, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, from Loss or Damage by Fire, for any Period of time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months And also the further or additional Duty following5 viz. If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. O 2 6 0 c 0

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed ioqI. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist - j v O K 0

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Ship or Vessely or upon any Goods, Merchandize or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or upon any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully be insured, for or upon any Voyage from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey % Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or the Isle of Many to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom or Islands, or lfte of Man \ Where the Premium or Consideration for such insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given or contrafted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. 3Z % 0 13

POLICY — continued.

And if the whole Sum insured (h^l exceed 100L then for -every*> iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the fame shall consist - - - -y

And where the Premium or Confederation for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given or comtrafted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centunp on the Sum v insured;

If the whol^ Sum insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed 100L then for every iool. and also for any fra&ional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist -

But if the separate Interefis of Two or n>ore distinct Persons shall be insured by 00c Policy or Instrument* then the said Duty of is. 3d* or a*. 6d..g* the case may require, shall be charged thereon, Ui jrespect of each and every fractional Part; of joohas well as in respect of every full Sum of .ipoh which shall be thereby insured upon any separate mid difiinR Interefi.

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Ship or VejfcU or upon any Goods, Merchandize or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or upon any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully be insured, for or upon any other Voyage than is hereinbefore specified, or for any certain Term or Period of Time, not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months j

Where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum instired shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fra&ional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist -

And where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given or contrafted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured 5

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for evefy iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist -

But if the separate Interefis of Two or more distiiict Persons shall be insured by one Policy or Inifrumertt* then the said Duty of 2s. 6d. or 5s. as the case may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fractional Part of iool; as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured upon any separate and difiinSl Interefi.

11

nt;

; x. yd.

1 3

a 6

o 26 o > 6

0 5 o

o s

!. , {jua SCHEDULE, PART I. .IJUaaUDfc

Duty,

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance, commonly called a Mutual Insurance, shall be made, or whereby divers Persons shall insure, or agree to insure, one another, without any Premium or Pecuniary Consideration, from any Loss, Damage or Misfortune, that may happen of or to any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods, Merchandize or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Vessel, which may lawfully be insured;

Upon any Voyage from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or the ljle of Man, to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom or Islands, or Ifie of Man; For every Sum of Tool, and also for each and every fractional Part of tool, thereby insured to any Person or Persons Upon any other Voyage whatsoever, or for any certain Term or Period of Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months \

For every Sum of tool, and also for each and every fractional Part of tool, thereby insured to any Person or Persons -

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called , whereby any other lawful Insurance whatsoever, not hereinbefore charged, shall be made upon any Property or Interest whatever, from Loss or Damage of any Kind \

Where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed tool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed tool, then for every iooI. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist -

And where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings />^r Centum on the Sum insured \ and also where the Insurance shall be made for any other than a Pecuniary Consideration;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iocl.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist But if the fefarate Interesls of two or more distinct Persons shall be insured by one Policy or Instrument, then the said Duty of as. 6d. or 5s. as the case may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fractional Part of iool. as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured upon any separate and distinct Interest.

POWER of ATTORNEY. — Sec Letter of Attorney.

PRECEPT of Clare Constat, to give Seisin of Lands or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland -

And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

s.

dt Ii buA

too i

1 3MJ; t

H bn A

htt/LTi

u briA

loci 5fr cl

a

J.

At

T

fc.d '? V o.mi d j'i'P rj. tsjLtttf

02 6

O 2 0

IV-vA 1 m! 1

sH i>dt b*Mu)n» dotiw vit >1

O

i'll -j fr»L»

di h 1 if

I i\

m 1

SCHEDULE, PART I.

PRESENTATION by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any £. s. d.

other Patron;

To any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in England

of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, in The King's

Books - 20 0 0

To any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in England - - 10 0 0

PROCURATION, Deed or other Instrument of -'- And where the fame, together with any Schedule or ether Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain a, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1 10 0

1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080

Words, a further progrejive Duty of -, IT)< PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment, to the Bearer oh Demand, of any^Sum of Money, 1*, I9C<>/'

Not exceeding One Pound and One Shilling - - - 0 0 5

Exceeding il. is. and not exceeding al. as. 0 0 10

Exceeding al. as. and not exceeding 5l. 5s. - - 0 1 3

Exceeding 5l. 5s. and not exceeding 10l. - - - 0 1 9

Exceeding 1 ol. and not exceeding aol. 0 2 0

Exceeding aol. and not exceeding 30l. - - 0 3 0

Exceeding 30l. and not exceeding 50l. - 0 5 0

Exceeding 50l. and not exceeding lool. - - Which said Notes maybe re-issued, after Payment thereof, as often as shall be thought fit. 0 8 6

PROMISSORY NOTE for the Payment, in any other manner than to the

Bearer on Demand, but not exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, of any Sum of Money, Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5l. 5$.

0 1 0

Exceeding 5l. 58. and not exceeding aol. - 0 1 6

Exceeding aol. and not exceeding 30l. - 0 2 0

Exceeding 30l. and not exceeding 50l. ... 0 2 6

Exceeding 50l. and not exceeding 100l. - - 0 3 6

These Notes are not to be re-issued after being once paid. PROMISSORY NOTE for the Payment, either to the Bearer on Demand, or in any other manner than to the Bearer on Demand, but not exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, of any Sum of Money,

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200l. - - - 0 4 6

Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 300l. - 0 5 0

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l. - 0 6 0

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ooool. - - 0 8 6

Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding a, ocol. - - 0 12 6

Exceeding a, ooool. and not exceeding 3, ooool. ... 05 0

Exceeding 3, ooool. 1 5 0

The Notes are not to be re-iflhed after being once paid. PROMISSORY NOTE for the Payment to the Bearer or otherwise, at any time exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5l. 5s. - 0 1 6

Exceeding 5l. 53. and not exceeding aol. - 0 2 0

Exceeding aol. and not exceeding 30l. - 0 si 6 L

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

PROMISSORY NOTE — contimui. jF. s. d.

Exceeding 30l. and not exceeding 50l. - 036

Exceeding 50l. and not exceeding iool. 04 6

Exceeding rool. and not exceeding 200l. 050

Exceeding a'ool. and not exceeding 300l. - - 060

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l. 086

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ooool. O 12

Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool. O 15 O

Exceeding 2»ooooI. and not exceeding 3*0001. ... 15 0

Exceeding 3, 000l. I IO O

TTiefe Notes are not to be re-issued after being once paid.

- The same Duty as ori

a Promrffory Note\

PROMISSORY NOTE for the Payment of any Sum of Money by Instal- payable in left than

ments, or for the Payment «several Sums of Money at different Days or Times, so that the whole of the Money to be paid shall be definite and certain - \ Two Months after s D r

Date Jor a bum, equal to the whole Amount of the Mo

And the following Instruments shall be deemed ^nd taken to be Pro-mifiory" Notes, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule; viz. All Notes, proraifing the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, and if the same shall be definite and certain, and not amount in the whole to Twenty Pounds. And all Receipts for Money deposited in any Bank, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, which shall contain any Agreement or Memorandum, importing that Interest shall be paid for the Money so deposited. , Exemptions from the Duties on Promissory Notes. All Notes, promi/ing the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of^ney to be paid.

any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which mayor may not be performed or happen; whqre the fameshall not be made payable to the Bearer

or to Order, and also where the same shall be made payable to the JBearhr or to Order, if the same shall amount to Twenty Pounds, or be \indfinite. t, And all other Infruments, bearing in any Degree the Form or Style of Prontiffory Notes9but which in Law shall be deemedfpecial Agreements, except those hereby expressly dire Bed to be deemed Promissory c Notei\. Butfuch lof the Notes and Instruments here exempted from the Dut]| on ProfhiiTofy' Notes shall nevertheless be liable to the

Duty yhkb pay^Uach thereon* as Agreements or otherwise.

t J'1 ^' M j Exempt is ns from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Promissory Notes for the Payment of Money, issued by the Governor

r and tympany of the Bank of England*

PROTEST of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, for any Sum of Money,

Not amounting to 20l.

Amounting to 20l. and not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500l. or upwards

PROTEST of any other Kind

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum upon which the same shall be written, after the first, a furthe progressive Duty of -

PURCHASE DEED. — See Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, Sec.

REAL BURDEN on Lands in Scotland\ Deed creating. — See Mortgage, Disposition.

aP 1. o a

0 3

5

o 10

o

o

o

o

RECEIPT or Discharge, given for or upon the Payment of Money, Amounting to 2l. and not amounting to 51.

Amounting to 5l. and not amounting to id.

Amounting to 10l. and not amounting to 20l.

Amounting to 20l. and not amounting to 50l.

Amounting to 50l. and not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200L Amounting to 200]. and not amounting to 300l.

Amounting to 300l. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500l. and not amounting to i, ooool.

Amounting to i, ooool. or upwards -

And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be therein expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands -

And any Note, Memorandum or Writing whatsoever, given to any Person for or upon the Payment of Money, whereby any Sum of Money, Debt or Demand, or any Part of any Debt or Demand therein spectfiedy and amounting to Two Pounds Ot upwards, shall be expressed or acknowledged to have beeil paid, settled, balanced, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, or which shall import or signify any such Acknowledgment, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed with die Name of any Person, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for a Sum of Money, of equal Amount with the Sum, Debt or Demand so expressed or acknowledged to have been paid, settled, balanced, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule, and shall be charged with a Duty accordingly.

And any Receipt or Discharge, Note, Memorandum or Writing whatever, given to any Person for or upon the Payment of Money, which shall contain, import or signify any general Acknowledgment of any Debt, Account, Claim or Demand, Debts, Accounts, Claims or Demands, whereof the Amount shall not be therein specifedy having been paid, settled, balanced, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be received in fully or in Discharge or Satisfaction of any such Debt, Account, Claim or Demand, Debts, Accounts, Claims or Demands, and whether the same shall or shall not* be signed with the Name of any Person, shall be deemed and taken to be

0 0 a

X) 0 3

0 0 6

0 I 0

0 I 6

0 2 6

0, 0

0 5 0

0 7 6

0 10 0

0 10 0

s

sf GEORGII III. C. 18zj.

tjuCL SCHEDULE, PART I.' nr Duty.

RECEIPTS — continued. ni vtm toi .znV^.iurr.-r'v. san«fc*7 f .8 yt St\ s. d.

o

o

o

o

a Receipt for the Sum of J, ooool. or upwards, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule, and shall be charged with the Duty of Ten Shillings accordingly.

And all Receipts, Discharges and Acknowledgments of the De-v scription aforesaid, which shall be given for or upon Payments made by or with any Bills of Exchange, Drafts, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall be deemed and taken to be Receipts given upon the Payment of Money, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule.

Exemptions from the preceding Duties ton Receipts.

Receipts exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts relating to the AJJeJJed Taxes.

Receipts or Discharges given by the Treasurer of the Navy, for any Moiiey imprejied to or received by him, for the Service of the Navy.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Agent, for Aloney imprejied to him, on account of the Pay of the Army cr Ordnance.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Officer, Seaman, Marine or Soldier, or their Representatives respectively, for or on account of any Wages, Pay or Penfton, due from the Navy Office, Army Pay Offce or Ordnance Office.

Receipts or Discharges given for the Consideration Money, for the Purchase of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stocks and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or South Sea Company, and for any Dividend paid on any Share of the said Stocks or Funds respectively.

Receipts or Discharges given for any principal Money or Interef due on Exchequer Bills.

Receipts given for Money deposited in the Bank of England, or in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or in the Bank of the British Linen Company in Scotland, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, to be accounted for on demand; provided the fame be not expressed to be received of or by the Hands of any other than the Perf on or Perfotis to whom the fame is to be accounted Jor. But if with Interef — See Promissory Note.

Receipts or Discharges written upon Promissory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, duly famped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof; or upon Bills of Exchange drawn out of but payable in Great Britain.

Receipts or Discharges given upon Bills or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Letters by the General Pof acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securitiesfor Aloney.

Receipts or Discharges indorsed or otherwise written upon or contained in any Bond, Alortgage, or other Security, or any Conveyance, Deed or Infrument whatever, duly famped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof, acknowledging the Receipt of the Corf deration Aloney therein expressed, or the Receitt of any principal Aloney, Inter eft or Annuity thereby secured.

Releases or Discharges far Aloney, by Deeds duly famped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof.

55 Geo. III. 4 A

paoM

IJ i

151

546 C. 184

55 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

35 G. 3. c. 95.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

RECEIPTS — continued. £. s. d.

Receipts or Discharges given for Drawbacks or Bounties upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandize from Great Britain. Receipts or Discharges for the Return of any Duties of Customs upon Certificates of Over Entry. Receipts or Acknowledgments of Payment indorsed upon any Bills, Orders > Remittance Bills or Remittance Certificates, drawn by Com mifftoned Officers, Masters and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Navy, under the Authority of the Act passed in the 35th Year of His Majestys Reign, for the more expeditious Payment of the lVages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to the Navy. Receipts or Acknowledgments of Payment indorsed upon any Bills, drawn pursuant to any former Act or Acts of Parliament, by the Commissioners of the Navy, or by the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, and taking care of ftck and wounded Seamen, upon and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy. Receipts given solely for the Duty on Insurances against Fire; and Receipts given for the Premium and Duty on such Insurances, to be liable only to the Receipt Duty in respect of the Premium. See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule. A

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, Annuity or Annuities, or for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company \ Where such Payment or Transfer shall not he already secured by a Bond or Mortgage, or by some other Instrument hereby charged with the same Duty as a Bond or Mortgage rThe same Duty or Duties as on a Bond \ given for the like Purbofe in Eng-V. land.

And where such Payment or Transfer shall be already secured as above mentioned - I O O

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant and Statute Staple, enteredinto as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant, Contract or Agreement; or for the due Execution of any Office or Trust; or for rendering a due Account of Money received or to be Teceived; or for indemnifying any Person or Persons against any Matter or Thing And where any such Recognizance or Statute as aforesaid, together with any Schedule or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the First j, o8o Words, a further progressive Duty of I 15 O I 5 O

REGISTER, or Entry of the Degree of a Barrister at Law, taken in either of the Inns of Court in England — See Admission. REGISTER, or Entry of Degrees taken in the Universities of Great Britain. — See Admission.

RELEASE upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance.

14

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 1S4.

RELEASE and Renunciation of Lands or other Property, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable, or of any Right or Interest therein; any Deed or Instrument of, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

RENUNCIATION upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance.

RENUNCIATION of any Right or Interest in any Property, otherwise than upon a Sale. — See Release.

RESIGNATION} principal or original Instrument of Resignation, or Service or Cognition of Heirs, or Charter or Seisin of any Houses, Lands, or other Heritable Subjects, in Scotland, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure -

RESIGNATION , Instrument of Resignation of any Lands or other Heritable Subjects, in Scotland, not of Burgage Tenure

And where any of the said Instruments shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above tEe first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

REVOCATION of any Use or Trust, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain a, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of If made by Deed. — See Deed.

£. s. d.

1 15 o

I 5 o

09O

09O

090

I is 0

1 5 o

SCHEDULE, Inventory or Catalogue of any Lands, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects, or of any Furniture, Fixtures or other Goods or Effects; or containing the Terms and Conditions of any proposed Sale,

Lease or Tack, or the Conditions and Regulations for the Cultivation or Management of any Farm, Lands or other Property leased or agreed to be leased; or containing any other Matter or Matters of Contract or Stipulation whatsoever \ which shall be referred to in or by, and be intended to be used or given in Evidence as Part of, or as material to, any Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed or other Instrument, charged with any Duty in this Schedule, but which shall be separate and difltnEl from, and not indorsed on or annexed to such Agreement, Lease, Tack,

Bond, Deed ot other Instrument - - -150

And if the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of 150

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Printed Propofols, published by any Corporation or Company, respecting Infu ranees, and which shall be referred to in or by any Policy or Instrument of Infur ante issued by such Corporation or Company.

4 A 2

54-8 C.I&4*

; SCHEDULE, PART I. t Duty.

SEISIN — Instrument of Seisin, given upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Constat, or Precept from Chancery, or upon any Wadset, Heritable Bond, Disposition, Apprising, Adjudication, or otherwise, of any Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland, not of Burgage Tenure

And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for evety entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

s. iL 090

090

SETTLEMENT. Any Deed or Instrument, whether voluntary or gratuitous, or upon any good or valuable Consideration, other than a bona fide pecuniary Consideration, whereby any definite and certain principal Sum or Sums of Money (whether charged or chargeable on Lands or other Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects or not, or to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands or other Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects or not, and if charged or chargeable on Lands or other Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, whether to be raised at all Events or not), or any definite and certain Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, shall be settled, or agreed to be settled, upon or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, either in Possession or Reversion, either absolutely, or conditionally, or contingently, or for Life, or other partial Interest, or in any other manner whatsoever;

If such Sum or Sums of Money, or the Value of such Share or Shares in all or any of the said Stocks or Funds, or both, shall not amount to T, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 2, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 3, 0001. and not amount to 4, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 4, ooool. and not amount to 5, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 5, 0001. and not amount to 7, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 7, 000l. and not amount to 9, 0001.

And if the same shall amount to 9, 0001. and not amount to i2, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 12, ooool. and not amount to 15, 0001.

And if the same shall amount to 15, 000l. and not amount to 20, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 20, cool, or upwards

And where any such Deed or Instrument as last mentioned, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

And for any Duplicate of any such Deed or Instrument as last mentioned -

1 15 0

2 O 0

3 O 0

4 O 0

s O 0

7 O

9 O 0

12 O 0

15 O 0

20 0 0

a5 0 0

1 5 o

{The same Duty or Duties.

Exemptions from the preceding ad valorem Duties on Settlements.

Bonds, Mortgages and other Securities operating as Settlements, if chargeable with the ad valorem Duties on Bonds and Mortgages hereinbefore granted.

Deeds or Itijlrumerits of Appointment or Apportionment, in Execution of Powers given by any previous Settlement, Deed or Will, to or in favour of Persons specially named or described as the Objects of such Powers.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III. C.i'«4

SETTLEMENT — coitinued.

Deeds or Instruments, merely declaring the Trujls of any Money or Stock, pursuant to any previous Settlement, Deed or Willy or for securing any Gifts or Dispositions made by any previous Settlement, Deed or Will

Willsy Teflarhents and Tef amentary Inflruments, and Dispo/ttions mortis I caul a of every Description.

SPECIFICATION, to be inrolled or recorded, of any Discovery or Invention for which a latent shall be obtained -

And where {he fame shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then

for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over anjl above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

j.

d.

SURRENDER upon the Sale of Lands or other Property. — See Conveyance.

SURRENDER {not otherwise charged in this Schedule nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty) of any Term or Terms of Years, or of any Freehold or uncertain Interest, in any Lands, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects, not being of Copyhold or Customary Tenure

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall, contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

1 15 o

1 s o

SURRENDER of Copyhold Lands or Tenements. —

- See Copyhold and Mortgage.

TACK of LANDS, &c. in Scotland, belonging to The Crown. — See Grant.

TACK of LANDS, &c. in Scotland, not belonging to The Crown. — See Lease.

TACK in Security. — See Mortgage.

TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admission of any Person, to the Degree of a Bachelor of Arts, in either of the Universities in England

300

TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admission of any Person, to any other

Degree, in either of the said Universities - -.10 o o

TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwise - - - 0 7 9

TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the East India Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwise -

TRANSFER of any Share or Shares in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company or Society whatever, upon the Sale thereof, or by way of Mortgage or Security. — Sec Conveyance — Mortgage.

TRANSFER of any Share or Shares in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company or Society whatever, not otherwise charged under the Head of Mortgage^ or of Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property

TRANSFER upon the Sale of any other Property. — Sec Conveyance.

TRANSFER of Mortgage, Wadset or other Security. — See Mortgage.

1 10 o

1 10 o

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

WADSET. — See Mortgage. WARRANT of ATTORNEY (with or without a Release of Errors) to confess and enter up a Judgment in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancq/ler and Durham; which shall be given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company; / d. The same Duty as y on a Bond for the like Purpose.

Save and except where such Payment or Transfer shall he already secured by a Bond^ Mortgage or other Security, which shall have paid the ad valorem Duty on Bonds or Mortgages imposed in this Schedule, or by the All of the 44/^ or the All of the 48 th Year of His Majesty's Reign before mentioned; and also except where the Warrant cf Attorney shall be given for securing any Sum or Sums of Moneys for which the Perf on giving the same shall be in Custody under an Arrejl; and in those cases a Duty of IOO

WARRANT or ORDER beneficial, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, except where the same shall be for the Service of the Navy9 Army or Ordnance - I 10 0

And where the same shall be for the Service of the Navy, Army or Ordnance - And where several Persons shall be separately and distinctly (and not jointly) benefited by one Warrant, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each such Person. 0 12 6

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP DUTIES. All Bonds, Contrails, Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Instruments whatever, exempted from Stamp Duty by the All of the 17 th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 53. or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for promoting the Refdence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for building, repairing or pur chefng Hottfes and other Buildings, for the Use of their Ben fees. All Affidavits, Contrafts. Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Instruments whatever, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 42d Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 116. or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now inforce relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. All Transfers of Shares in the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds. All Grants, Leases and other Conveyances and Instruments, exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Jorce relating to the Land Revenues of The Crown. All Bonds, Contra fts and Assignments, relating to the Transportation of Convicts.

sre

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C184*

SCHEDULE; — PART THE SECOND.

Containing the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS.

Which Duties are to be paid and payable in England, for and in respect of every 8kin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the several Instruments, Matters ami Things herein charged, shall be respectively written or printed; except where the Duties are imposed according to the Number of Words therein contained, or are expressly charged in any other manner.*

And all the Instruments, Matters and Things, herein charged with a Duty, in respect of every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the same shall be written or printed, shall respectively be written or printed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and in such and the same Manner and Form, as the like Instruments, Matters or Things, have been heretofore accustomed to be, or are now usually written or printed.

And where a Court of Law or Equity is mentioned generally, the same shall be taken to mean not only the Courts at Westminster, but also the several Courts of Law or Equity of the Great Sessions in Wales, and in the Counties Palatine of Chestert Lancaster and Durham, or elsewhere in England.

PART THE SECOND. Duty.

I. PROCEEDINGS in the High Court of Admiralty; and in the £. <L

Courts of the Cinque Ports, exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction; the High Court of Appeals in Prize Causes; and the High Court of Delegates, in Admiralty Matters in England. AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read or used in any of the said Courts 0 s 0

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts - 0 5 0

ANSWER in any of the said Courts - - - 5 0

APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any interlocutory Decree or Order of any of the said Courts, or from any Court of Vice Admiralty, when interposed before a Notary Public in England -5 0 0

ATTACHMENT issuing out of any of the said Courts 1 10 0

BAIL BOND, or Recognizance, taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same - 1 0 0

CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts - - 1 0 0

COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts 0 5 0

COPY, (1. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read or used, in any of the said Courts - - 0 5 0

COPY, (/. em Office Copy) of any Citation, Monition or Warrant issued out of any of the said Courts - - 0 5 0

COPY, (/. e. Office Copy) of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, Depositions or Inventory, filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts - - - '0 5 0

A.D. 1881.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

COPT, (i. e. Office Copy) of any Interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree, made in any of the said Courts 0 j. 5 d. O

DECREE, or Order Interlocutory, made in any of the said Courts 1 c O

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same - 0 S O

EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein - 3 0 0

INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts 1 0 0

INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts 0 5 O

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts 0 5 O

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts 0 5 O

MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts - -^1 0 0

RECOGNIZANCE. — See Bail Bond.

RELAXATION of any Attachment or Inhibition issued out of any of the said Courts - 1 1(0 O

SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts 1 10 O

WARRANT issuing out of any of the said Courts 0 »S O

WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Proctor, to commence, carry on or defend any Action, Suit or Prosecution, in any of the said Courts 5 for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record - - 0 S O

II. PROCEEDINGS in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the High Court of Delegates, in Ecclesiastical Matters, in England.

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read or used in any of the said Courts 0 5 O

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ... 0 5 O

ANSWER in any of the said Courts - - - 0 5 Q

APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or firial Decree, or from any Interlocutory Decree or Order, of the Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Court of Canterbury or York ... 15 O

CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts 0 5 O

COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts -.0 5 O

COPY, (1. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any of the said Courts - - 0 $ O

COPY, (/. e. Office Copy) of any Citation or Monition, issued out of any of the said Courts - 0 5 O

COPY, (i\ e. Office Copy) of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, Pepositions or Inventory filed or exhibi ted in any of the said Courts 15 0 5 O

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty. j

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree of any of the said Courts - - DECREE final, or definitive Sentence, in any of the said Courts s. d. 050 0 5 b

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same - O0 O

EXEMPLIFICATION under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein - </a O O

INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts -INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts INVENTORY fifed or exhibited in any of the said Courts LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts - -SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts O 5 O 0^5 0 0 5 0 0 5 0 050 0 5 0

WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Prottor, to commence, carry on or defend any Suit or Prosecution in any of the said Courts, for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record c VO 0

III. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts of Law and Equity at Westminster^ including the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster> and in other Courts in England, and the Offices belonging thereto, and also before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy. ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of London, and in the Courts of all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever in England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings or above, and out of which no Writs, Process or Mandates issue, in the first Instance 5 for, the Entry of every Action or Plaint, except where the Debt or Damage claimed or demanded shall not amount to Forty Shillings - 4 1 o x 6;

AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read or used in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Wesiminstery or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham; or before any Judge or Matter, or other Officer of any of the said Courts; or before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy - 0 2 6

AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read or used in any other Court of Law or Equity, in England, except in Actions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage, or Thing claimed or demanded shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings s - - - i 0 16

ANSWER in any Court of Equity - 0 0

APPEARANCE filed or entered in any Action at Law wherein no Bail shall be filed or put in -.- - r 55 Geo. III. 4 B 0 2 .6

554

O* 184.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

ts; t.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

£. X. d.

ASSIGNMENT of a Bail Bond - 0 2 6

BAIL Common! to be filed in any Court of Law - 0 2 6

BAIL Special! to be filed in any Court of Law - - 0 2 6

BAIL BOND in any Action, in any Court of Law - 0 2 6

BANKRUPT'S Certificate, the Confirmation thereof, by the Lord Chancellor, or by the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal - 0 2 6

BILL filed in any Court of Equity - - - 0 5 <J

CERTIFICATE by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, of any Default of any Person, in any Suit, or Proceeding before them 0 5 0

COMMISSION to take Affidavits, or Special Bail, out of any Court of Law or Equity - 0 10 0

COMMISSION of Bankrupt - - 0 5

COMMISSION of Lunacy - - - 0 5 0

COMMISSION out of any Court of Law or Equity, for the Examination of Witnesses, or taking Depositions 0 5 0

COMMISSION of any other kind, out of any Court of Law or Equity 0 5 9

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine \ or before any Judge or Matter, or other Officer of any of the fiud Courts, or before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy - - 0 2 6

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any other Court of Law or Equity, except in Actions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage, or Thing claimed and demanded, shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings - 0 1 6

COPY (f. e. Office Copy) of any Bill, Answer, Demurrer, Exceptions, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder or other Pleading, or of any Interrogatories, or Depositions, taken by Commission or otherwise, in any Court of Equity $ Where any such Copy shall be written wide, according to the Usage and Practice of the Court, and not contain more than 90 Words in a Sheet, one with another, then for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written 0 0 4

And where any such Copy shall be written close Copy-wife, according to the Usage and Practice of the Court, or in any other manner than above mentioned, then for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written 0 2 6

COPY f of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court of Law - - 0 0 4

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of Interrogatories and the Depositions or Answers thereto, in any Court of Law, containing not more than 7 a Words in a Sheet, one Sheet with another - 0 0 4

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

COPY (i. /. Office Copy) of any Rule or Order, made or given in or by any Court of Law at Westminster, or by any Judge of any such Court - jf. s. d. 0 2

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Decree, Dismission or Order, made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster, or by the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy ... 030

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any such Copy shall be written after the First, a further progressive Duty of - 016

COPY {tie. Office Copy) of any Decree, Difiniffion or Order, made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, at Westminster; or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales> or of the said Counties Palatine - - - 026

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) or Extra# of any Record, Report or Proceeding whatsoever, in any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster, not otherwise charged in this Schedule - 0 2 0

DECLARATION in any Court of Law - - - O O

DECREE or Dismission made in or by the High Court of Chancery at West* minfitr --- 0 ro O

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written, after the First, a further progressive Duty of Ol6

DECREE or Dismission made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster at Westminster j or in ot by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or in or by any other Court of Equity whatsoever - 026

DEMURRER in any Court of Law - - 004

DEMURRER in any Court of Equity - - O cn O

DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of aCommission out of any Court of Equity (except the Paper Drafts thereof before the same are engrossed) O O

DEPOSITIONS in any Court of Equity, taken by the Examiner, or other proper Officer, and not by Commission - O O

DEPOSITIONS or Answers to any Interrogatories in any Court of Law - O O

DEPUTATION (special) or Warrant by the Sheriff of any County, to any Person, to take an Inquisition under a Writ of Inquiry i O IO O

EXCEPTIONS filed in any Court of Equity, or in any Matter of Bank* ruptcy or Lunacy - O O

EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Proceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal charged in the First Part of this Schedule) 04 0 0

GRANT of the Cfistody of the Person or Estate of any Lunatic 200

INDENTURES ot Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, for each Part or Indenture - 4B 2 O M O

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty. 1

INQUISITION taken by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or Under Sheriff, or by or before any Person Specially deputed or authorized by s. d.

the Sheriff to take the fame, or by or before any Coroner, in any Action at Law - 0 10 0

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Law - 0 5 0

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Equity, or in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy 0 J 0

JUDGMENT (not Interlocutory), signed by the Matter of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothonotary, or his Secondary, Deputy or Clerk, or by any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts at Westminster, who is Or shall be authorized to sign Judgments 0 10 0

ORDER made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster; or by the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy 0 3 0

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written after the First, a further progressive Duty of 0 1 6

ORDER made or given in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster at Westminster, or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine 0 2 6

ORDER made or given by any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at Westminster --- 0 2 6

Except such as shall be made on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor; and except all Orders for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiff's Demand, or for flaying Proceedings on Payment of Debt and Cojls; and all Orders for Time to pleads reply or rejoin, after the first Order for that Purpose. PETITION in any Suit or Matter in any of the Courts of Equity at Westminster; and Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy - 0 2 6

PLEA in any Court of Law 0 0 4

PLEA in any Court of Equity - ... 5 0

PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Law, not otherwise charged in this Schedule - - 0 0 4

PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Equity, not othemvife charged in this Schedule - - - 0 J 0

POSTEA - - 0 10 0

RECORD of Nisi Prius - - - 0 10 0

REJOINDER in any Court of Law - -0 0 4

REJOINDER in any Court of Equity 0 5 0

REPLICATION in any Court of Law - 0 0 4

REPLICATION in any Court of Equity 0 5 0

REPORT made by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy -

RULE or Order, made or given in or by any of the Courts at Law at Westminster, which shall be issued or delivered out, by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, to the Party obtaining it -

And for the Entry of every such Rule or Order, in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Rules or other Officer for that Purpose, whether written on One or more Sheets or Leaves

RULES to plead and reply, and all other Rules, of any of the said Courts of Law at Westminster, not issued as above mentioned, but which shall be entered in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, for that Purpose; for the Entry of every such Rule

SUMMONS issued by any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at Westminster Except such as shall be issued on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor \ and except all Summonses for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiffs Demand, or forflaying Proceedings on Payment of Debt and Costs; and all Summonses for Time to plead, reply or rejoin, after the first Summons for fiat Purpose.

WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Attorney or Solicitor, to commence, carry on or defend any Action, Suit or Prosecution in any of the Courts at Wefimtnfiery or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or in any other Court whatsoever, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings; for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record

WARRANT or Summons, issued by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majest/s Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy -

WARRANT of Attorney, -not other wise charged in the first Part of this Schedule -

WRIT of Appeal -

WRIT of Certiorari -

dP. /. d.

02 6

o 2 6

026

02 6

o 10

050

1 o o

100 1 0 0

WRIT of Covenant for levying a Fine -

WRIT of Entry for suffering a Common Recovery -

WRIT of Error.- -

WRIT of Supersedeas of a Commission of Bankrupt -

WRIT, Mandate or other Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of, or pass the Seal of any of the Courts at Westminster, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Pala-

tine, or of any other Court in England, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings, except in Actions or Suits where the Debt, Damage or Thing claimed or demanded shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings -

2 0 o I

2 O O

I O O

O 2 6 |.

A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART II.

IV — PROCEEDINGS IN THE COURTS IN SCOTLAND,

Upon which the relative Duties are to be charged only on the first Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon the several Instruments, Matters and Things specified shall be written or printed, except where progressive Duties are expressly mentioned. For the Proceedings in the Court of Session, including the Bill Chamber, the Commission of Teinds, the Court of Exchequer, and the High Court of Admiralty, the several Duties specified in the first Column. And for the Proceedings in the Commissary Court of Edinburgh and all the Courts in Scotland (other than those above mentioned, and the Court of Justiciary), the several Duties specified in the second Column.

Duty. Duty.

ADVOCATION, Letters of - - £. x. d. 050 jP. i. d.

AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read or used in the Court of Exchequer And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressivi Duty of - 026 026

AMENDMENT of Libel. — See Summons.

ANSWER to a Petition and Complaint, or to any original Petition or Application in any Process or Suit, other than a Bill of Advocation or Suspension - 0 0 0 2 6

ANSWER to any such Bill, or to a Reclaiming or Incidental Petition, or to a Representation, Condefcendence, or any other Paper not being an origin^ Application - - 026 O I 3

APPEAL. — See Bill of Advocation. APPLICATION, original, under whatever Title 050 0 2 6

BILL OF ADVOCATION, Bill of Suspension Appeal'- 050 0 a 6

BOND OF.CAUTION or Surety in the Bill Chamber, or for Appearance, or in a Law Burrows, or incidental to any Process or Suit, or for Payment in Terms of the Decree to follow upon any Process or Suit - - -'0 2 6 02 6

BOND on a Confirmation of Testament and Bond judicial of any other D efeription. — See Bond in the first Part of this Schedule.

CASE 026 0 1 3

CLAIM, being the first Paper in a Process or Suit in behalf of the Party for whom it is offered - 05 0 a 6

CLAIM of any other Description - 026 0 1 3

Except any Claim in any Process of Multiple Poinding or Ranting of any principal Sum under 12l. in the Superior or jl. in the Inferior Courts.

COMPLAINT or Petition and Complaint 1 0 5 c o a <5

0.184.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty. Duty.

£. x. d. £. x. d.

CONDESCENDENCE of whatever Description - 0 26 O I 3

DECLARATION, judicial ... 0 2 6 O I 3

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of - 0 2 6 OI3

DEFENCE of whatever Description - O Srt 0 0 2 6

DEPOSITION or DEPOSITIONS, whether in presence of the Court, or taken by Commission, or otherwise - - -'- 026 OI3

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of - 0 2 6 O I 3

DILIGENCE, or Incidental Diligence, Letters of - 0 0 0 2 6

DUPLY ..... 0 0 026

EDICT. — See Summons. ESTIMATE. — See Report. EXTRACT of any Decree (not being a mere Decree of Registration pro formd)> or of any Abbreviate Ad, Commission, Warrant or Protestation - 0 10 0 050

INFORMATION - - - 026 a 1 3

INTERROGATORIES exhibited in behalf of any Party to a Process or Suit - - - 026 013

INVENTORY of any interest in a Multiple Poinding or other Process or Suit, when not preceded or immediately accompanied by a Claim or other Step of Procedure charged as an original Application for or in behalf of the Party for whom such Inventory is exhibited (other than and except any Inventory of an Interest in a Process of Multiple Poinding or Ranking, where the principal Sum claimed shall he under 1 % L in the Superior or 5l. in the Inferior Courts) --- 050 026

INVENTORY of any other Description, when not immediately accompanying and referred to in a separate Paper or Step of Procedure charged in this Schedule - 0 2 6 013

LIBEL. — See Summons. MANDATE. — See Warrant. MEMORANDUM. — See Warrant. MEMORIAL, of whatever Description - 0 2 6 01 3

MINUTE, of whatever Description, which may be lodged by, or in behalf of, any Party to a Process or Suit ... 026 0 1 3

NOTE in any Suit or Process, except in the Bill Chamber - 026 013

OBJECTION, being the first Paper in a Process or Suit in behalf of the Party for whom it may be offered - 050 026

OBJECTION, of any other Description - 026 013

PETITION, being an original Application, or the first Paper, in a Process or Suit in behalf of the Party for whom it may be offered 050 0 2 6

PETITION, of any other Description '- 026 013

C. 184. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty. Duty.

PLEADING or STATEMENT, of whatever Description, whether written or printed, in any Suitor Process, offered in behalf of any Party, or by Order of the Court, and not otherwise charged in this Schedule - £. /. d. 02 6 d. 0 1 3

PRECEPT, in the Nature of a Summons. — See Summons. PRECEPT, in the Nature of a Diligence - 0 1 3

PREPARED STATE 02 6 0 1 3

PROTESTATION, lodged in behalf of any Party to a Process or Suit O0 0 0 a 6

QUADRUPLY - 050 0 2 6

REPLY - - 0; 0 0 2 6

REPORT, ESTIMATE or SCHEME, prepared in consequence of the Appointment, Order or Authority of a Judge 026 0 M

REPRESENTATION 026 013

SCHEME Sec Report.

SIGNET LETTERS, or Writs passing His Majesty's Signet, of whatever Description, not otherwise charged in this Schedule (other than and except Letters of Horning and Poinding, and Letters f Caption for Debts under 12l.) 026

STATE of INTERESTS in any Process or Suit 026 0 1 3

SUMMONS of whatever Description, Libel, Amendment of Libel, Edict, Precept, of the Nature of a Summons - O O 026

SUSPENSION, Letters of 050 026

trIply O O 026

WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Solicitor, Attorney, Agent or Procurator, to commence, carry on, defend or appear in any Action, Suit or Procedure, at the Instance or in behalf of any Party or Parties not having distinct Interests, for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record O O 026

V. — GENERAL EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP DUTIES.

Warrants, Mandates or Authorities to commence, carry on or defend any Actions, Suits or Prosecutions in any Court, where the Debt, Damage or Thing claimed or demanded, shall not amount to or be of the Value of Forty Shillings.

Warrants, Mandates or Authorities to commence, carry on or defend any Prosecutions or Proceedings upon Indictments, or upon any Information, Suit, Writ or Process, in the Name cf His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Infance of the Attorney General of England, Lord Advocate of Scotland, or other Officer legally authorized to prosecute or sue in the Name or for the Interest of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors. But these Exemptions are not to extend to Informations in the Nature of Quo Watranto, fled by His Majesty's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench; nor to Informations in Courts of Equity, at the Relation of Private Persons; nor to Informations where any other Person than His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be entitled to ahy Penalty or Forfeiture, or any Share thereof

A.D. 1 S

55° GEORGII III.

C. 184.

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS — continued.

All Proceedings for or on the behalf of any Perf on legally admitted to sue or defend in fofmi pauperis; and all Proceedings of Courts Martial; and all Proceedings in Criminal Suits and Prosecutions whatsoever

All Orders, Decrees and Proceedings of or before any Commissioners of Sewers, and of or in the Stannary Courts in England.

All Summonses, Attachments, Executions and other Proceedings in or issuing out of any of the Courts ejlMished for the Recovery of Debts not exceeding Five Pounds, commonly called Courts of Request, in England.

All Warrants to sue and defend in the Courts Baron of tiny Honours or Manors in England, which hold Pleas in A8ions or Suits for any Debt or Damages not exceeding Five Pounds; and all Plaints, Summonses, Executions, Writs and other Proceedings in or issuing out of such Courts.

All Proceedings in the Courts called, or commonly known by the Name of Small Debt Courts in Scotland.

And all Proceedings under the Scotch Statute relative to the Aliment of Poor Prisoners, or under the Act of Sederunt of the Court of Session in Scotland, relative to the Liberation ef Prisoners on account of Sickness

All Petitions, Proceedings and Copies, exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Abuses of TruJlsfor Charitable Purposes.

SCHEDULE; — PART THE THIRD.

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION 5 on CONFIRMATIONS of Testaments teRamentary and dative; on INVENTORIES to be ex-hibited in the Commissary Courts in Scotland; and on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable ERate \ and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable ERatas upon InteRacy.

PART THE THIRD. Duty.

PROBATE of a Will, and Letters of AdminiRrarion with a Will annexed, to be granted in England; £* jf. d.

CONFIRMATION of any TeRament teRamentary, or Eik thereto, to be expected in any Commissary Court in Scotland, where the Deceased shall have died before or upon the 10th Day of October 1808, and subsequent to the 10th Day of October 1804;

INVENTORY to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland, of the ERate and Effects of any Person deceased, who shall have died after the 10th Day of October 1808, and have left any TeRament ' or teRamentary Disposition of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate and Effects, or any Part thereof 5 Where the ERate and Effects for or in respect of which such Pro-bate. Letters of Administration, Confirmation or Eik respectively, shall be granted or expected, or whereof such Inventory shall be exhibited and recorded, exclusive of what the Deceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trufiee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially, shall be above the Value of 20l. and under the Value of iool. of the Value of iool. and under the Value of 200l. of the Value of 200l. and under the Value of 300l. 55 Geo. III. 4 C 0 10 0 2 0 0 500

55° GEORGII . HI,

44?., ! 8? j.

62 C.i ^4^.

SCHEDULE, PART III. Duty.

PROBATE, See. — continued. -f*d.

of the Value of 300l. and Under the Value of 450l. 8 0 0

of the Value of 450l. and under the Value of 600l. 11 0 0

of the Value of 600l. and under the Value of 800l. 1 c 0'0

of the Value of 800l. and under the Value of 1, 000]. j v 22 0 0

of the Value of r, ooool. and under the Value of 1*500l. 36 6 0

of the Value of 1, 5001. and under the Value of 2, ooool. - 46 0 r 0

of the Value of 2, ooool. and under the Value of 3, 0001. cd 0 0

of the Value of 3, ooool. and under the Value of 4, ooool. J w , 60 0 0

of the Value of 4, ooool. and under the Value of 5, cool. 80 0 0

of the Value of 5, ooool. and under the Value of 6, ooool. 1 - 100 0 0

of the Value of 6, ooool. and under the Value of 7, ocol. 120 0 0

of the Value of 7, ooool. and under the Value of 8, cool. 140 0 0

of the Value of 8, ooool. and under the Value of 9, occl. 160 0 0

of the Value of 9, 000l. and under the Value, of 10, cool. 180 0 0

of the Value of 10, 000l. and under the Value of i2, ooool. - 200 0 0

of the Value of i2, ooool. and upder the Value of 14, 0001. - 220 0 0

of the Value of 14, cool, and under the Value of i6, oocl. - 250 0 0

of the Value of i6, ooool. and under the Value of i6, ooool. 280 0 0

of the Value of i8, ooool. and under the Value of 2o, ooool. 310 0 0

of the Value of 20, cocl. and under the Value of 25, 0001. - 2 <50 0 0

of the Value of 25, 6001. and under the Value of 30, cool, n 400 0 0

of the Value of 30, 0001. and under the Value of 35, ooool. - 450 0 0

of the Value of 35, 0001. and under the Value of 40, 0001. 525 0 0

of the Value of 40, 000l. and under the Value of 45, 0001. 600 0 0

of the Value of 45, 0001. and under the Value of 50, 000l. 67 c 0 0

of the Value of 5o, occl. and under the Value of 6o, ooool. / j 750 0 0

of the Value of 6o, ooool. and under the Value of 70, 000l. # j - 000 0 c

of the Value of 70, 000l. and under the Value of 8o, ooooh 7 J, OCO 0 0

of the Value of 80, 000l. and under the Value of 90, 0001.*J 1, 200 O C

of the Value of 90, 0001. and under die Value of ioo, ooool. - 1, 2 50 O O

of thd Value of ioo, ooool. and under the Value of ize, cool. 1, CC0 0 0

of the Value of I2o, ooool. and under the Value of 140, 0001.*J 1, ^00 0 0

of the Value of 140, 0001. and under the Value of i6o, ccol. 2, 100 O C

of the Value of i6c, ooool. and under the Value of i8o, ooool. 2, 400 O O

of the Value of i8o, ooool. and under the Value of 2oo, ooool, 2, 700 0 0

of the Value of 2 -0, ooool. and under the Value of 250, 000l. 2, OCO O C

of the Value of 250, 00c!. and under the Value of 300, 0001. a1 3, 750 0 0

of the Value of 300, 000l. and under the Value of 350, 000l. 4, 500 0 0

of the Value of 350, 000l. and under the Value of 400, 000l. 5, 250 0 u

of the Value of 400, 0001. and under the Value of 500, 0001. 6, coo 0 0

of the Value of 500, 000l. and under the Value of 6oo, cool. 7, 500 0 0

of the Value of 6oo, ooool. and under the Value of 70^, 0001. 9, 000 0 c

of the Value of 700, 0001. and under the Value of 8oc, ocoI. 10, 500 0 0

of the Value of 8oo, oocl. and under the Value of 900, 0001. 12, 000 O O

of the Value of 900, 0001. and under the Value of i, oooo, ooool.3^00 O O

of the Value of 1, 000, ooool. and upward* - - 15, 000 0 c

LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION, without aWill annexed, to be granted

in England;

CONFIRMATION of any TESTAMENT dative, to be expected in any

Commissary Court in Scotland, where the Deceased shall have died

before or upon the 10th Day of O&pher 1808, and subsequent to the

1 oth Day of October 1804 \ 4

55° GEORGII : III.

C. 184.'

LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION, kc — continued.

INVENTORY to be exhibited and recorded ii* any Commissary Court in Scotland, of the Estate and Efie&s of any Person deceased who shall have died after the icth Day of O&Qbex 1808 without leaving any Testament or testamemary Disposition of his or her Perfoilal or Moveable Estate*or Effects, or any Part thereof;

Where the Estate and Effects for or in respect of which such Let-fcers of Administration or Confirmation respectively shall be granted or expected, or wherebf such Inventory shall be ex-hibited and recorded, exclusive of what the Deceased shall haw been possessed of or entitled to as a Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially, shall be

above the Value of 2ol*. and under the Value of 5c!. of the Value of job and under the Value of 100b of the Value of 100l. and under the Value of "cob of the Value of 20cl. and under the Value of 300l. of the Value of 300l. and under the Value of 450l. of the Value of 450b and under the Value of 600b of the Value of 600b and under the Value of 8rol. of the Value of 8ocl. and under the Value of i, oocl. of the Value of f, oocl. and under the Value of 1, 500! of the Value of 1, 500l. and under the Value of 2, oocb of the Val*: e of 2, cool, and under the Value of 3, ooool.

of the Value of 3, cool, and under the Value of 4, ocol.

of the Value of 4, ooool. and under the Value of 5, ocol. of the Value of 5, ooool. and under the Value of 6, ocol. of the Value of 6, ooool. and under the Value of 7, ooool. of the Value of 7, ocol. and under the Value of 8, ooool. of the Value of 8, 000b and under the Value of 9, 0001. of the Value of 9, 0001. and under the Value of 10, 000l. of the Value of to, ooool. and under the Value of 12, cool. -of the Value of 12, 000b and under the Value of 14, 0001.

of the Value of 14, 000b and under the Value of i6, ooool. of the Value of 16, 000b and under the Value of i8, ooool. -of the Value of 18, 000b and under the Value of 20, ocol. of the Value of 20, ooool. and under the Value of 25, 000l. of the Value of 25, 000l. and under the Value of 30, 000l. of the Value of 30, 0001. and under the Value of 35, 000l.

of the Value of 35, 000b and under the Value of 40, 0001. of the Value of 40, 0^0l. and under the Value of 45, 000b of the Value of 45, 000b and under the Value of 50, 000l. of the Value of 50, 000b and under the Value of 6o, ooool. -of the Value of 60, 000b and under the Value of 70, 000b -

of the Value of 70, 000b and under the Value of 8o, oocl. -of the Value of 8o, ooool. and under the Value of 90, 0001. of the Value of 90, 000b and under the Value of 100, cool. -of the Value of 100, 000l. and under the Value of j 20, 000b -of the Value of 120, 000b and under the Value of 140, 000b -of the Value of 140, 000b and under the Value of 160, 000b -of the Value of i <5o, oooob and tinder the Value of 1 80, 000b -nf the Value of 18o, ooool. and under the Value of 200, 000b -of the Value of 200, 006l. and under the Value of 250, 000b -of the Value of 250, 000l. and under the Value of 300, 000b -I 4C 2

sP. s. J.

0 10 0

I 0 0

3 0 0

8 0 0

] 1 0 0

*5 0 0

22 0 0

3° 0 0

45 0.0

60 0 0

75 0 0

90 0 0

120 0 0

1.50 0 0

180 0 0

210 0 0

240 0 c

270 0 0

300 0 0

330 0 0

575 0 0

420 0 0

465 0 0

525 0 0

600 0 0

675 0 0

785 0 0

900 0 0

1, 019 0 0

125 0 0

J»35° 0 0

L575 0 0

1, 800 0 0

2, 015 0 0

2, 250 0 0

2, 700 0 0

3, >5° 0 0

3, 600 0 0

4, 050 0 0

4, 500 0 0

S>^5 0 0

5^4 C.i8

55° GEORGII )!

A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART III.

LETTERS OF ADMINISTRATION, he. — continued.

of the Value of 300, 000l. and under the Value of 350, 0001. of the Value of 350, 0001. and under the Value of 400, 0001. -of the Value of 400, 0001. and under the Value of 5oo, oqo1. -of the Value of 500, 0001. and under the Value of 6o6, ooool.-of the Value of 6oo, ooool. and under the Value of 700, ood -of the Value of 7co, oocl. and under the Value of 800, cool. of the Value of 8oo, ooool. and under the Value of 900, oocl. -of the Value of 900, 0001. and under the Value of i, o©o, ooooL of the Value of i, oooo, ooool. and upwards

Exemptions from all Stamp Duties.

Probate of Will, Letters of Administration. Confirmation of Tflament, and Eik thereto, and Inventory of the If efts of any Common Sea* man, Marine or Soldier, who shall be fain or die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors:

Additional Inventory to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland; where the same shall not be liable to a Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon any former In-ventory exhibited and recorded of the lflaU swdJELff&s of the same Person.

LEGACIES and SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable Estate upon Inteftacy.

I. Where the Testator, Testatrix or Intefiate died before or upon the 5 th Day of April 1805.

For every Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of 201. or upwards, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument of any Person who I died before or upon the 5th Day of April 1805, out of his

or her Personal or Moveable Estate, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, after the 31st Day of Aug^ilt 1815.

Also for the clear Residue (when devolving to one Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when devolving to Two or more Persons) of the Personal or Moveable Estate of any Person who died before or upon the 5th Day of April 1805 (after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other Charges first payable thereout), whether the Title to such Residue, or any Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Disposition, or upon a partial or total Inteftacy $ where such Residue, or Share of Residue, shall be of the Amount or Value of 201. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, after the Thirty first Day of August 1815.

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sijler of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, on the Amount or Value thereof -

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit

Duty.

£. d.

6, 750 0 0

7.87$ 0 0

9, oco 0 0

11, 250 0 0

*3>5°o 0 0

*5*75° 0 0

18, 000 0 0

20, 250 0 0

22, 500 0 0

per Cent. 2 IO o

I

j

UEGACfES^Scc.^continued.

of ^Brother or Sjfter of the Father or Mother of the Deceasedy or.any Defendant of a-Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased i a Duty at and after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof Where any Rich Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, ftail have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceasedy or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Valug thereof -

And where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any other Degree of collateral Confdnguinity to the Deceased than is above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum osjl the Amount or Value thereof -

£. t. d.

per Cent. 400

per Cent. S' o. o

per Cent. 800

IT. Where the Testatory Testatrix or Intefatey fall have died after the $th Day of April 1805.

For every Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of 20l. or upwards, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5th Day of April 1805, either out of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate, or out of or charged upon his or her Real or Heritable Estate, or out of any Monies to arise by the Sale, Mortgage or other Disposition of his or her Real or Heritable Estate, or any Part thereof, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, Satisfied or discharged after the 31st Day of August 1815 :

Also, for the clear Residue (when devolving to One Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when devolving to Two or more Persons) of the Personal or Moveable Estate, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5th Day of April 1805, (after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies and other Charges first payable thereout), whether the Title to such Residue, or arty Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Disposition, or upon a partial or total Inteftacy; where such Residue, or Share of Residue, shall be of the Amount or Value of 201. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged after the 31st Day of August 1815 :

And also for the clear Residue (when given to one Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when given to Two or more Persons) of the Mohies to arise from the Sale, Mortgage or other Disposition, of any Real or Heritable Estate, directed to be sold, mortgaged, or otherwise disposed of, by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, of any Person, who shall nave died after the 5th Day of April 1805 (after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies and other Charges first made payable thereout, if any) where such Residue, or Share of

CVi8.f

Sf G EOR G ID m.

A.£>.i8*$w

i SCHEDULE, PART III.'Duty.

LEGACIES, &cc. — continued* /. f per Cent.

Residue, shall amount to 20l. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, retained or discharged after the 31st Day of August 1815: Where any such Legacy or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Child of the Deceased, or any DefCendant of a Child of the Deceased, or to or for the Benefit of the Father or Mother, or any lineal Ancejlor of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of One Pound per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof - loo

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a

Brother or Sister of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate per Cent.

of Three Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof 300

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased, or atiy Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent.

per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof 500

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall nave been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfa ther or Grandmother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate per Cent.

of Six Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof - 6 00

And where any such Legacy, or ReGdue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any other Degree of collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased than is above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in blood to the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value per Cent.

thereof - - r IOOOO

And all Gifts of Annuities, or by way of Annuity, or of any other partial Benefit or Interest, out of any such Estate or EfFe£b as aforesaid, shall be deemed Legacies within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule. And where any Legatee shall take Two or more distinct Legacies or Benefits under any Will or Testamentary Instrument, which shall together be of the Amount or Value of 201. each shall be charged with Duty, though each* or cither may be separately under that Amount or Value. Exemptions. Legacies, and Residues, or Shares of Re/iduey of any such Estate or

EjfeEls as ajorefuidy given or devolving to or for the Benef it of the Hiifand or Wife of the Deceased, or to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family. And all Legacies which were exempted from Duty by the Act passed in the 39th Year of His Majestys Reign, c. 73, for exempting certain specific Legacies given to Bodies Corporate, or other Public [ Bodies y from the Payment of Duty.

i

fit

C.k8$.

5^7

55° GEORGII > IH,

CAP. CLXXXV.

AG for repealing the Stamp Office Duties on Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold l and Silver Plate, Stage Coaches, and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof. [11th July 1815.]

*Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to grant certain additional Stamp and other Duties, towards raising the

necessary Supplies, to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, as shall be equal to the increased annual Charge occasioned by the Funding of Exchequer Bills, and by any Loan made, pursuant to any Act or Acts passed or to be passed

for that Purpose in this Session of Parliament; and it is also expedient to consolidate the additional with the exilling Duties: We, Your Majestys most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembed, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the several Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Duties upon Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Pamphlets and Gold and Silver Plate, granted by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the federal Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ shall cedfe and determine from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that all the Duties on Stage Coaches and on Licence* for keeping Stage Coaches, granted by the same Act, shall cease and determine from and after the Fourth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; save and except such of the said Duties, or so much and such Parts thereof, as shall have become due or payable before or upon those Days respectively, and remain in Arrear, or unpaid afterwards; all which Duties so in Arrear, or remaining to be paid, shall be recoverable by the fame ways and means, and with such and the same Penalties, and in such and the same manner, in all respects, as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in and throughout the whole of Great Britain, for and in respect of the several Articles, Matters and Things mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed (except those Handing under the Head of Exemptions) the several Duties or Sums of Money, set down in Figures against the fame respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth in the fame Schedule; and that the Duties on Stage Coaches and on Licences for keeping Stage Coaches therein mentioned, shall commence and take place fronv and after the Fourth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that all the other Duties therein mentioned shall commence and take place from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the said Schedule, and all the Regulations and Directions therein contained, with respect to the said Duties and the Articles, Matters and Things charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be part of this Act, and shall be observed and enforced accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain, which said Commissioners and the major Part of them are hereby empowered and required to provide and use proper and sufficient Plates, Stamps or Dies, for expressing dnd denoting the Duties hereby granted on Almanacks, Newspapers and Licences to keep Stage Coaches, upon the Paper on which the same shall be printed or written, and to alter and renew such Plates, Stamps or Dies from time to time as Occasion shall require; and also to employ such Officers and Merlons under them, and to do all such other Acts and Things as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the several Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or any former Commissioners of Stamps are or have been authorized to do, for the raising and collecting of any former Duties under their Care and Management, or for putting into Execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Duties hereby repealed, and to any prior Duties of the same Kind or Description, shall be of full Force and Effect, with respect to the Duties hereby granted, and to the Articles, Matters and Things charged or chargeable therewith, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, so far as the lame shall not be superseded by, and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been herein repeated, and specially enacted with Reference to the said-Duties hereby granted.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Queen Anne} intituled An Act for laying federal Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and Jhriped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted or Jlained; and upon several Kinds of Stampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of Lottery towards Her Majesty's Supply; and forlicenfing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing Her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons who

5 have

44 O.3. c. 98. Sch. (A.) (B.) in part made to ceale.

Exceptions.

Duties printed*'*as specified in Schedule annexed.

Duties when to commence.

Schedule part of

Aa.

Duties under Management of Commissionere of Stamps, who are to provide Stamps, See,

Powers, &c. of former Acts in force, and put iir Execution with regard to Duties granted.

10 Ann. c. 19. $112.

in part repealed.

j68 C. 185.

55* <?EORT51T ra.

A.D. 181j.

Forcing, See, Stamp: , See.

Death.

Forging,c. Gold and Silver Plate Duty Marks, See.

Death.

Printers* Apprentices, Sec. printing Almanacks without Sumps.

Discount allowed on Newspaper Stamps.

have not claimid their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lojl Exchequer Hills or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Use of the Public, as enacts, that the Author, Printer and Publisher of any Pamphlet, shall lose all Property of Copyright therein, unless the Duty of Two Shilling* for every Sheet of Paper which shall be contained in one printed Copy thereof shall have been duly paid, and the Title of such Pamphlet registered, so as any Person may fairly (a) print and publish the fame* shall be and the same as hereby repealed. (a) u [freely" vide 10 /inn*

C. 10. §. 112.1 ,

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure

forged or counterfeited, any Plate, Stamp or Die, or any Part of any Plate, Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, made or used, in pursuance of this or any former Act, for expressing and denoting any of the Duties granted by this or any former Act, on Almanacks, Newspapers and Licences to keep Stage Coaches, or shall Forge, counterfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or resembled, the Impression or any Part of the Impression of any such Plate, Stamp or Die upon any Paper whatsoever, or shall (lamp or mark, or cause or procure to be stamped or marked any Paper whatsoever, with any fuph forged or counterfeited Plate, Stamp or Die as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties hereby granted on Almanacks, Newspapers and Licences to keep Stage' Coidiefs; or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall utter, or fell, or expose to Sale any Paper, having tfietfetipdn the Lnprefflon of any such forged or counterfeited Plate, Stamp or Die, or Part of any Plate, Stamp or Die, or any such forged, counterfeited or resembled Impression, or Part of Impression as aforesaid, knowing the lame , respectively to be forged, counterfeited or resembled; or if iny Person shall privately and secretly use any Plate, Stamp or Die, which shall have been so provided, made or used as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; then every Person so offending, and every Person knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting or assisting any Person or Persons in committing any such Q(fence as aforesaid, and being thereoflawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy. f '7*' 11 1

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge of counterfeit, or cause Or pro&A Wl&e forged or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, made or used in pursuance of this or any former Act, relating to any Duties on Gold or Silver Plate made or wrought iti Great Britain, for the Purpose of marking or stamping any such Gold or Silver Plate, in the manner directed by any such Act, or shall forge, counterfeit or relemble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or resembled, the Impression of any such Mark, Stamp or Die, upon any such Gold or Silver Plate, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or if any Person shall mark or (lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any such Gold or Silver Plate, or any Vessel or Ware of base Metal, with any mch forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp or Die as aforesaid, or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece of Gold or Silver Plate to another, or to any Vessel or Ware of base Metal, any Impression made with any Mark, Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, "made or used in pursuance 01 this or any former Act, for the Purpose of marking or damping of any such Gold or Silver Plate as aforesaid; or if any Person shall fell, exchange or expose to Sale, or export out of Great Britain, any such Gold or Silver Plate, or any Vessel or Ware of base Metal, having thereupon the Impref-iion of any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp or Die. as aforesaid, or any forged, counterfeited or resembled Impression of any Mark, Stamp or Die, so provided, made or used as aforesaid, or any Impression of any such Mark, Stamp or Die, which shall have been transposed or removed from any other Piece of Plate as aforesaid, knowing the fame respectively to be forged or counterfeited, or transposed or removed a*, aforesaid; or if any Person shall wilfully and without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused) have or be possessed of any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp or Die, as aforesaid, or shall privately and secretly use any Mark, Stamp or Die, so provided, made or used as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors $ then every Person so offending, and every Person knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting or aflifling any Person or Persons in committing any such Offence as aforesam, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall fnffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII^. And be it further enacted, That if any Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant of any Printer or Printers, shall, without his or their Knowledge, print at his or their Press any Almanack or Calendar, or any Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of an Almanack or Calendar, liable to any Duty imposed by this Act, upon any Paper not duly stamped for denoting such Duty, it shall be lawful for any Person or rerfon9 to seize and apprehend any such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant so offending, and to carry him before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division or Place where the Oifence shall be committed)and it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace to commit any such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant so offending, and being thereof convicted, by his own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before such Justice of the Peace, to the House of Correction, for any time not exceeding Theee Calendar Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a Discount, after the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Centum, on the prompt Payment of any Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards for the Duties on Newspapers granted by this Act, Hull be allowed to all Proprietors of Newspapers, who shall fell their Papers to the Public at a Price not, exceeding Seven pence each, or at a Price not exceeding Two pence Halfpenny each, above the Price at which their Papers were fold, for the Space of Three Calendar Months or more, prior to the Twenty second Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven; and that a Discount, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum and no more, on the prompt Payment of any Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards for the

A.D. 1815.

53° GEPRPH III.

C, l85. 569

Neftfpjpon

Damped, to tlif-tinguKh Dif* count.

Price of Newspaper* printed.

Omission, and felling at higher Price, See.

Per.il: y.

Duties on Newspapers granted by this Act, shall be allowed to the Proprietors of Newspapers, who shall fell their Papers to the Public at any higher Price than that above mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps shall provide Two Sets of Stamps for denoting the Duties hereby granted on Newspapers, one of which shall e^press the Allowance of Discount of Twenty Pounds per Centum, and the other not; and the Set of Stamps so expressing the Discount of Twenty Pounds per Centum shall be used for flamping the Paper of the Persons to whom that Discount shall be allowed; and the other Set of Stamps shall be used for flamping the Paper of the Persons to whom the Discount of Four Pounds per Centum shall be allowed: And if any Person or Persons shall print or cause or procure to be printed, any Newspaper, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, without printing thereon the full Price at which the fame is to be sold, or shall feu or expose to Sale any such Paper or Newspaper at any greater Price than shall be printed thereon, pr shall priht or cause or procure to be printed on any such Paper or Newspaper, which shall be stamped with the Stamp expressing the larger Discount, any Price exceeding that, in respect of which the larger Discount is hereby directed to be allowed, or shall sell or expose to Sale any such Paper or Newspaper so stamped as last mentioned, at or for any Price exceeding that, in respect of which the larger Discount is hereby directed to be allowed, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Paper or J^ewfpaper so printed or sold or exposed to Sale as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XI. And Whereas divers Hackney Coaches have hitherto been licensed by the Commissioners of

Hackney Coaches to be used as Stage Coaches, and the Coaches so licensed have been exempted from the ' Mileage Duties on Stage Coaches, and have paid only the fame Duties as Hackney Coaches regularly

employed as such, although they are prohibited from plying as Hackney Coaches, and are Stage Coaches ' to all Intents and Purposes: And Whereas it is expedient that all Stage Coaches should be placed on the fame Footing and be subject to the fame Duties* Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all such Parts of any Act or Acts of Parliament as authorize the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches to license any Hackney Coaches to be used as Stage Coaches, and as exempt the Owners of Hackney Coaches already so licensed, from taking out Licences from the Commissioners of Stamps; and from the Payment of the Mileage Duties on Stage Coaches, and from the Provisions of any Act or Acts relating to Stage Coaches, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Owners of Hackney Coaches now employed as Stage Coaches shall be liable to take out Licences from the Commissioners of Stamps, and be subject to such and the fame Duties and to such and the fame Provisions and Regulations as the Owners of any other Stage Coaches.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, none of the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches shall be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the Owners or Drivers of Stage Coaches, duly licensed by the Commissioners of Stamps, and paying the Mileage Duty, from taking up Passengers, within the Bills of Mortality, out of the Paved Streets of London or Westminster or Borough of Southward, and any Continuation thereof, so that they do not deviate from their regular Road for that Purpose.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by this Act, and from the Duties granted by another Act of the present Session of Parliament, and thereby placed under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps, and from the several other Duties now under the Management of the fame Commissioners, together with the Sums to be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Compensation for the Exemption of their Promissory Notes and Bills from Stamp Duty, pursuant to the Directions of the said other Act of the present Session, shall be paid into the yands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in Great Britain; who shall from time to time pay the same into the Bank of England f

for safe Custody, pursuant to the Act in that case made and provided, and shall thereafter pay the same (after deducting the Charges of raising, collecting and accounting for the fame and all other Charges first payable thereout, and with the Exception of any Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets) into the Receipt Exception, of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster in one Sum, and at such times and in such manner as the present

Stamp Duties are by the Laws in force directed to be paid; and that the Monies so paid into the said Receipt ConsoliJjted shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain. Fund.

4A G. 3. c. 88.

§ 1.

44 G. 3. c. 98. Sch. (B.) in part repealed. Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches licenced by Commissioners of Sumps.

Stage Coaches not prohibited from taking up i'afiengers in Bills of Mor-ttliy.

Duties paid to Receiver Gene-nl, and by him into Exchequer. Ante, c. 184.

5«.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand Ap; Topri..tion of eight hundred and fifteen, out of the Monies so to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, ^utk's* there shall be set apart, on the Fifth Day of January in every Year, so much of the Net Produce of the Duties on Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Pamphlets, Gold and Silver Plate and Stage Coaches, hereby granted, and of the yearly Per Centage Duty on Fire Infurauces, and the augmented Legacy Duties, granted by the aforesaid Act of the present Session of Parliament, as shall be the just and due Proportion Ante, c. 184 thereof, iu respect of the Augmentations made by this and that Act to the present Duties on those several Articles; and there shall also be set apart, at tire fame time, the Surplus of the Net Produce of the Duties hereby granted on Stage Coach Licences, and of the several Duties granted by the aforesaid Act of the present Session of Parliament, except the Yearly Per Centage Duty on Fire Insurances, and the several Legacy Duties, after deducting out of such Net Produce Yearly (and so in Proportion for less than a Year) the Sum of Three Millions three hundred and thirty three thousand six hundred and forty two Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence, being the aggregate Amount of the Net Yearly Produce of the Duties on Stage Coach Licences hereby repealed, and of the Duties repealed by the aforesaid Act of the present Session of Parliament, (except the yearly Per Centage Duty on Fire Insurances, and the several Legacy Duties) upon an Average of Two Years ending on the Fifth Day of January last; and there shall also be set apart, at 55 Geo. III. 4 I)^the

57o

Ante, c. 184.

48 G. 3. «. 149

1*5-

C. 185. 5j° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

the same time, so much of the Sum to be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Composition for the Stamp Duties on their Notes and Bills pursuant to the Directions of the aforesan} Act of the prest*nt Session, as shall exceed the Sum hitherto paid by them under a former Act; and thal the several Sums of Money, so to be set apart as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Addition to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by any Loaa made or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament 5 and after setting apart the several Sums aforesaid, all the Rest and Residue of the Monies so to be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid (including the before mentioned Sum of Three Millions three hundred and thirty three thousand six hundred and forty two Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence), shall be considered as the Produce of Duties granted for the Purpose of defraying the Annual Charge of Public Debt created in former Years, and shall be apportioned and appropriated accordingly in the Accounts of the Consolidated Fund and of the Public Debt of Great Britain, in such and the same manner as the Net Produce of the Duties now under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps would have been, in case this Act and the said other Act of the present Session of Parliament had not been made.

The SCHEDULE to which this A6i refers.

ADVERTISEMENT contained in the London Gazette, or in any other Newspaper or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, printed and published in Great Britain; that is to say, for every such Advertisement -

ADVERTISEMENT contained in or published with any periodical Pamphlet whatsoever, printed and published in Great Britain, or in or with any Part or Number of any Book or Literary Work published in Parts or Numbers, for every such Advertisement ALMANACK or CALENDAR, or any Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of an Almanack or Calendar, for auy time not exceeding One Year ALMANACK or Calendar, or any Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of an Almanack or Calendar for several Years 5 for each Year for which such Almanack or Calendar shall be made or intended -

ALMANACK or Calendar Perpetual, or any Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of a Perpetual Almanack or Calendar -

NEWSPAPER, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public; that is to say, for every Sheet, Half Sheet, or other Piece of Paper, whereof the same shall consist -

PAMPHLETS, or Books, or Papers commonly so called, printed and published in Great Britain, containing One Whole Sheet, and not exceeding Eight Sheets, in Octavo, or any lesser Page, or not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any Kind of Paper contained in One Copy thereof -

And all Parts or Numbers of any Book, or Literary Work, published in Parts or Numbers, exceeding One Whole Sheet, but not exceeding Eight Sheets, in Octavo, or any lefier Page, or not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, shall be deemed Pamphlets.

Exemptions from the Duties on Pamphlets, Newspapers and Advertisements.

Acts of Parliament, Proclamations, Orders of Council, Forms of Prayer and Thanksgiving, and A3s of State, ordered to be printed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Sutcessors.

Printed Votes, or other Matters, by Order of either House of Parliament.

Boohs commonly used in the Schools of Great Britain.

Books containing only Matters of Devotion or Piety.

Any Paper containing a single Advertisement printed and dispersed separately.

Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods, imported and exported> and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, provided such Bills or Accounts do not contain any other Matter than what hath been usually comprised therein.

PLATE of Gold made or wrought in Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, allayed and marked in Great Britain, for every Ounce thereof, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity -

Exemption. — Gold Watch Cases.

PLATE of Silver made or wrought in Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, assayed or marked in Great Britain, for every Ounce thereof, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity -

Exemptions.

All Watch Cases, Chains, Necklace Beads, Lockets, Philligree Work, Shirt Buckles or Broache$, Stamped Medals, and Spouts to China> Stone or Earthenware' Tea Pots, of Silver, of any Weight whatsoever.

Quty.

/ d. 036

0 3 6

01 3/

i

o 1 3; O to O'

004.

6 3 o

; 7

I r

per Ounce, o 17 o*

016

j

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 185, 186. 57'

Exemptions — continued.

Tippings, Swages or Mounts, not weighing Ten Pennyweights of Silver each, and not teing Necks or Collars for Cajlors, Cruets or Glasses appertaining to any Sorts of Stands or Frames, Wares of Silver not weighing Five Penny weights of Silver each, but this Exemption not to include Necks, Collars and Tops, for Cajlors, Cruets or Glasses, appertaining to any Sort of Stands or Frames; Buttons to be affixed to qr Jet on any Wearing Apparel, solid Silver Buttons, and Solid Studs, not having a bevelled Edge soldered on. Wrought Seals, Blank Seals, Bottle Tickets, Shoe Clasps, Patch Boxes, Salt Spoons, Salt Ladles, Tea Spoons, Tea Strainers, Caddy Ladles, Buckles and Pieces of Garnish, Cabinets, or Knife Cases, or Tea Chejls, or Bridles, or Stands or Frames.

STAGE COACHES; that is to say, any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence or other Carriage with Two or more Wheels, by what Name soever the fame may be called or known, which shall be employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage for conveying Passengers for Hire, to or to and from any Place ' or Places in Great Britain, and which shall be licensed for carrying not more than

_____Four Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted), for every Mile any such Coach or

other Carriage shall travel -

- which shall be licensed for carrying more than Four but not more than Six Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted), for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel*- w - whach shall be licensed for carrying more than Six but not more than Eight Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted), for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel

- which shall be licensed for carrying more than Eight but not more than Ten inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted), for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel

- which shall be licensed for carrying more than Ten inside Passengers (Childreu in Lap excepted), for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel

LICENCE to be taken out yearly by the Person or Persons who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence or other Carriage with Two or more Wheels, by whatsoever Name the fame may be called or known, to be employed as a Stage Coach or Carriage for conveying Passengers for Hire to or to and from any Place or Places in Great Britain; that is to say, for each such Coach or other Carriage -

Duty.

£. s. d*

o 3

004; o o 4I 00 5I

o 10 o

CAP. CLXXXVI.

An Act for granting an additional Sum of Money for providing a suitable Residence and Estate for the Duke of Wellington and his Heirs, in Confederation of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Duke to His Majesty and the Public.

[1 ith July 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 53 G. 3. c. 4.

Act for granting a Sum of Money for purchasfing an Effiate for the Marquis of Wellington and his 4Heirs, in Confsideration of the eminent and ffignal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to

His Majestiy and the Public: And Whereas another Act, passed in the said Fifty third Year of the Reign of 53 3- c. 133.

His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the present Sejffion of Parliament, for granting a 4 Sum of Money for purchasfing an Effiate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Confsideration of the eminent andffignal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majestiy and the Public: And

; 4 Whereas sin Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for settling and securing an Annuity 54 c J* c*I^1* 4 on Arthur Duke of Wellington and his Heirs; and for empowering the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to advance, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, a Sum of Money in lieu (f 4 such Annuity to purchase an Effiate, in order to accompany the said Title in Consideration of the eminent ffignal Services performed by the said Duke of Wellington to His Majestiy and to tlse Public; and for making further Provision for the Dtfposal of a Sum of Money granted by an Act of the lassi Session of Parliament for purchasing , an Effiate for the said Duke then Marquis of Wellington: And Whereas His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of Your Majesty, by His most Gracious Message to Your Majesty's 'most faithful Commons, hath been pleased to declare, that having taken into His Consideration the most important and glorious Victory obtained by Field Marshalthe Duke of Wellington over the French Army tinder the immediate Command of Buonaparte on the Eighteenth Day of June> is desirous of manifesting the 4' Sense entertained by His Royal Highness and the Country of this signal and splendid Achievement wh; ch has added fresh Renown to the British Arms, and which cannot fail to be productive of the most essentiai Advantages to Europe; and therefore recommended to Your Majesty's faithful Commons to enable His Royal Highness to grant such additional Provision to Field Marshal the Duke of Wellington as fhodjd afford a further Proof of the Opinion entertained by Parliament of the Duke of Wellington1* transeendant |4 Services, and of the Gratitude and Munificence of the British Nation p Now, Wc Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament assembled, duly considering

4 D 2 Your

5 7 J C.i86.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18f5

2oo, ocol issued to Trustees under Alts for providing suit-abie Residence and Eltare for Duke of Wellington.

Trustees under Alts, Trustees for Purposes of

A a.

Warrant and Debentures made forth, without Fee.

Warrant not revocable.

Treasury, &c. to do necessary AOs.

Acquittances of Trustees, &c. fufiiccnt.

Tax free.

In default of Payment Officers of Exchequer prosecuted.

Trustees not able to lay out Money immediately in providing Residence or Eft ate, they shall invest it in Exchequer Bills, ice.

Powers of Alii extended to Alt,

Your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall and may be issued any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, to the Trustees under the said recited Acts for better enabling the said Trustees to build or provide or p nr chafe a fui table Residence and Estate for the said Duke of Wellington and his Heirs.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the time being for the Purposes of the said recited Acts shall be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and shall have all such Powers and Authorities, and be entitled to all such Rights, Privileges and Exemptions, and shall be subject to all the fame Provisions and Regulations in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by this Act, as they have and are entitled to in relation to the Trulls of the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain now being, or any Three or more of them, and the Lord High Treasurer and Under JYea-surer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands* to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures for paying the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds to such Trustees respectively as aforesaid, to the said Duke of Wellington and the Heirs of the said Di/ke of Wellington, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the same without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That after signing of any such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve!) or any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury^ or the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Treasury now being, and the Lord High Treasurer of the said Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the said Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer and the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and ftriHly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the Payments hereby directed effectual.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance and Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Trustees respectively for the Sum so to be advanced to them, and of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Heirs of the said Duke of Wellington jointly with the fame Trustees, or of such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled or authorized to receive such Sum as aforesaid, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum so to be advanced, without any further or other Waitant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that such Sum so to be advanced and every Part thereof shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Im-pofltions, and other Public Charges whatsoever; and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or negleJft to pay the said Sum so to be advanced, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall refuse to do any Act necessary to enable the said Trustees respectively, and the said Duke of Wellington and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, or such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the same, then the said Trustees respectively, and Duke, and the Heirs of the said Duke, and such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the same, or any Part thereof, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Executors and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall or may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Sum, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if on the Payment of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds to such Trustees as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall not be able immediately to invest the fame in the building, providing or purchasing of any such Residence or Estate as aforesaid, then and in such case the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to lay out such Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, so to be advanced or paid to them, or such Part thereof as cannot be so invested as aforesaid in Exchequer Bills, or in any other Government Securities, and to keep the fame so invested in Exchequer Bills, or some other Government Securities, bearing Interest, until the fame can be invested in any fucfti Purchase as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Clauses in the said recited Acts contained, for enabling the said Tnkftees therein mentioned to build or repair or

alter

A.D. 181j. 55° GEORGII III. C. 186, 187. 573

alter any Mansion House upon any Land* to be purchased under the said recited Acts and this Act, and for the providing a suitable Residenee and Estate for the said Duke of Wellington and hie Heirs, shall extend to this Act, and to the applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds granted by this Act for or towards the providing a suitable Residenee and Estate for the said Duke of Wellington9 and his Heirs, and laying out the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, for that Purpose, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were severally and Separately repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Residenee and Estate which shall be provided for the (hid Duke of Residenee and Wellington under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall be and be deemed to be bolden by Efta*c Prov'J#d the said Duke and his Heirs, and the Persons who may be entitled thereto, of His Majesty, his Heirs and vJretRneton Successors, as of his Castle of Windsor, in Free and Common Soccage by Fealty, and rendering to His holden of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on the Eighteenth Day of June in every Year, at the Ctfftle of Windsor, Majesty, &c. One Tri-coloured Flag, for all manner of Rents, Services, Exjiftions and Demands whatever.

CAP. CLXXXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. [11th July 1815.]

f I-

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

3>oooo*xx> o o Surplus of Consolidated Fund - -")

15, 000, 000 o o Part of Monies in Exchequer to complete 20, 500, 000l. granted out of Produee of War Taxes for 1814, and to complete 24, 000*000l. to be raised by Annuities for 1814.

14 o Being Parts of 758, 0761. arisen from Sale of

Old Naval and Vifttialling Stores 6 o Being Parts of 758*976l. arisen from Sale of:

Old Naval and Viftuelling Stores

669, 684

89, 291

668, 807

2, 812, 400

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1815.

o o Surplus of Consolidated Fund (Irish Currency.)

1

© o

For Service of Zetland.

See § XXVI. &c. 'Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Ireland for 1815.

Amount of Exchequer Bilk charged on Supplies' of 1814, subscribed to be funded pursuant to.,

Resolutions of House of Commons of 20th April [> eQ 0, ma*e S°g(a and 18th May 1815. - - -i the Su^'

From the War Duties The following Sums 5 viz.

3, 000, 000 o o Produce of Malt and Pension Act 55 G. 3. r.

22, 000, 000 o o

IX.

o o Exchequer Bills

( Deducting One third for Ireland)«36, 000, 000 o o Annuities (after remitting

9, 000, 000l. to Ireland) -

Exchequer Bills and Annuities (See f VI.)

1, 500, 000 Q o Exchequer Bills Ditto

(granted above, $11.)

(granted above, $ III.)

(granted above, $ VI.)

(granted above, $ VII.)

(granted above, $ I.)

12, 500, 000

Lotteries

4, 500, 000

15, 000, 000

669, 684

2, 812, 400

22, 000)000

3, 000, 000

O

O

*4

0

O

o

3

4 73

c. 124 r. 74 r.149

f. 148

The following Sums; viz.

2, 323, 750 o o Treasury Bills ") coming into Irish Currency ( the Irish Share of Lotteries C Exchequer

9, 000, 000 o o Annuities J under the Acts

!granted above, $ IV.) granted above, $ V.)

89, 291 6 o

668, 807 o o X. Appropriation; viz

c. 124

Appropriated to Uses herein after expressed. See § X. &c.

Appropriated

herein after

to Uses expressed.

See 1 XXVI. &c.

I9>Q32>700

1, 615, 250

2, 286, 375

9 56>5°° 318, 500 2, 000, 000

1 For Naval Services; that is to say.

For Wages of 70, 000 Men, 1 A For Victuals, I/*1*'

For Wear and Tear of Ships, -zanffr ForGrdnance for Sea Service Towards Debt of the Navy.

is to say, sff. x. d-fD')At perf15

fcM

For 13 Months.

574

C.i87*

355, 000 0 0

502, 500 0 0

430, 000 0 0

70, 000 0 0

1, 371, 426 12 9

907*501 19 2

67, 232 16 0

2, 116, 710 0 0

T, 188, 757 0 0

97*45 2 9

3*309*35 3 0

156, 286 a 5

181, 3674 0

2, 811 12 6

XI. 1: 650, 000 0 0

XII. 5, 000, 000 0 0

XIII. 1, 000, 000 0 0

XIV. 1, 451, 056 8 3

XV. 39, 248, 035 16 4*

3*55*58 0 0

10, 900 0 0

245, 000 0 0

85, 000 0 0

200, 000 0 0

60, 000 0 0

106, 000 0 0

70, 000 0 0

218, 000 0 0

7, 000 0 0

427, 000 0 0

30, 000 0 0

150, 000 0 0

237, 000 0 0

12, 000 0 0

60, 000 0 0

25, 000 0 0

55° GEORGII III.

For Wage* of 20, 000 Men, ").For Victuals, (

For Wear and Tear of Ships, f

- , J

£. s.

1 At per f' \S > Mantor < 0

Month. 3

d.

6

3

o

0

A.D. 1815.

For 10 Lunar Months commencing ill April

iBrf

> For the Year 1815.

For Ordnance for Sea Service]

For Salaries and Expences of Admiralty, See For Half Pay, See. to Officers of Navy and Marines, See.

For Superannuations, Sec. in Admiralty For Building and Repairs of Ships of War and Extras -

For Provisions for Troops and Garrisons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on Board Ships of War and Transports For Salaries and Contingencies of Transport Office and Offices for Sick and Wounded Seamen and Prisoners of War -

For Transport Service -

For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad -

For Prisoners of War at Home and Abroad For Superannuations to Clerks, See. belonging to Transport Service For paying off remainder of Bills of Credit under 54 G. 3. c. 13.

To make good Engagements which His Majesty has entered into with the Emperor of Austria* the Emperor of RuJJta and the King of Prussia.

To enable His Majesty to carry into Execution the Conditions of a Convention with the King of Sweden dated 13th Aug. 1814.

To enable His Majesty to make good Subsidiary Engagements entered into with Foreign Powers previous to the Year 1815.

For Land Forces and other Services 5 that is to say,

For Land Forces at Home and Abroad (excepting Regiments in Possession of East India Company and Foreign Corps in British Pay)

For Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of Foot for Recruiting Corps employed in Territorial Possessions of East India Company For embodied Militia of United Kingdom and Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall For Pay of General Officers in Forces, not being-Colonels of Regiments

For General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hospitals serving with Forces and Charge of Garrisons - For full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces For principal Officers of certain Public Departments in United Kingdom, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences -

For. Fees expelled to be paid at Exchequer by Paymaster General of Land Forces on Issues for Army Services For Half Pay to Reduced Officers of Land Forces For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces

For In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital and of Royal Hospital near Kilmainham For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines -

For Local Militia of Great Britain For Foreign Corps in Service of Uuited Kingdom For Allowances to retired Chaplains and to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad and Expences of Office of Chaplain General and Contingencies -

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces and other Hospital Contingencies For Allowances on Compassionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of Land Forces, and to Wi-lS

From 25 Dec. 1814* to, 24 Junt 1815.

A.D. 18jj.

100, 000 o o

200.000 O O

135.000 O o

55, 000 o o 6, 750 o o

3, 169, 622 7 5 1

10, 942 16 3

701, 702 18 6

106, 496 13 9

242, 103 19 8

35, 086 2 5

97*36° 7 JO Cm O

111, 000 0 0 u Ui

127, 387 16 2 u '5 cr t

12, 218 18 2 B p CO 0 <M

3*7*2347 4 > a, < B 0 0

57*443910 0 Eh

112, 038 4 8

210, 000 0 0

586, 715 4 0

6, 450 16 11

55° GEORGII III.

dows of Officers of said Forces not entitled to Pension, including Allowances as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to several Officers, and to Relatives of deceased Officers

For Commissariat Establishment in Ireland, including Charge of Forage for Cavalry in that Part of the United Kingdom -

For Barrack Department in Ireland For Regiments of Militia remaining in an Embo-7 died State - -.- f

For Volunteer Corps in United Kingdom For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their paying held Public Offices of a Civilnature* -

"Land Forces at Home and Abroad (excepting Regiments employed in Territorial Possemons of East India Company and Foreign Troops in British Pay) including Charge of Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, &c. Charge of Clothing Non Commissioned Officers, &c. Charge of Agency 5 and Charge of Annual Allowances made to Field Officers, &c. and Allowance for Farriery, as also certain miscellaneous Charges on Account of said Forces Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps employed in Territorial Possessions of East India Company Corps of Militia of United Kingdom remaining in an embodied State Pay of General Officers in Land Forces not being Colonels of Regiments General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hospitals serving with Forces and Charge of Garrisons Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces Allowances toprincipalOmcers of several Public Departments in United Kingdom, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences. Exchequer Fees in Great Britain and of 1 Poundage, Pells and Hospital Fees in Ireland upon I flues made for Army Services.Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces, " including Reduced Officers of British American Forces and of Scutch Brigade late in Service of States General Military Allowances to Reduced Officers of Land Forces including British American Forces -

In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals and Internal Expences of said Hospitals -

Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of Land Forces, and Expences attending fame in United Kingdom -

Volunteer Corps in United Kingdom Local Militia maintained in Great Britain Foreign Corps in Service of United Kingdom Allowances to Retired Chaplains, and Allowances to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, including Expences of Office of Chaplain General and other Contingencies

From 25th Dee. 1814. to 24th jFeb, 1815.

From 25th Dec, 1814. to 24th June 1815.

From 25th Dee. 1814. to 24th Dec, 1815.

For the Year 1815.

76 e.i&7.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

384, 260

1, 200, 000

50, 000

50, 000

to 24th Dec 1815.

1 11

o o

o o o o

XVI.

4, 262 13 ll I j Medicine* and Surgical Material* for Land

Forces and of other Hospital Contin- 1 r._

gencies..J. From 25th Dec. 1814.

32, 162 6 3 Allowances on Compassiooate Lift to Chil-

dren of deceased Officers of Land Forces and to Widows of Officers of said Forces not entitled to Pension, including Allowances as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to several Officers and to Relatives of deceased Officers

189, 581 8 o Commissariat Department in Ireland,

eluding Charge of Forage for Cavalry in that Part of United Kingdom 7, 437 18 5 Allowances, Compensations and Emolu-

ments in Nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature For Augmentations to His Majesty's Land Forces In the Year 1815.

For Corps of Militia of United Kingdom and 7 From 25th June to Royal Miners of Devon and Cornwall embodied ' 24th Dec. 1815.

For Augmentation to Staff of Land Forces

For additional Charge on Account of Medicines, 1 - v 0

Surgical Materials and Hospital Contingencies'*or 1 e Year for Land Forces -

50, 000 o o For Pay and Allowances for certain British Officers 7 From 25th Dec 1814.

attached to the Portuguese Army - -J to 24th Dec. 1815.

For Barrack Department in Great Britain -7

For Commissary in Chief's Department, exclusive T a v 0 of any PurdU. of Specie - - [ the Yeu l8l$*

For Store Keeper General's Department

For further Expence of Barrack Department in 1 From 2Cth Dec. 1814. to Ireland (British Currency net) - - { 24th Dec. 1815.

47, 002 o 6 For further Sum which may be eventually required") Between 25th June and for Commissariat in Ireland (Irish Currency net) J 24th Dec. 1815.

For Works intended to be done in Depot Burracks at Cork (Irish Currency). On Account Charge of Disembodied Militia of) Between 24th June 181$.

United Kingdom - -J and ifthDec. following.

Towards making good amount of Bills of Exchange )

drawn upon Lorda Commissioners of His Majesty's j «.. 0 ,

Treasury for extraordinary Expences of Army, I Between 24th Dec.iSi$.

and which have been paid out of Money issued to an 1 1014.

Paymaster of Forces 3, 983, 43593$ For extraordinary Expences of Army incurred and

paid -

3.000. 000 o o On Account of extraordinary Services of Army of Great Britain and Ireland

9.000. 000 o o For further defraying extraordinary Expences of

Army of Great Britain and Ireland 3, 387, 962 17 10 For Office of Ofdnance for Land Service fori Great Britain -.- J

20, 591 o 4 Ditto not provided for in 1813.

51, 046 3 8 Ditto Ditto 1814.

143, 902 18 7 Ditto Great Britain on*)

account of Allowances to retired General Officers, to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers seconded, to Officers for good Services, and to Wounded Officers, to Superannuated and Disabled Men, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late belonging to several Ordnance Military Corps - - J

22, 525 19 6 For Allowance to superannuated. Retired and*)

Half Pay Officers, to Officers seconded, to j

99, 826 1 >099, 961

91, 600

13>322

3»323

50, 000

o o o o

o o 14 4

o o o o

8, 000, 000 f> o

From 23d Dec. 1813-tw 24th Dec. 1814.

For the Year 1815.

Forthe Year 1815.

For the Year 1815.

A.D. 1815.

Sf GEORGII III.

0.167.

hNot provided for in 1814.

For the Year 1815.

In the Year 1814.

In the Year 1814.

For the Year 1615.

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIIL

XXIV.

Civil

XXV.

Officers for good 'Services, to superauouated and Disabled Men, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late belonging to several Ordnance Military Corps m Great Britain -

149423 10 7 For Allowances, &c. in Nature of Superannuated"] or retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great £ retain f in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and for Widows'

Pensions

792 I 4 For Allowances, &c. in nature of Superannuated' or retired Allowances to Peri >ns late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain in refaett of their having held any Public Offices of Employments of a Civil Nature not provided for J 68, 833 19 o To Commissioners under 54 £.5. r.43. for Compensation to Proprietors of Lands at Portsmeutb purchased for purposes of A A. [See ante, e, 123.] 332»MT 2 0 For Office of Ordnance for Ireland For the Year 1815.

43, 673 16 10 For Services performed by Office of Ordnance^for Ireland not provided for 12, 902 13 5 For Office of Ordnance in Ireland on Account of;

Pay of Retired Officers of late Irish Artillery ana Engineers, and of Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame 3, 174 16 5 For Allowances, &c. in nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons kte belonging to Office of Ordnance in Ireland in rrfpeft of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and for Widows'

Pensions

© o For discharging Outstanding Exchequer Bills under 54 G.3. ee. 18. 39. o o Ditto - for the Service of the Year 1814.

o o Ditto - under 54 G. 3. c. 80.

o o Ditto - c. 79.

O o Ditto - (as rriatee to Great Britain) 188.

9 2 To make good like Sum rifaed pursuant to Addreflet of the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

7 19 3 J Ditto, stablishments; viz.

3, 301 10 o Bahama Islands 1, 023 O O Bermudas or Somers Ifiande 600 o o Dominica -

9, 920 O O Upper Canada -

13, 440 o o Nova Scotia -

0, 055 o o New Btunfwkb -

2, 194 o O Cape Breton -

3, 826 q o Saint John (now called Prince Edward IslanJ)

12, 797 15 o New South Wales -

15, 760 O o Sierra Leone -

5, 080 o o Newfoundland -

30.000 o o For British Forts on Ceeft of Africa for 2815.

14^000 o o For Royal Military College

15.000 o o — Asylum at Chelsea

15.000 0 o -"

12, 500, 000 15, 000, 000 1, 500, 000 5, 500, 700 2, 940, 200 it >93*

From lit Jan. to 31st Dec. 1815.

-1 From Dec. 25th 1814. -J tty June 24th 1815.

&>3S7 7 Si f

For Clergy and Laity of France, Ttmkand Emigrants, Saint Domingo Softener., and Dutch Naval Officers.

4*344 >4 6, 681 18

11 k

15, 000 O Q

55 Geo. III.

- To foveral Ffersons for Public Services, not being part of Ordi-0 ussy Expenditure of Civil List.

For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores*

For Parliameutary Serviced, or Sendees of a Public Def.

kP J ©rfotione To make Compenmtioik to Commissioners under 43 G. 3. c. 39. for appointing Commissioners for distriboring Money ftiptifated to he paid by United States of America^ under Convention between His Majesty and the United States*

4E

[Ilia

577

578 q.187.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

4, 500 o

19, 797 1©

56.187 5

0, 000 o

1, 903 o 107 o

4>493 o 2, 110 o 6, 590 o

60.000 o

20.000 o

50.000 o 236 o 60 o

266 13 1, 200 o

146 16

2.500 o

10.000 2

16.000 O -

6, 000 0

2.500 o 3, 628 14

1

For Works and Repairs done at

o

o

21, 000 O'o

3, 5°0 o 1, 880 o

4, 200 0 0

i>673 17 0

4, 298 2 6

753 12 6

1*615 H -O

18, 000 0 0

1, 166 H 10

3, 000 0 0

12, 000 0 0

77.283 5 0

14, 000 0 0

5>QQO 0 0

20, 000 0 0

4, 000 0 9

2, 000 0 0

For paying off on 5th April 1815. Debentures raised in purfu^pce of 53 G.3.

For I^alf Year's Interest to 5th April 1815. on Sum raised by Debentures in pursuance of 53 G. 3. cc. 41. 53.

For paying off on 5th April 1815. Annuities granted by 37 G.$.c» 57.

and 42 G.3. cM$.

For Amount of Bills drawn from New South) Yor the Year 18 ic Wales - - -j*

Fleet Prison Marshalsea Prison - J

King's Bench Prison - ! From 6th Jan. 1814. Rolls House Chapel, &c. j to 5th Jan, 1815. House of Parliament and

Speaker's House - J

For Penitentiary House at Millhank - For Roads and Bridges in Highlands of Scotland under 43 G* 3- r. 80.

For Inland Navigation from Eafiem to Western Sea by Jnverne/s and Fort William For. Superannuation Allowances to Two retired Clerks in Lottery Office -

Ditto to John Pingo formerly Assistant Engraver > Sm

to the Mint -

Ditto to Joseph Ptanta Esq. formerly One of Pay-masters of Exchequer Bills Ditto to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in Office of Commissioners for Auditing Public Accounts -

For Deficiency of Grant for 1813. for Printing 1, 750 Copies of Vol. 66. of Journals of .House of Commons.

For Printing 1/750 Copies of Vol. 68. of Journals of House of Commons.

being for Session 1813, and which may be incurred in 1815.

For Deficiency of Grant for 1814. for Printing Bills, Reports and other Papers by Order of House of Commons during lift Session.

For Printing Bills, Reports and other Papers by Order of House of Commons during present Session.

Towards Reprinting Journals and Reports of House of Commons in 1815. For Printing Votes of House of Commons during present Session.

For Deficiency of Grant last Session for Printing for House of Lords and for Printing Acts of Parliament.

For Printing Acts of Parliament for two Houses of Parliament, for Sheriffs, Clerks of Peace, and Chief Magistrates throughout United Kingdom, and for acting Justices throughout Great Britain; and for Printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for House of Lords for 1815.

F or Stationery for Two Houses of Parliament For Salaries of certain Officers of Two Houses of Parliament -

For Expences incident to Two Houses of "Parliament

For Poor French Refugee Clergy

- Laity

For Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland Ditto in England

For American Loyalists

For small Charitable Allowances to the Poor of Saint Martin in the Fields, et alia For National Vaccine Establishment For Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons and Over payments -

For confining, &c. Convicts at Home For Public Office Bow Street -

For Prosecutions relating to the Coin For Law Charges

For Fees on pamng Public Accounts - -j For Repairing English Episcopal Church at Rotterdam

> For the Year 1815.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 187* 579

60, 000 o o For Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe and Corjicdn Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers and Dutch Naval Officers, a, 000, 000 o o For Interest on Exchequer Bills.

260, 000 o o Being the ioodth Part of 2 6, 000, 000l. To be issued and paid by equal of Exchequer Bills authorized in last Quarterly Payments'to Bank of Session to be issued and charged upon Aids granted in present Session and In respect of Debentures liTued under

53 g-3: 53-

For Hal? Year's Interest to 10th Off. 1815.

10.000 o 19, 685 o

49*7973

6.000 o

29.000 o

21.000 O

3, 424 18

7>9*8 3

5*580 o

1, 486 4

1.000 o

2.000 o 250 o

9.000 o

25, 068 14 20, 197 o

1*338 14

England, to be placed to Account of Commissioners for Re-duction of National Debt for Year ending 1st Feb* 1816. on Sum raised by Debentures

470 11 8

299 13 11

2, 178 10, 486 14 6

10 2

897 16 0

12, 000 8, 984 Q 0

0 0

35, 000 0 0

4, 550 0 0

3, 000 0 0

20, 000 0 0

2, 076 I 9

10, 000 0 0

200, 000 0 0

80O, COD 0 0

148, 000 0 0

534»7!3 0 0

200, 000 0 0

100, 000 0 0

10, 000 0 0

For the Year 1815.

in pursuance of 53 G. 3. cc. 41. 53-1 For paying off on 10th Off. 1815. Annuities granted by 37 G. 3. c. 57. and

4* G-3- '33-o For Compensation to Commissioners under 46 G. 3* c. 143. for assiduity, &c. during Three Years' Trust o For extra Charge of Messengers of Three Secretaries of State ... o For extra Charge for Contingencies of Three Secretaries of State - - -;

4$ For Repair of Henry VHth's Chapel -

For Superintendance of Aliens under 43 G. 3. r.'i 55. J

o For Trustees of British Museum to carry on Trusts reposed jin them by Parliament.

For further enabling Ditto.

For Trustees of British Museum to proceed in making necessary Purchases for improving Collection of Printed Books.

Ditto, to print the Codex Alexandrinus.

Ditto, for preserving and enlarging Collection of Natural History.

To Trustees for Settling Annuity on Earl Nelf on*

For Royal Naval Asylum - - - 3'ft

For Royal Military College - "

Asylum at Chelsea

-1 From 25th Dec. 1814. to -J 24th Dec. 1815.

For Deficiency of Grant for 1813. to defray Bills of Umer of Court of Exchequer for supplying Court and Offices with Stationery, for Repairing the Court, and Fees to Officers.

Ditto in 1814.

For Bills of Usher of Court of Exchequer, &c. in 1815.

For Improvements at Westminster in 1815.

For Deficiency of Grant for 1814. for Printing 1, 750 Copies of 67th Vol. of Journals of House of Commons.

For Holyhead Harbour in 1815.

For Embanking the Thames in Front of Penitentiary House at Militant

For Foreign and other Secret Services for 1815.

For Buildings at the Mint.

For Board of Agriculture.

For repairing Road between London and Holyhead. [See ante, c. 152.

For Allowances, &c. to Captains Hunt, Belfon, Letbem and Bright, in lien of Advantages as Barrack Matters of Royal Marines from lit October 1813. to 2d June 1815.

For Improvement of Buildings of University of Edinburgh.

To Trustees for settling Annuity on Duke of Wellington.

To be distributed to Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Privates serving in British Army under the Duke of Wellington in Portugal, Spain and France during 1809, 1810, 1811, 1812, 1813 and 1814, for Captures taken and appropriated to Public Service.

To be distributed to Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Privates serving in Ar.ny under Lieutenant General Sir Samuel Achmuty at Capture of Island of Java for Ordnance and Stores taken and appropriated to Public Service.

For Deficiency of Civil List on 5th April 1814.

For Expences of a Civil nature as do not form Part of Ordinary Charges of Civil List.

For Governors of Bounty of Queen Anne for Augmentation of Maintenance of Poor Clergy.

For Augmentation of Maintenance of Poorer Clergy of Scotland.

4 E 2

[1187.

XXVI.

XXVII.

XXVIII.

XXIX.

SB, y6r H '*>i

3>933*1

i)8od 5 o

500 o o

Itish Currency.

1, 2 JO 0 0

36*505 12 4

*4*7*3 x4 5

10, 500 0 0

25, 000 0 0

M°° 0 0

I >047 10 2

9*532 19 11

3*951 0 0

*42 0 0

50, 000 0 0

3*7* 5 0

5»oooo 0 0

1, 500 0 0

21, 600 0 0

10, 000 0 0

50, 000 0 0

ijM&o 0 0

300 0 0

50, 000 0 0

10, 000 0 Q

l&QO 0 0

10, 000 0 a

5, 000 0

0 0

44*n6 0 0

9>543 0 0

*>945 0 0

3*447 0 0

9, 020 0 0

31151 0 0

x*525 0 0

1, 598 0 0

J>oooo 0 0

+360 0 0

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

To sevend Persons for Public Services not being part of Ordinary

*8 I Expenditure of Civil List.

&) ?8 1 Nbt being part of Ordinary Expenditure of Civil List (bereto-fore pud out of Proceed# of Old Naval Store#), and not re. 1 tr!? f placed by Parliament.

f gO I For Parliamentary Services, or Services of a Public Descrip-LSS'sJ tion.

To E& % ake*b Whitfield, only Daughter of late Lieutenant 2fe// of Royal Invalid Artillery in Consideration of Merit of said Lieutenant Bell towards Attainment of Object of Preserving Lives of Shipwrecked Seamen and others.

[In Ireland*']

For several Public Officers for extraordinary Trouble in 1815.

Beard of Works -

Printing, &c. for Secretaries' Offices, &c. and Superannuated Allowances in Chief Secretary's Office

Proclamations and other Matters in Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers -

Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences

Apprehending Public Offenders

T For

- For the Year 1815.

Expence of Pratique of Port of Dublin Non Conforming Ministers

For One Year 5th Jan. 1816.

ending

One Year ending 25th Dee. 1815.

' For One Year ending ylh Jan. 1816.

Lottery Officers

Supporter Seceding Ministers from Synod of Ujfler

I For One Year ending'{ 24th/«M 1815.

Harbour of Hovoth, Works at - For the Year 1815.

Printing 1, 290 Copies of compressed Quarto Edition of Statutes of United Kingdom for Use of Magistrates, and 250 Copies of Folio Edition of fame* bound for Use of Lords, Bishops and Public Officers.

(British Currency, net) Expence of Preparatory Meafares towards Erection of an Asylum Harbour in Bay of Dublin to Eastward of Dunleary Pier.

Ditto, Treasury Incidents - - {Fo[°£ Year to5*J"-

Truffcees of Linen aid Hempen Manufactures Itbu. n —

Building Churches and Glebe Houses and purchas- > 1816

Trustees and Commissioners of Firftr Fruits, towards building, &c. Churches, & c. building Glebe Houses and procuring Glebes.

Commissioners for making wide and convenient') For the Year ending Streets in Dublin -f 5th Jan. 1816.

Additional Allowance to Chairman of Board of Inland Navigation.

Company of Undertakers of Grand Canal, for Liquidation of Debts of Company.

Directors General of Inland Navigation for extending, &c. Royal Canal.

(British Currency, net) Commissioners for examining Claims of Creditors of late Royal Canal Company.

Dublin Society Fanning Society -

Foundling Hospital at Dublin House of Industry, Hospitals and Asylums for Industrious Children in Dublin Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children at Dublin

- Marine Society in Dublin

Female Orphan House in Circular Road Dublin Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin Lying-in Hospital in Dublin Building Sir Patrick Dunn's Hospital in Dublin Doctor Steven's Hospital House of Recovery and Fever Hospital in Cork Street

Association for discountenancing Vice and promoting Knowledge and Practice of Christian Religion

>2

For the Year 5th Jan. 1816.

ending

C. 187, 18#.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

XXX.

XXXI. XXXII.

XXXIII., XXXIV.

XXXV.

2.500 0 o Cork Inftftution

249 o o Green Coat Hospital in City 0# Cork

1.500 o o Belfast Academical Inftkution

41, 559 0 0 Protestant Charter School

9, 673 o o Roman Catholic Seminary

600 o o Commissioner of Charitable Donation and BequestSj 6, 980 o o Pnrchafing Land m Dublin, andereAing Model School Seminary for training Schoolmaster, and Repository for Society for promoting Education of Poor

Sum issued to make good Payment out of Civil List, &c. paid'1 without Fee -

Supplies to be applied for Purpose aforesaid -

Rules for application of Half Pay - A in 54 G. 3. c. 167.

Half Pay to Officer of Manx Fencible - r j 31 — 36.

- > — Chaplain of Regiment although in Possession of Eccle- I

fiastical Benefice - - - J

Application of Overplus of Sum under 54 G. 3. c. 167. §15. -J

CAP. CLXXXVIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant to John Francis Erskine of Mar Esquire, and his Heirs and Alligns, the Feu Duties and Quit Rents arising in the Lordship of Stirlingt in Discharge of a Debt of greater Value created upon the said Feu Duties by a Grant from His Majesty King George the First. [11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, 1 G. x. Stat.*

intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of c. 50.

Popish Recusants, and of Estates given to superstitious UJss, m order to raise Money out of them fevercdly

for the Use of the Public: And Whereas His laid Majesty wa, by the said Act, empowered to make Pro- $ 36.

vision for the Daughter of John Earl of Mar, who was attainted for his Accession to the Rebellion in the

Year One thousand seven hundred and fifteen, out of His Estates, which were forfeited to The Crown: And Whereas His said Majesty George the First did, in pursuance of the said recited Act, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixteen, grant to Lady Frances Erskine, the only Daughter of the said John Earl of Mar, a Portion or Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, together with the due and customary Interest for the fame, to be payable forth of the said Earl of Map3 forfeited Estates, beginning the first Term's Payment of the said Interest at Martinmas One thousand seven hundred and sixteen 5 and in Security of the fend Sum and Interest thereof, His Majesty disponed the forfeited Estates of the said Earl, and the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Stirling, which belonged to The Crown, declaring always that the said Estates and Feu Duties should be redeemable by The Crown, on Payment of the said Portion or Sum of Money, and the Annual Rent which should be due thereon at the time of the Redemption: And Whereas John Francis Erskine Esquire of Mar (the Son and Heir of the said Lady Frances Erskine}, and who now claims to be entitled to the said Portion, and the Money remaining due thereon, and Interest thereof, has applied, by Petition, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in relation to the fame, and for an Account to be taken of the Arrears remaining unpaid under the said Grant: And Whereas the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotlandhme reported that the Earl of Mar's Estates were fold in the Year One thousand seven hundred and Twenty four, and produced little more than sufficient to pay off the preferable Debts thereon, and that a very ftnall Sum having been obtained towards the ExtinAion of the Ten thousand Pounds, granted by His Majesty King George the First to the said Lady Frances Erskine, and that the only Security, therefore, which remained for Payment of such Sum, and which was declared by the Commimoners of Forfeited Estates, to amount, on the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and twenty four, to Nine thousand two hundred and fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny, were the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Stirling, which, as they belonged to The Crown, were not fold along with the Earl of Mar's Estates; and that ever since that time the said Lady Frances Erskine,

1 and the said John Francis Erskine Esquire of Mar her Son, have continued to colleA these Duties payable out of the Lordship of Stirling, towards Payment of the above mentioned Sum of Nine thousand two hundred and fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny 5 but, from the Amount of these Feu Duties being for many Years less than the legal Interest of the above mentioned Sum, the Sum has increased very conuderably during the long Period the fame has been due, and if now calculated, with Interest, would amount to a Sum of about Twenty eight thousand Pounds, and which is greater than the Value of the Feu Duties at the ordinary Rate of Purchase: And Whereas the said John Francis Erskine is willing and desirous to take the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Stirling in full Discharge of the before mentioned Sum and Interest thereon, and it is therefore expedient that His Majesty Should be empowered to grant the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Stirling in full Discharge, and in lieu of the said Portion, and all Arrears thereof, upon certain Terms and Conditions May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall His Majesty and may be lawful for His Majesty to give, grant and dispone to the said John Francis Etjkine Esquire of Mar, °ay

and to nig Heirs and Assigns, all and whole the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Stirling, formeny payable to Ff"*

the Duties of Lordship of Stirling.

Proprietors of Lands in Lard-ship of Stirling, not subject to higher Feu Duties.

General Siving.

Public AO.

C. 188, 189. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

the said Lady Frances Erjkiney and to the said John Francis Erskine, or to the Chamberlains of the said Lord ship, by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements and others, lying within the Sheriffdoms of Stirling, Perth and Clackmannan, and all Arrears due thereon, he the said John Francis Erjkiney or his Heirs or Assigns, giving to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a full and complete Discharge and Acquittance of the said principal Sum of Nine thousand two hundred and fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny, and all Arrears of Interest due, or which may be claimed thereon, in such Form as shall be directed and approved by the Chief Baron and Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and which Discharge and Acquittance shall be entered and enrolled in the Offices of The King's Remembrancer and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, and in such other Offices in the said Court as the Barons shall direct.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in any such Grant contained, shall subject the Proprietors or Feuars of the Lands within the Lordship of Stirling to the Payment of any higher or other Feu Duties than have hitherto been payable or paid, or shall by Law be payable in respect thereof, or in any manner to prejudice the Feuars of such Lands; and that the said Feu Duties be recovered by the Process of the said Court of Exchequer, and all Questions relating to the Amount or Mode of Payment thereof be determined by the Barons of the said Court, as heretofore.

III. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and His Royal Successors, the Compositions on Signatures and Tacks of Teins of the Lands of the said Lordship, parted in Exchequer, a3 well as Relief and Nonentry Duties, and other Casualties of Superiority thereof, and all other Rights, except those which are authorized by the present Act to be given away, and to the said Proprietors and Vassals of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of the said Lordship, all Right and Privileges of Property and Superiority as heretofore; and saving also to the Governor of Stirling Castle, now and for the time being, all his Rights in and Emoluments arising out of the Feu Duties of the said Lordship.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

Commiino»: eu of Excise to permit Henry Meux, 5c Co. to brew free of Duty, within Nine Month?, so miny Guiles of Strong Beer as Duty would amount to 6, 6941. 14s. 4<1 provided Lois to that Amount proved to Satisfaction of Commissioners.

CAP. CLXXXIX.

An Act for allowing Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Young y Richard Latham and John Newberry> to brew, Duty-free, a Quantity of Strong Beer, the Duty on which will be equivalent to the Duty on the Beer loft, and to the Duties on the Malt and Hops expended in the Production of the Beer so loft. [11th July i8ij.]

WHEREAS on or about the Seventeenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. Seven thousand three hundred and fifty five Barrels of Strong Beer, brewed within the lad preceding Year by Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Youngs Richard Latham and John Newberry, Common Brewers, at their Brewhouse in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and for which Beer the Duties of Excise, amounting to Three thousand three hundred and seventy one Pounds had been duly paid, was, as is alleged by the said Henry Meuxf Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Youngs Richard Latham and John Newberry, loft by the accidental bursting or a vat containing Part thereof, and the Staves of which burst Vat fell upon and broke off the Discharge Cock of another Vat, and also broke a Pipe communicating with another Vat, such Two last mentioned Vats containing the Reli-due of the said Beer, and by the breaking of which Cock and Pipe the said Reffdue ran out ana was loft, as is also alleged by the said Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Youngs Richard Latham and John Newberry: And Whereas it has been computed that the Duty on the Malt and Hops expended in the Production of the said Beer amounted to the Additional Sum of Three thousand three hundred and twenty three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four pence, amounting together to the Sum of Six thousand six hundred and ninety four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four pence; and it is expedient to grant such Relief as is herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them, to permit and suffer the said Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Youngs Richard Latham and John Newberry, to brew free of Duty in their said Brewhouse, under the Superintendance of the proper Officers of Excise, at such Times and on such Occasions as to them the said Commissioners of Excise shall seem meet, within the Space of Nine Months next after the passing of this Act, such and so many entire Guiles of Strong Beer, neither of them less than. Four hundred Barrels, the Duty for or in respect whereof would amount to the said Sum of Six thousand six hundred and ninety four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four pence, or so much thereof as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them, shall adjudge: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend, to authorize or require the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them, to permit or suffer the said Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benfony Florance Thomas Young, Richard Latham and John Newberry, or any or either of them, to brew, free of Duty, any greater Quantity of Beer than such Quantity as the Beer Duty thereon will amount to the Duties on Beer, Malt and Hops, according to such Mode of Computation as aforesaid, for the actual Quantity of Beer which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of them the said Commissioners of Excise or Three or more of them (the Sufficiency of such Proof thereof being left to the Satisfaction, Judgment and Decilion of them the said Commissioners, or Three or more of them, who are hereby authorized ana required to investigate the fame, and examine the Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), to have been so brewed by them the said Henry

IO Meux,

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII IIf. C. 189, 190. 583

Mevx, Thomas Starling Benson> Florance Thomas Young, Richard Latham and John Newberry, and by them paid Duty for, and contained in the said Vats at the time of the said bursting of the first of the said Vats, and to have been actually loft by the said bursting of the said Vat and breaking of the said Cock and Pipe, and the said bursting to have been accidental, and not to have arisen from any Negligence or Omission, or for Want of due or reasonable Care on the Part of them the said Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Young, Richard Latham and John Newberry, or any or either of them, or of any Person or Persons in their Service or Employment; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXC.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown, so far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock^ in the County of Brecknockand for vetting in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest j and for inclosing the said Forest. [11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 48 G. 3. c. 73. An Act to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as directs that it should be lawful §

for the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the time being to contract with any Person or Persons for the Sale of the Soil, Mines or other Minerals, or other Substances or Herbage, or any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, in the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock,

at the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General should be able to procure for the fame, and which should be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury*for the time being, and that the Purchase Monies to be paid for the same should be paid into the Bank of England, and applied as therein directed 5 and that such Sales should be made in the same manner and under the fame Regulations, and the Certificates and Receipts to be given should be in the Form thereby directed with respect to the Sales of Crown Lands; and immediately after the Inrolment of the said Certificate and Receipt in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, the respective Purchasers should be adjudged to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Premises so by them respectively purchased,

freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands which could or might be made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming under him or them, and of and from all Incumbrances whatsoever; should be repealed: And Whereas all the Powers and Authorities which were 4' vetted in the said Surveyor General have, in pursuance of an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign so G. 3. c. 65.

4 of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues §

4 of The Crown and Surveyor General of His Majestfs Woods> Forests9Parks and Chafes, become vested in the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues: And Whereas it is expedient that Power should be given to the said Commissioners to sell and dispose of all such Part or Proportion of the said Forest, as upon the Division and Inclosure thereof pursuant to this Act shall be allotted or set out unto His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and of His Majesty's Interest in the several Mines, Minerals and other Substances within the said Forest Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Parts of the 48 G. 3. c. 73. said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are hereinbefore recited and § a7-referred to, shall be and the same are hereby repealed* repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Commissioner* Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, of Woods em or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to contract »/C 1

and agree for the Sale of, and absolutely to make Sale and dispose of all such Part or Parts of the said Forest Allotment&c. as shall be set out or allotted unto His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities herein contained, or of so muck or such Parcels or Portions thereof as they the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall think it expedient to fell, and of all His Majesty's Rights and Interests in and to the fame 5 and of all the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of, in and to all Mines of Coal,

Lead Ores, Metals and other Minerals whatsoever in or under the said Forest or any Part thereof, hereby reserved to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and of all Powers of searching for, working, digging, raising and carrying away such Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and other Minerals, for the best Prices or Coimder-ations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall be able to procure for the fame; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from such Sale or Sales, shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account directed by the said Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to be so G. raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled The Account of the § ia*

Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, being the Woods and Forests Fund, " and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like Manner and for such and the like Purposes as the other Monies by such last mentioned Act directed or authorized to be paid in, carried over or placed to the fame Account, are thereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Purchasers of Land* Revenues for the time being shall have contrafted with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic Premises to have 9* Corporate, for the Sale of auy of the said Lands, Hereditaments, Rights or Interests hereby authorized

to

Money; Certificates in rolled in Office of Auditor of Land Revenue, &c.

It trap Duty.

Neglecting to pay Purchase Money into Bank within time limited.

40, 000 Acres.

41 G. 3.(U.K.) c. 109.

48 G. 3. c. 73.

Appointment of Commissioners.

C. 190. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

to be. Ibid.as aforesaid, the feid Commissioners shall grant to the Punch afer or respective Purchasers thereof, aCWr-tifica&e under their Hands, describing the Premises so agreed to be sold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same $ and which Stall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England, within Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate; and the Cafiners of the Bank, or One of them, faall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein mentioned, and carry the feme to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate, acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in Schedule (A.) to this Act, or as near thereto as the circumstances of the case will admit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within One Calendar Month after the Date of such Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the District within which the said Lands or Hereditaments therein described are situate, and be there forthwith inrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose 5 and such Auditor having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the fame under his Hand, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Inrolmement, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and after such Inrolment, and thenceforth forever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs or Successors, shall by force and virtue of this Act be, and shall be affiudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Lands, Hereditaments, Rights and Interesta, £0 by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freednd discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Per-foDS claiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not taken place; and every such Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, by Oae of the principal Clerks or other Officers in their or his Office; and every such Certificate and Receipt, being inrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchasers to whom the same shall be given or granted, of and from the Purchase or Consideration Money therein expressed, and such Purchasers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned, for or in respect thereof, or of any Part thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to inrol such Certificate, and the said Cashier's Receipt for the said Money, for the like Space of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unlef6 the said Commissioners shall, for any reasonable Cause to him or them shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tunc; and which, upon such Cause being shewn, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do accordingly.

V. And Whereas The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seised to Himself, his

Heirs and Successors, of the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock, which Forest is of considerable Extent, and the Waste Lands within the same are computed to contain upwards of Forty thousand

Acres, subject nevertheless to such Rights of Common and other Rights as the Owners and Proprietors of

ancient Tenements, situate, lying and being within the several Parishes, Township, Hamlets or Places of Tftradvelltey, Tftradgunlais, Llangajley Talyllyny Llanddetty, Cantreff, Garth Brengy, Llande vailog vach, Merthyr Cynog> Saint David*>, Llanfpythidy Defynnock, Llywell, Saint John the Evangeli/l, Penderin, Llan

dilorvane, Traliong and Llanvihangel Nanthraney in the said County of Brecknocky or some of them, or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof, for the time being, are entitled to, within, upon and over the said Forest And Whereas the Whole or a great Part of the said Forest is alleged to be Extraparochial 2 And Whereas The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is the Owner or Proprietor of all the Tithes, both Great and Small, issuing, arising, due and payable of, from and out of the Whole or so much of the said Forest as is Extraparochial; and the several Owners and Proprietors of the Tithes of the several Parishes and Places next adjoining the said Forest, or some or one of them, are, is, or claim to be the Owners or Proprietors of the Tithes both Great and Small, issuing, arising, due and payable from and out of so much and such Part or Parts of the said Forest as is or are Parochial: And Whereas an Act was made and passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in One AS certain Provisiom usually infer ted in Acts of Inclosurty and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the pqffing of such Acts: And Whereas no Sale hath as yet been made under the Powers of the said redted Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty; and the said Forest, in its present uncultivated State, yields but little Profit, and is but of small Value to His Majesty, and is not of such general Benefit to the other Persons interested therein, as it would be if the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest were divided, and specific Parts thereof were allotted unto His Majesty, and the several other Persons interested therein $ 4 and if such Allotments were inclosed, and the Allotment to His Majesty was separated and set apart from the Remainder of the said Forest, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue from such Division and loclosure to His Majesty and to the Public in general, as well as to the several Persons having Property and Rights in and over the said Forest* Be it therefore further enacted, That Henry de Bntyn oFSouthampton Street in the County of Middlefney Surveyor, and John Cheese of Lyons Hally in the County of Hereferdy Gentleman, and their Successors, to be nominated or appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Forest, and all the Open, Commonable Lands and Grounds within the same, and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act, in such manner as is herein after provided or mentioned; and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Restrictaons and Provisions, contained in the said recited Act ei

the

A.D. 18rj. 55° GEORGII III. C. 190.

the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are not altered* varied or otherwise provided for

by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner shall act in the Execution of any of the Powers by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this A a, granted save and except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the first Meeting of the said Commissioners) until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath, in Addition to the Oath by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty direaed to be taken; such Oath to be administered and inrolled in like manner as the Oath by the said last mentioned Aa, prescribed to be taken by Commissioners for executing Aas of Inclosure, is direaed to be administered and inrolled 5 which additional Oath shall be in the Words or to the Effect following 5 that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers % do solemnly affirm], That I am neither

Proprietor or Occupier of, nor to the best of my Knowledge am I concerned as Guardian, Steward or

Agent for any Proprietor of Messuages, Cottages, Houses, Lands or Grounds, or other Person having or

claiming any Right of Common or any Manorial Rights, Tithes or any other Right or Interest whatsoever 4 in, over or upon the Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \here infers

the Title of this Act.-\ So help me GOD.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Henry de Bruyn, or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse to ad or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosurel to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Henry de Bruyn, or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, neglecting, refilling or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid 5 and (o from time to time as often as any Commissioner, to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues as aforesaid, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act; and in case the said John Cheesey or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to ad in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, then and in every such case the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity shall happen to be known to him, summon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days* Notice at the least, and of the Purpose thereof, shall be given by Advertisement in the Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Brecknock) of all and every the Owners or Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice; and the major Part in Value of such Owners or Proprietors who shall attend such Meeting in Person or by their Agents or Proxies duly authorized for that Purpose (such Value in case of any Difference or Dispute touching the fame, to be ascertained by Reference to the Land Tax Assessments of the several Parishes wherein the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Owners or Proprietors claim such Rights as aforesaid, are situate) shall and they are hereby required at such Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said John Cheesey or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, neglecting, refilling or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and so from time to time, as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by such Persons having Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or by their Agents or Proxies, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act 5 and every Person to be nominated and appointed to act as a Commissioner m manner aforesaid, shall, after taking and subscribing the Oaths herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities in every respect, for carrying the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if such Person or Persons had been originally nominatc^a Commissioner or Commissioners in and by this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Persons having such Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or their Agents or Proxies as aforesaid, or either or any of them respectively, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commissioner so directed to be nominated and appointed by them respectively, as aforesaid, within the respective times for that Purpose limited and in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner, and he is hereby required, from time to time by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of such respective time so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioners as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of such Commissioner so dying, neglecting, refilling or

55 Geo. III. 4 F becoming

58S

41 G. 3. £U.K.) c. 109.

Comraiffiontrs

sworn*

41 G.3. (UK.) c. 109. % 1.

Oath.

Appointment of new Com. miflkmeifc

If Commissioners of Woods, &c. and Proprifiors of Lands, ftc. neglect to appoint new Commissioners within limited time acting Commissioner to make Appointment.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

41 O

c. 09.

tend Meeting* confitlered js rtfuui to act,

Umpire appointed.

becoming incapable to a & as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so nominated and appointed, shall, after taking 1 tU K.'l subscribing the Oaths herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying I; Adl Qf t^e forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Act, into Exe-

cution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and restrictions, as if he had been origin nally nominated a Commissioner in and bj.this Act.

Commissioners I3£. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners hereby nominated;

1 cgledingto at- shall refuse or negledi to attend at the First Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying this Act, and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, into Execution, and duly" qualify himself by taking and subscribing the Oaths herein prescribed in that behalf 5 or if either of the said Commissioners shall at any time after the said First Meeting wilfully absent himself from any Three following successive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings, shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meeting* being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not having been prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at such Meeting or Meetings; or if any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Act directed, shall not attend, and qualify himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from Three following successive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, or, having been absent from Two successive Meetings, shall not attend during the Whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meeting being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at such Meetings; then and in every of such cases such Absence or Nonattendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise between the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done by them by virtue or in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, whereupon the said Commissioners shall differ or not agree in Opinion, the said Commissioners from time to time, when and so often as such Difference or Disagreement of Opinion shall arise, shall by Writing under their Hands appoint some fit and proper Person (not being interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, nor being the Attorney or Agent of any Person so interested) to be an Umpire between them; and the Matter upon which such Difference or Disagreement of Opinion shall or may arise, shall be referred to and Audi be settled and determined by such Umpire, whose Determination shall be made in Writing, and shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever (except as to such Right of Appeal as is given by this Act or

41G.3. (U.K.) ^ie recite(l Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) 5 and for the Purposes aforesaid, but not for any other Purpose, such Umpire shall have and he is hereby velted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, given to or vested in the said Commissioners; but no Person shall be capable of acting as such Umpire as aforesaid, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 T do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according,

4 to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this AaJ according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath the said Commissioners or either of them are and is hereby empowered to administer 5 and such Oath, and also the Writing appointing an Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the final Award of the said Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk or Clerks to assist them in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall and may remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint another or onlers in his or their Room or Stead, as to them shall seem meet; and in case of the* Death, Incapacity or declining or neglecting to act of any such Clerk or Clerks, then and in any of such cases the said Commissioners shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons they may think proper to be their Clerk or Clerks.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Samuel Wharton of Grays Inn in the County of Middlesex > and David Davies of Llangatteck Crickhowell in the County of Brecknock, Land Surveyors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Surveyors, for the Purpose of viewing, surveying and measuring the said Forest, and all the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds within the same; and such Surveyors are hereby accordingly author rized and directed, as soon as conveniently may be, to view, survey and measure the said Forest, and all the said Open and Commonable Lands, and all the Buildings and Encroachments whatsoever made in and upon the fame, and to describe and lay down the fame byway of Map or Plan, whereon, or-in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, shall be set forth the Number of Acres and decimal Parts of an Acre of the said Forest,

1 and

c. 109. §3.

Umpire'* Oaih.

Commissioner* to appoint a Clerk or Clerks.

Surveyor* appointed.

A.D. 181£. 5 54 GEORGII III. C. 190. 587

tmd all the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and the several Buildings and Encroachments made 'thereon, and of what such Encroachments respectively consist, and the Names of the several Persons holding tind enjoying the fame; and that when and so soon as the said Surveyors shall have finished and completed the Survey, Map or Plan, they shall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a Time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Meeting Fourteen Days previous Notice at the least shall be given to the said Commissioners, at which Meeting the said Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Commissioners their Survey, Plan and Book of Reference, and shall subscribe the fame with their Names in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who shall attest the fame. v

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Surveyor in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear Tor, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, Survtyat'ii«impartially and noneftly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers

and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as a Surveyor, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this A8"] without«Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality; to any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or either of them to administer; and the said Oath, when so taken, shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyors, and duly attested by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and shall be inrolled with the final Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Samuel Wharton, or any Person to be nominated or Appointment of appointed a Surveyor in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse to act or become in- Surveyors. ., capable of acting as such Surveyor in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, and this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid mall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclb-sure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of the said Samuel Wharton, or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and lo from time to time, as often as any Surveyor to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Fore (Is and Land Revenues as aforesaid, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Surveyor, in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act; and in case the said David Davies, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Surveyor in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, then and in every such case the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall, within Fourteen.

Days next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity shall happen to be known to them, summon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days Notice at the least, and of the Purpose thereof, shall be given by Advertisement in the Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Brecknock) of all and every the Owners or Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice, and the major Part in Value of such Owners or Proprietors who shall attend such Meeting in Person, or by their Agents or Proxies duly authorized for that Purpose (such Value, in case of any Difference or Dispute touching the fame, to be ascertained by Reference to the Land Tax Assessments of the several Parishes wherein the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Owners or Proprietors claim such Ri{pits as aforesaid, are situate) shall and they are hereby required at such Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some fit and proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of the said David Davies, or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and to from time to time, as often as any Surveyor to be nominated and appointed by such Persons having Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or by their Agents or Proxies, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Surveyor in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act; and every Person to be nominated and appointed to act as a Surveyor in manner aforesaid, shall,

after taking and subscribing the Oath herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities in every respect, for carrying the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Re&n of His present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if such Person or Persons had been originally nominated a Surveyor or Surveyors in and by this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as.conveniently may be after thepafling of this Act, the said Power to make Surveyors shall proceed to make an accurate Survey and Plan, as well of all the Messuages, Cottages and a ^urvty* Scites thereof, as of all Lands and Grounds situate in the said several Parishes of TJlradvelftey, Ystradgunlais,

Llahgajlcy Talyllynf Llanddetty, Cantrejf, Garth Brcngy, Llandc vailog vach, Merthyr Cynog, Saint David's,

Llanfpythid, Defynnock> Llywell, Saint John the Evangeliji\ Pendertn, Llandilorvane, Trallong and Llanvi-

bangcl Nantbrane, in respect whereof the Owners or Occupiers of the fame respectively are entitled to a Right of Commonage, or other Rights upon the said Forest, and upon the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof save and except such Lands and Grounds as have been already surveyed, and are herein after directed not to be again surveyed or planned)

4 F 2 and

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

No new Ad-

measurement made in case Proprietors dull produce approved Surveys, &€.

Alknrawce to

Commi Aimer*, Clerk* and Purveyors.

First and other Meetings of Commissioners.

Nciices how given.

Encroachments

a.lotable.

Commissioners empowered to let out new and additional Roads, and to turn and ltop Roads.

an&'ffi^tnquife fend find out, and in and by the Surrey and Plan thereof, and in a Book of Reference to the fame, ' set forth a mlhute and exact Account of all and singular the Premises so surveyed, and the Quantity and Contents of each several Field, Inclosure and Parcel of Land thereof, with the Names of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively 5 thereby distinguishing such of the Premises as are of Freehold Tenure from such as are of Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenures, and of what particular Manors or Lordships or Persons the said Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenements are fererally and respectively holden.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons haring in his, her or their Custody or Possession any actual Surveys, Maps or Plans of any of the Lands or Grounds in respect whereof the Owners or Occupiers of the same are entitled to Rights of Common or other Rights, to produce and deliver such Surveys, Maps and Plans to the said Commissioners at such time or times as they shall appoint for that Purpose 5 and the said Commissioners thereupon shall esquire on the Oath as well of the Person or Persons producing and delivering such Surveys, Maps and Plans respectively, as of such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every such Survey, Mao or Plan: And in all cases where the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic and have been accurately made, and will answer the Purpose of a new Survey (but not otherwise) they the said Commissioners shall deliver the fame over to the said Surveyors, with Directions to insert and copy the fame into the Surveys of the Lands, the Owners or Occupiers whereof are entitled to Right of Common, or any other Rights or Interests, instead of making a new Admeasurement and Plan of the Lands and Grounds so comprifea and described in the Maps and rlans aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which shall be raised for defraying the Expenses of obtaining, passing and executing this Act, the said Commissioners shall be paid the Sum of Three Guineas each, and no more, for each Day they shall be actually attending in and about the Execution thereof, and in travelling to and from the Meetings necessary for that Purpose, the same to include and be in Satisfaction of all Costs and Expences in travelling and otherwise, which they shall be put to in executing the fame; and that the Surveyors and the Clerk or Clerks shall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble such Sum or Sums of Money as the Commissioners shall think just and reasonable 5 and that every Proprietor, Attorney and Agent, who shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, or the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall pay his own Expences at all such Meetings 5 and in such cases as the Objection or Approbation of the Proprietors, of any Act, Matter or Thing to be done, or proposed to be done in Pursuance or the said last mentioned Act and this Act, is directed to be made and testified at any Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend such Meeting or Meetings by their respective Agents or Proxies duly authorized, whose Acts or Votes shall be as effectual as if such Proprietors were present in Person.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty into Execution, shall be held at the House known by the Sign of The BulPs Head, in the Village of Devynnock, in the County of Brecknock aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as circumstances will admit 5 and that the said Commissioners shall cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the Principal Outer Doors of the several Churches or Chapels of the several Parishes or Hamlets, Townships or Places aforesaid, and also a like Notice by Advertisement to be insertedin the Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County, of the Time and Place of their First and every future Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers hereby and by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty vested in them, Fourteen Days at lead before the times appointed for such respective Meetings; and in case only One of the said Commissioners shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn the said Meeting to be holden on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or some other convenient Place within Eight Miles of the said Forest; and the Commissioner, or Clerk or Clerks making such Adjournment, is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners. r

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices requisite or necessary to be given by the said Commissioners, shall be given by Advertisement, to be inserted in the said Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Brecknock.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Intakes or Encroachments made on the said Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, and which have been made within the Space of Thirty Years now last past, and for which no Licence, Consent or Grant shall have been obtained from The Crown, shall be deemed and considered Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and enclosed by virtue of this Act, as if the fame were actually lying open and unenclosed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, before they proceed to make any Division or Allotment directed by this Act, to set out and appoint any new and additional Public Roads or Highways, or any new Tracks or Ways for such Public Roads or Highways, in and over the said Forest, and to make such Order or Orders as to them shall seem proper in relation thereto, subject to the Restrictions, Provisions and Directions of this Act; and that the said Commissioners shall or may turn or abate and stop up, or Cause or order to be turned or abated and flopped up, any ancient

Carriage

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. 190. 589

Carriage Road or Way, Road I or Ways, or any ancient Footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, where they shall judge it requisite or expedient, and to make such Order or Orders as to them shall seem proper for that Purpose, subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Restrictiooa and Directions of this Act: Provided always, that no Turnpike Road shall be Pro»i(a altered or diverted without the Consent of the Trustees having the Care and Management thereof, or any Five or more of them, at a Public Meeting of such Trustees to be convened by due Notice, and held for that Purpose; nor any Public Highway or Road be (hut up or discontinued, until the Road or Roads so marked out or intended to be and remain Public Highways, shall be set out and made according to the Directions of this v,

Act, and until the same shall be properly formed and made convenient and safe for Horses, Cattle and Carriages:

Provided also, that all Private Roads, Ways and Foot Paths, which shall be set out and appointed by the said Provilfc.

Commi(Goners, shall be made and for ever maintained and kept in repair by such Person or Persons, and in such manner, as the said Commissioners shall, by their Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, order, direct or appoint*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, as foou Allotments for as conveniently may be after setting out the Public Roads and Highways as by this Act is directed, to set Repairs of out and allot unto and for the Formation and Repairs of the Highways made or to be made within the Limits Ro«d&;

of the said Forest, so much and such Part and Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, and in such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, for getting Stone, Gravel or

other Materials for the Formation or for the Repairs from time to time forever of the Public and Private

Roads and Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Forest; and the Grass and Herbage

anting therefrom shall be vested in such Persons as the said Commissioners shall allot the fame unto 5 and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby also authorized and required to set out Watering Places in the a(M| for Water*

said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, for Cattle and Beasts, for the ing Places foa o

common Use and BeneGi of all Persons occupying Lands and Grounds in Right of which they are or shall te

entitled to Rights of Common in or over the said Forest., f

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in the Allotment for next place, to set out and allot such Part or Parts, or Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds by this Act j^1, c Lime-directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as and for Public Limestone Quarries, for the Purpose of getting for*Limestone and other Stones therefrom, with convenient Roads and Ways to and from the same respectively, to

be used in common, as well by the Proprietor or Proprietors, or the Occupier or Occupiers of His Majesty's Allotment or Allotments herein directed to be made, as also the Proprietors of Estates entitled to Rights of Common on the said Forest, and their Tenants for their respective necessary Uses within the said Forest, or in or upon the Estates in virtue whereof they are entitled to Rights of Common, and for the Repairs of the Public and Private Roads within the said Forest; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be vetted in such Person or Persons as the said CommiiGpners shall, by Writing under their Hands, or by any Award to be made by virtue of this Act, appoint in Trust for the Purposes aforesaid; and (halite inclosed and fenced iq such manner, and shall be subject to such other Regulations and Directions as the said Commissioners shall in and by their, said Award order or direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby Commissionei*

empowered, to direct, order and award all Streams of Water, Springs and Watercourfea, within the Lands and empowered to Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, to be carried and conveyed in such Courses, and ater"

through such of the said Lands and Grounds so hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they in

[Proviso.]

their Discretion shall think necessary and proper for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Streams of Water, Springs or Watercouries, shall be diverted or turned, without the Confeat of the Person or Persons from and into whose Lands the same shall be carried or conveyed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall mark and set out such Part and Parts Lands fold for of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as by the Sale thereof will, paymeul of in the Judgment of the said Commissioners raise a fufGcient Sum of Money to defray and discharge all the Coils, I*11*68, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of preparing and in-

rolling the Award or Awards to be made by the said Commissioners, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring and planning such other Lands as shall by virtue of this Actbe surveyed, measured and planned; and all the Charges of the said Commissioners and Umpire, their Surveyors, Assessors,

Clerks, Assistants and Servants, and all the other necessary Expences of the several Person3.to be emplpyed by the said Commissioners in and about the fame y and all the Expences of forming, completing and repairing thfe Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, as foqn after the palGngof this Act as they shall think proper, and so from time to time as often as they shall> think necessary, to fell by Public Auction, in the Manner, and subject to the Directions and Regulations .mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, unto any Person or 41 G. 3. (U.K.) Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, such Part or Parts of the said Open c. 109. § and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted , and inclosed, -as they shall mark and set out and deem fufGcient for the Purposes aforesaid 5 and the Purchase Money of the said Lands so to be sold as aforesaid shall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners within such time and in such manner -.'

as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners for Xuch Purchase Money shall be a fufGcient Discharge to the Pqrchafer or Purchasers for the fame 5 and immediately after " Payment of such Purchase Money, and after, such Receipt or Receipts shall be given to such Purchaser or

Pur*-

Surplus produced by Sales divided between Proprietors in Fee according to Imerefts.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 109. § ai — »3-

Persons desirous cf paying in Money, exempt from Operations oOFower of Salt.

[Proviso.]

Purchasers, the Allotments, Pieces or Parcels of Land so purchased by him, her or them shall, by virtue of this Act become vested in him, her or them, and in his, her or their respective Heirs and Assigns, in absolute Fee Simple, and shall be inclosed and held in Severalty by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively as his, her or or their Private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners and the said Purchase Money shall be applied in defraying such Coils, Charges and Expences as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case such Part or Parts of the said Open Commonable Land! and Grounds hereby directed to be sold as hereinbefore mentioned shall be sold for more Money than will be re.

ned to defray such Colls, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such case such Surplus Money be divided and apportioned between His Majesty and the several Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in such Shares as shall be in Proportion to such their respective Property, Rights and Interests 5 and the Share of His Majesty shall be paid to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and the respective Shares of such other Personi as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple of their respective Allotments, shall be paid to them respectively; and thfe Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money, shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in ca(& where any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of dthef Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses. r

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the Persons interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, shall be desirous of having the Whole of their respective Shares and Allotments of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted arid inclosed, set out and allotted to them without any Abatement for or in respect of the said hereinbefore directed Sale, for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall by themselves or Agents signify the fame in Writing to the said Commissioners, at the time of the Delivery in of their respective Claims as hereinbefore directed, or within such time afterwards as shall be limited and prescribed by the said Commissioners, then and in every such case thfe laid Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot to all such Persons respectively, all such Shares and Proportions of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds as they would have been severally entitled to under and by virtue of this Act, in case no Provision had been hereby made fof Sale of any Part of the fame Lands and Grounds, and without any Dedu6lion or Abatement whatsoever on that account; and to adjust and settle what Sum and Sums of Money ought to be borne and paid by such several Persons, thei^Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of their several and respective proportionable Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and in case such Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, that then and in such case the same shall be levied and recovered in the manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall give to the said Commissioners any Power to charge such .Persons interested as aforesaid with any Part of the Expences attending or occasioned by the Sale hereinbefore directed.

Allotment in lieu of Tithes.

Commissioners to ascertain to whom Allotment: for Tithes to belong.

XXVIII. And, in order to the making of an adequate Compensation for the Great and Small Tithes arising and renewing, within the said Forest hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, to the several and respective Persons entitled to such Tithes, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby directed and required, in the next Place, to set out and allot unto and for The King's .Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in lieu of all Tithes both Great and Small, and allModufe^ Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arising, renewing, increasing, happening or payable out o/, from or in respect of such Part or Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands within the Limits of the said Forest as are or shall be found to be Extraparochial, such Part and Parcel of the said Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a full Satisfaction and Compensation for all such Tithes both Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu thereof; and also to set out and allot unto or for the Person or several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who is, are or shall be entitled to Tithes in Kind, in, over or upon such Part or Parts of the said Open and Commonable Lands as is or are locally situate within the Bounds or Limits of any Parish or Parishes, if any Part or Parts of the said Lands is or are so situate, for and in lieu of all Tithes both Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithes whatsoever, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening or payable within or from the said Forest, out of or from, or for or in respect of such last mentioned Lands, such Parts and Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a full Satisfaction and Compensation for all such last mentioned Tithes, Modules, Compositions and other Payments, in lieu of Tithes; ail which said Tithes both Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, shall respectively cease and be for ever extinguished, from and immediately after the making and setting out of such Allotment or Allotments in lieu thereof, and Notice given by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to be aflixed on the principal outer Doors of the several Parish Churches adjoining the said Forest, that the said Allotment or Allotments may be forthwith entered upon respectively, or from and after such other time as the said Commissioners shall in and by such Notice direct and appoint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath or otherwise (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) to ascertain, settle and determine to whom the said last mentioned Allotment or Allotments shall belong f and when they shall have so ascertained the fame, they are hereby authorized and required to apportion

and

A.D. 181$. J50 GEORGII III. C. iga.

and divide the fame respectively, between, unto and amongst the Person or several Persons who (halt appear to them to be entitled thereto.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Allotment shall be made to His Majesty, in lieu of Tithes, of such of the said Open and Commonable Lands as are or shall be found to be Extra-parochial, shall, immediately after the same shall be set out, become and remain the exclusive Property of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be subject to the same Rules and Regulations in every respect, as the Allotment herein after directed to be made and set out to His said Majesty, is subject to.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, after making and setting out the several Allotments hereinbefore mentioned, to divide, set out and allot. One full Moiety or Half part of all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Forest, due regard being had to the Quality and Situation thereof, unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and which Allotment, as soon a9 the same shall be allotted and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, shall become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged of and from all Rights of Common, Common of Pasture nod Turbary, and all other Rights of what nature or kind soever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out such and so many Private Roads and Ways, a9 shall be necessary for giving convenient Access to such Allotments as shall be so as aforesaid made to or for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall have set out the Allotment or Allotments hereinbefore directed to be made and set out to His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, they shall prepare a separate Award, with a Map or Plan of such Allotment annexed thereto whereof there shall be Three Originals 5 One to be inrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, ' and which shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being; and the said Award or the Inrolment thereof shall or may be produced, read and received in Evidence, on all Occasions where any Question, Doubt or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respect of any Allotment to be veiled in The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act 5 and the Third of the said Awards shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock*

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out and allot the Residue of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every the Persons entitled to Commonage, in, over or upon the fame respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively (other than and except The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) in Proportion to the real Value of their several and respective Messuages, Cottages, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof they are entitled to such Rights of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclosed, in, over or upon which their respective Rights of Common shall extend due regard being had in settling the Quantum of each Allotment, to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprised therein; and shall also set out and award every Person's Allotment as near to his Messuage or Messuages, Cottages, Sites, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof he is or shall be entitled to Right of Commons as conveniently may be.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons having or claiming any Estate or Interest in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall by themselves or their Agents deliver their respective Claims in Writing to the said Commissioners, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, of which Meeting Twenty one Days Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners expressing the Purpose of such Meeting, shall be given in the manner hereinbefore directed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Claims of any Right or Rights of Common upon the said Open Commonable Grounds or Waste Lands or any Part or Parts thereof, to be delivered to the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall (whether the fame be formally objected to or not uoder the Provisions of the said recited Act, by any Person or Persons, or Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the Premises) be investigated by the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, as soon as conveniently may be after Delivery thereof: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to give Fourteen Days Notice at the lead of their Meetings for such Purpose, by Advertisement in the Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Brecknock; and the said Commissioners shall with all convenient Speed, after such Investigation of the said Claims, cause printed Lifts or Schedules of the fame, distinguishing therein all such of the said Claims to which they shall have any Objection, or to which Objections shall have been made by any other Persons in pursuance of the said Act, to be lodged for the Purpose of Public Inspection, at such and so many convenient Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, of which Places Public Notice shall be given by Advertisement in the said Cambrian Newspaper if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Brecknock; and shall also cause Copies or Extracts thereof, so far as shall concern or relate to the respective Claims to which Objections dial] arise or be made, to be left at the last or usual Places of Abode of the respective Persons whose Claims shall be objected to, or of their Stewards or Agents; and any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the Premises, may offer Objections to any Claim contained in such Schedule or Lift, within Three Months next after the aforesaid Publication thereof, by

delivering;

59*

Allotment to The King in T lieu of Tither, subject to like Rules as other Allotments to His Majesty.

Allotment to The King.

Commissioners to set out Road* to His Majesty* Allotments. #AwarJ of His Majesty's Allotments inrolled in Exchequer at Westminster, and Office of Audi*, for of Land Revenue.

Residue allotted

to Persons en- r titled to Commonage.

Claims of Rights produced.

Commissioners to invetligat*' '*

Claims.

Proviso*

59 2

Power for CommWfioners to settle D if poles

CoromiHionert nr»tio dcrermine Tuie to Estate.

Power to assess Cods relative to t^lputtd Claims or Ubjtdioas.

DiArefs.

Parties way tjy by Issue it Law.

Common Bail.

Determination of Commission-en fiual.

C.tgo. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

delivering till Particulars of such Objection to the said Commissionera in Writing, in manner prescribed by the said recited Act; and no such Objection shall afterwards be received, unless for some legal Difahility or special Cause to be allowed by the said Commissioners.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise, between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Umpire, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the fame respectively.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine the Title to any Messuagee, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments whatsoever; but they and he shall assign and set out the several Allotments directed to be made, unto the Person or Persons having the actual Seisin or Possession of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in right or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid, either to the Public Account for or towards the Expences occasioned in or relating to the invefligating, settling and determining of such Claim or Claims, if finally disallowed, or to the Party or Parties In whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so negbding or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and foldj after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests whatsoever, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next Great Session, or at the Great Session following the next, to be holden for the County of Brecknock, or at the then next Assizes, or at the Assizes following the next, to be holden for the County of Hereford, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be so dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, or against the said Commissioners, if the Subject of Determination shall be of such a nature as will affect the Persons in general interested in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties interested; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined $ such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as also to put off the Trial of such Issue if it shall think fit, as is usual in other cases $ and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials \ and in every case in which the said Commissioners shall be Defendants, the Costs and Charges payable by the said Commissioners in such Action or Actions, shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this Act.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall (in case such Determination shall not be so ob*

5 j*a*d

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII IIt.

Cf 1*90. S93

Je&ed to, or being objected to, such Action or Actions at Law shall not be brought and pffmfed ia with the time and in manner hereinbefore for that Purpose mentioned) be final and conclusive upon all and every"

Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, in whose Favour any In ci(e of l5ejth fetch Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any Action or Actions might have of Parties before been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the\2,*lf

Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the ^drfewWla Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Nsmes. Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the feme within the time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living; and to serve the Clerk of Clerks to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same manner as the Party or Parties might have beesr served therewith if bring; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Pern Ions, who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action on Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend to enable Person* in Pet-the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine any Right between any Parties, contrary to the Possession of n<* mo- % ny rf such Parties (except in cases of Encroachments); but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion without Ugminft die Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they or the said Umpire shall forbear to make any £^l^r^ourfc Extermination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law,

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Difference, Dispute or Proceeding, touching the Trial, not f Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners in the Exe- suspend Emcu-cution of this Act, or the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, but Powers the Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made, shall be proceeded ia notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit or Proceeding; and the said Commissioners shall, by proper Marks and Bounds, let out the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted in Right or in Lieu of such litigated Property, so that the fame nay be difiaoguHhed from any other Lands and Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit* shall be entitled to the same.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to preclude Commissioners the said Commissioners from adjudging and deterraimng the Quantity and Value of the Land, in virtue whereof m«y adjudge any Person or Persons shall he allowed to have a Right of Common upon the said Open and Commonable Quantity, Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted or inclosed, or any Part thereof, but the said Com- tjf a^ent Mef-missioners shall and they are hereby authorized to adjudge and determine the Quantity and Value of all and fuag« considert# every such Lands respectively, and rate and estimate the same as to them shall seem just and reasonable, accord- of equal Valu*. ing to the real Value thereof, for the Purposes of Husbandry, without regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value arising from local or temporary or other peculiar Advantages; ami such their Judgment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever: Provided aUb, that nothing herein con- Proviso* tained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners to consider any ancient Messuage or Building or Site thereof, in respect of which any Right of Common shall be allowed, at any more or greater Value than any other indent Messuage or Building or Site thereof, bat the said Commissioners shall rate and estimate all ancient Messuages and Buildings and Sites thereof, at an equal Value, one with another, and at such Value as they shall think most expedient.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Trial cf Paro-Collegiate, shall consider himself, herself or themselves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determination of the said dial Boundaries Commissioners or Umpire, respecting the Limits or Boundaries of any Parife, Manor, Township, Hamlet, lflVc District or Place, upon the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, Quarter allotted and inclosed, or of any Parife, Manor, Township, Hamlet, DBtri& or Place adjoining thereto, as the Seldom.^fame shall be set out and ascertained by the said CommifuonerB, pursuant to the said recited Act of the Forty 41 g. 3. (UX) first Year of the Reign of Hisjjrefent Majesty, and shall by Writing under their, his or her Hands or Hand C.Z09. $3. wive Notice to the said Commissioners, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination, of their, his or her Delire to have the fame determined by an Issue at Law, instead of an Appeal to the Quarter Session8 under the Provision of the said last mentioned Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so dissatisfied with such Determination, to have the fame afoertaraed and settled by Trial of an Issue at Law, under the Provisions of this Act, m case of any fiifputed Right or Claim.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall dig, cut or take away any of the No Turst*k«t Turf, Bushe8, Underwood or Soil, of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, "*

Privilege or Claim whatsoever, other than and except the Owners of the Soil, for the Purpose of digging or searching for and carrying away any Gravel or Stone for the Repair of Roads, then and in every such case, on due Proof made before the said Commissioners on Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby elm-tfwered to administer) the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their lands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money not ex-ling Five .Pounds, to be levied by Distrest and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of Use ferfea or persons so Penalty.

55 Geo. III. 4 G offending

m

SdUndary Fences may be ft^orteued.

Persons who have enjoyed Commonage for Twenty Year a, considered to have a Right of Common,

[Proviso.]

After Allotment# made, Right sof Common to cease.

[Proviso.]

Owners of Common Rights may have Allotments laid together.

Allotments delineated on Plan and shewn to Proprietors.

C., 190.^ 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand) to the Person, or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale 5 and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall deem it expedient or proper to shorten the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in the said respective Parishes, Township, Hamlets or Places, and any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, or to make the fame Boundary Fences regular, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is fit u ate, and of the Owner or Owners of the said Land upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to set out the Boundary or Boundaries between the Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and any adjoining Parish or Parishes, in such manner as they shall think proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary or Boundaries shall be so set out as. aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons, in such manner, and at such time or times, as the said Commissioners in and by their final Award shall order and direct 5 and the same shall for ever thereafter, as between such Lord or Lords of Manors and Owner or Owners of Lands, be deemed and taken to be the* Boundary or Boundaries between the said respective Parishes, Township, Hamlets or Places, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, situate in any Part or Parts of the said several Parishes of Yflradvelltey, Tfiradgunlaiiy Llangajiey Tallyllyn, Llanddetty, CantrejFy Garth Brengy, Llande vailog vach, Merthyr Cynogy Saint Davtdsy Llanfpytbidy. Defynnocky Llywell, Saint John the Evangelifty Penderin9 Llandilorvane, Trallong and Llanvibangel Nantx brancy the Owners or Occupiers whereof for the time being have for Twenty Years last past had and actually enjoyed any Right or Rights of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, for or in respect of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively save and except any Right of Common by Vicinage) shall be deemed and taken to have, in respect of such their Estates, a Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or the Part or Parts thereof to which such Usage shall have extended, without shewing any other Title than such Usage, and be entitled to have an Allotment or Allotments of the fame respectively, in the same Proportion as other Persons entitled to Common thereon respectively: Provided nevertheless, that the Provision last hereinbefore contained shall not any wife afteft any Parishes, Hamlets, Places or Persons having or claiming any Right of Common on the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof respectively, other than such as shall claim under such Provision, if they shall be able to support such Claim, independent of such Enjoyment, in case the same shall happen to be ob-jested to or contested.

L. And be it further enacted, That immediately after all the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall, by Order of the said Commissioners, be marked and flaked out, all the several Shares or Allotments to be set out as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu of and in full Compensation, Satisfaction and Discharge of all Rights of Common whatsoever, which the said Owners, Proprietors, their Tenants and Occupiers, or any of them, could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over or upon the said Forest and other the said Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and from that time all Rights of Common whatsoever, in, over or upon the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, shall cease and be for ever annulled, abolished and extinguished s Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any time before the Execution of their said Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the several Churches or Chapels to each Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common, in or over the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof suspended, for and during such time or times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the time mentioned in such Writing, cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the several Owners of ancient Messuages, Cottages, Sites or Homesteads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be desirous that their respective Shares in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, in respect of their Common Rights belonging to such Messuages, Cottages, Sites or Homesteads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, should be allotted together in One or more Pdrcel or Parcels, and shall express such theiic Desire in Writing to the said Commissioners, at such time as the said Commissioners shall limit and appoint, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out the several Parcel* of Land to be allotted to such several Persons, in One or more Allotment or Allotments; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be used and enjoyed by the several Proprietors thereof, in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in that behalf direct and appoint in their said final Award.

LII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights of the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Persons respectively in lieu thereof, they the said Commissionere shall give Notice in the said Newspaper called The Cambrian Nc<wfpapery if then published, and

4

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. Gi

if not, then in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County, and fclfiy % Writing; 'to fie' affixed on the principal outer Doors of the Churches of the Parishes adjoinlngthle said Forest, of the Day'cfr Days and Place, where all Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and in (pe£fc the Map or Plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, so far as the fame relates to each Person respectively; and as some Persons may, upon Perusal of the said Schedule, and Inspection of such Map or Plan, be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissionert'

/hall give Notice of such Meeting or Meetings as shall be deemed necessary to be holden by them, for hearing Complaints and Objections again/! such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining all such Ob* jeftions; and their Determinations in the Premises, as to Quantity and Situation, shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all Parties.ft

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons interested in the said Division and Sale of Allot. Inclosure, hath or have fold, or shall at any time hereafter and before the Execution of the said final Award, fell hia, her or their Right, Interest or Property in, over or upon the said Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, these it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, on Application made to them for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hands of the contrafting Parties, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Rights, Interest and Property fold; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assign3, shall and may, after the Completion of such Sale, hold the Lands and Grounds so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the Came manner pursuant to the Terms of such Sale, to all Intents'and Purposes, as the Venddr iu every such Sale, might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale had not been made, or such Right, Interest or Property had been veiled in such Vendee at the time of making such Sale as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Commissioners Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by and with the Approbation and Consent of the Lords ^ootU^c^eln*Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, on behalf of His poWed Majesty, to agree with and to purchase from any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotments of chafe Land*.

Land under this Act, all or any Part of his, her or their respective Allotments to be made to him, her or them under this Act, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors 5 such Lands when purchased to be inclosed and appropriated to the Growth and Cultivation of Timber.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the several Outermost or Ring-fences of the said Moiety of the Allotments3.said Forest so to be allotted to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as aforesaid, and also of any Allot- fenced.'jnent or Allotments which shall be made to His said Majesty, in lieu of Tithes, in respect of such Part of Parts of the said Open and Commonable Lands as are or shall be found to be Extraparochial, shall be made in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and such Outermost or Ring-fences shall be raised and made, and for ever thereafter maintained, supported and kept in Repair, at the Expences, Costs 1

and Charges of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, save and except as to such Part or Parts thereof as shall adjoin the Allotment or Allotments to be made to any other Person or Persons in pursuance of this Act, which last mentioned Part or Parts of such Outermost or Ring-fences shall be made, supported and kept in Repair, in such Parts and Proportions, and in such manner and by such Persons as the said Commissionen shall by their Award direct and appoint 5 and all Fences in pursuance of this Act to be made for dividing and inclosing the Residue of the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds shall be made and at all times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interested in such Residue, in , '}'

such Parts and Proportions, and within such time, and in such manner, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their final Award, order, direct or appoint.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if owing to the Situation or other Circumstancef Satisfaction of any Allotment or Allotments, it shall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall not have a ?°aJe for l, n* proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they

/hall judge reasonable, to ascertain and appoint any Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paid by Fence*]

such Proprietor or Proprietors, towards the Expence of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the said Boundary Fencing may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion (regard being had

to the necessary Subdivision Fences within the respective Allotments) and the Money so to be ascertained

and applied shall be levied and recovered in the manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first 41 G. 3. (U.K.)

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said C I°9 §7- 11

Commissioners, at any time before executing their final Award, to make any Alterations in the Allotments proviso* 1 }

and Fences which they may have set out and ordered, or in auy Private Roads laid or to be laid over or to

such Allotments, that they shall think right and expedient 5 and in case any Person or Persons be injured by

such Alterations, on account of any Expences he, she or they may have been at, the said Commissioners /hall

ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her or them, and shall direct by whom and

in what manner such Recompence shall be made.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Execution of the final Award of the said Com- Forest difaf-missioners, all Forestal Rights and Privileges whatsoever of The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and forested.

His or their Lessee or Lessees, Grantee or Grantees, and of all other Persons whomsoever, within, upon and over

the said Forest, shall cease, determine and be for ever extinguished, and the Whole of the said Forest shall be , n.i

disafforested to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. ]] i

4G1 LVIIL And

596

Commissioner* to allot in Exchange.

Bipencet of Exchanges how |Mid.

Allotments to regain of fame Tenure.

Wills and Settlements not effected.

Leases at Rack &cm vjeated*

G. 190. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out* allot and award any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the Forest, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place, the Owners whereof are entitled for or in respect of the same to any Right of Common upon the said Forest, or upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Forest, or in any of the Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places in which the said Open Commonable Lands or Grounds respectively lie or are situate, or which are entitled to Right of Common as aforesaid, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township or Place; Provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified and declared la the said final A ward of the said Commissioners, or in some other Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors, but not otherwise, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committiea or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself or herself; such Consent to be testified in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties consenting respectively; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Chapel or any Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese or other Ordinary of the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Cods, Charges and Expences attending the makingnd completing of all Exchanges and Partitions under the Powers and Authorities of this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them contained, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

LX. And be it enacted, That all and every the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, for or im respect of any Freehold E Hates, shall be deemed and taken to be and held and enjoyed as Freehold Estates (subject neverthelefa to the Seignorial Rights of the Lords of the respective Manors in which the same are situate), and all and every the Allotments to be made for or in respect of any Copyhold or Customary Estates held of any Manor or Manors in which such Copyhold or Customary Estates respectively lie or are situate, shall be deemed and taken to be as Copyhold or Customary Estates, and shall be held of the Lords of the Fee thereof* under the fame Rents and by the fame Customs and Services as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments for or in respect of which they were so allotted are or ought to have been held, and shall pass by the like Surrenders as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotment* shall be made now do pass.

LXI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed, adjudged, deemed or taken, to revoke, annul or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dowcf, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon or over, or affecting the said Forest, or upon the Commonable Lands and Grounds fa to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year aforesaid, or of this Act, or any Part or Parcels thereof 5 but that the several Allotments so to be allotted or given in Exchange upon such Division or Allotment or Inclosure thereof, to the several Owners and Pro« prietors respectively, shall immediately after such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made and set out, be* remain and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, shall, from the Execution of the said final award. Hand, be seised and possessed thereof Respectively, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and with such and the fame Powers and Authorities for making Leases thereof or otherwise, and fubied to such and the fame Wills* Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trusts, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances (Right of Common and Common of Pasturage as aforesaid, and such other Exceptions and Provisions as are herein made, only excepted), as the said several Lands and Hereditaments, in refjped or in Heu whereof, or in Right whereof such Allotments were and are to be made to them respectively, flood severally limited, or subject and liable unto at the time of making such Allotments respectively, or of the Execution of the said final Award.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Allotments of the Land to be made of the said Forest by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Messuages, Houses or Lands held by Lease or Leases at Rack Rent, or for which Leases no Fines are expressed therein to have been paid to the Grantors or Lessors as the Considerations for the fame, shall be allotted to and held by the several Owners and Proprietor* of such Messuages, Houses and Lands, freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of such respective Lessees, to, in or upon the said Allotments or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of such Leases; and in case any of such Lessees shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved thereby, and such Lessors and Lessees shall not settle the same to their mutual Satisfaction, then and in every such case it shall

and

55° GEORGII m.

C. 190. 5$7

Quicksets not to be damaged by Sheep.

Money advanced repaid with Interest.

Tenants for Life, Sec. empowered to borrow Money,

4md may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners on Application made to them by either Party, to take the Matters in Questioninto their Consideration, and by their Orders to make unto every such Lessee, for his, her and their Loss of Commonage, or other Losses by means of the said Division, Allotment and Inclosure, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compensation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents, by such Leases referred, as the said Commissioners (haM think just and equitable.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any of the new Inclosures -to be made by virtue of this Act, during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the said final Award, unless the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall and do, at his, her or their own Expence,

fence or guard his, her or their Neighbour's Quicksets adjoining the Inclosures wherein such Sheep or Lambs shall be kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done to inch Quicksets by such Sheep or Lambs; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to turn or put or cause to be turned or put any Sheep, Lambs,

Horses, Asses or other Beasts or Cattle, into any of the Ways, Lanes or Roads, on either Sides of which nay newly planted Fence shall be growing.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money 4or defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall he repaid the fame with Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out t>f the first Monies that shall be raised or received by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, for defraying such Expences.

LXV. And Whereas some of the Owners or Proprietors to whom Allotments shall be made by virtue of

this Act, may have occasion to borrow Money to defray their respective Shares and Proportions of the Charges

add Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution Be it therefore enacted, That it shall he lawful for such Owners or Proprietors, and for all other Persons whom foe ver interested in such respective Allotments, being a Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England\ or Lessee or Lessees for any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives $ and sdfo to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Committees of any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or labouring under any other Disability whatsoever; and also to and for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees or Committees of any Owners or Proprietors, being under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, whether such Owners or Proprietors respectively be Tenants for Life with or without Impeachment of Waste, Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or Tenants by the Courtesy of England, or Lessee or Lessees for any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge such Lands and Grounds as shall be allotted to such Owners and Proprietors respectively with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, for each and every Acre thereof, for defraying their respective Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, and oi inclosing and subdividing their respective Allotments, as the said Commissioners shall think proper for such Purpose, the same to be paid to such Person or Persons, and to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint $ fend for securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to grant, lease, demise, mortgage, surrender or otherwise subject their said respective Allotments or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years; so that any such Grant,

Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security be made with a Proviso or Condition to ceafo and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and so that in every such Grant, Lease, Mortgage,

Demise, Surrender or Security, which shall be made by any Person or Persons interested in or entitled unto the Premises for the Term of their natural Life only, or by his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Proviso or Covenant, that the Owner or Proprietor of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereby secured, during their respective Lives; and no Persons afterwards becoming feixed or possessed of the said Premises shall be liable to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year pre« ceding the time at which the Title to such Possessions shall have commenced; and every such Grant, Lease,

Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security of the said Premises, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, after having finished and completed Final Award, such Subdivision and Allotments of the said Forest, draw up or cause to be drawn up their final Award, in the manner prescribed by the said recited Act of the said Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4i 0-3- (U.K.) and which shall be made within Five Years after the passing of this Act, and the fame when inrolled in manner directed by the same Act shall be deposited and left with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock, where the same shall and may be inspected and perused at all seasonable times in the Day-thne, for ever thereafter, by any Person or Persons whomsoever paying the Sum of One Shilling and no more, to the said,

Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for every such Inspection and Perusal; and Two Copies of such Award Inrolled.

shall be inrolled, one of them in the Court of Exchequer at Wcjtmtnflery and the other of them in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and shall afterwards be filed and preferred amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; such Award, or the Inrolment thereof, to be produced and read in Evidence on all Occasions where any Doubt on Controversy may arise relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty,

Account examine'! and balanced by Two Magift rates annually.

Appeal.

Notice.

Certiorari

A new Church built upon Extra-parochial Part of Forest at Expence of Crown, if Lords of Treasury and Bishop of Saint David's shall think it expedient, and in such case Extra-parochial Part of Forest formed into a Parish.

Provife.

Churchyard in-doled and XO C( ntinue for ever a Burial Ground.

PI n or Deftgu of Ch rch sub-mitud te Bishop.

C. 190. 55° GEORGII III.

Majesty, his Heir and Successort, in respect of any Allotment veiled in His Majesty*, his Heirs add SaccdTors* by virtue of this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That once at feast in each and every Year, during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them or any of them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them, if required, laid before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock (not in-tcrested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, to be by them examined and balanced at a Public Meeting of the Proprietors, whereof Twenty one Days* Notice shall be given in the Cambrian News-.paper), fuph Justicea being hereby authorized to take or call fitch Aid and Assistance in, such Examination as they shall think fit, and to charge the incidental Expences thereof; and the Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in the Law, unless allowed by Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners or Umpire, as are by the said last recited Act or by this Act directed to be final or conclusive, and save and except in such cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as hereinbefore directed), then and in every such case, he, she or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which mall be held for the said County of Brecknock, within Six Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, oa giving to the said Commissioners Twenty one Days previous Notice of such Appeal; and the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matters of every such Complaint, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall seem reasonable; and by their Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or any Writ or Writs whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or eife where.

LXIX. And Whereas it may happen that some Parts of the said Forest which are not within the Bounds

or Limits of any Parish, may hereafter become inhabited, in which case the Inhabitants thereof will have no Place of Public worship to resort to, and it is therefore expedient, that as well for the Convenience of such

Inhabitants, as for the extending the Benefit and Influence of Religious Worship and Instruction, that such Provisions should be made in that respect as are herein after contained Be it therefore further enacted, That in case it shall hereafter appear that the said Forest or any considerable Portion thereof is Extraparochial, that then such Quantity of Land as shall be necessary for the Scite of a Church and for a Churchyard or Cemetery, and for the Site of a proper Parsonage House and Offices to be erected and built, and for a Garden and Yard or Homestead to be attached thereto, to the Extent in the whole of Ten Acres at the lead, shall be reserved by The Crown out of the Lands so to be allotted to His Majesty as aforesaid, and shall not be sold 5 and that in case, at any time hereafter, the Number of Persons who shall be resident and inhabiting upon that Part of the said Forest which is Extraparochial, shall, in the Judgment and Opinion of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Bishop of Saint David's for the time being, be such as shall render it expedient that a Church shall be erected upon the said Allotment for the Performance of Divine Worship therein, and for the affording Religious instruction to the Inhabitants of such Part of the said Forest as is Extraparochial, then and in such case the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall, by and out of the Land Revenues of The Crown, cause a new Church and a fit and convenient Parsonage House and Offices to be erected and built upon Part of the Lands so to be reserved as aforesaid, and shall appropriate other Part thereof near to the said Church, for a Churchyard or Burial Ground, and the Residue thereof as a Garden, Yard or Homestead to the said Parsonage House, and shall inclose the fame accordingly, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper for such Purposes; and shall cause the said Church when so erected, and the Churchyard so to be attached thereto, to be duly consecrated according to the Usage of the Church of England; and the fame Church shall be for ever thereafter set apart and dedicated as and for a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, for the Use of all the Inhabitants who shall so reside within that Part of the said Forest which is Extraparochial, and shall be named and called The Parish Church of Brecknock; and that such Part of the said Forest as is at present Extra* parochial, shall for ever thereafter form and be.a distinct Parish of itself and be called by the Name of The Parish of Brecknock: Provided always, that there shall be set apart and appropriated in the Church to be erected and built by virtue of this Act such a Number of Seats for the gratuitous Accommodation of the Poor of the said Parish, as the Lord Bishop of the Diocese shall think necessary, proper and convenient.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Erection and Consecration of the said Parish Church, the said Piece of Ground which shall be so inclosed and appropriated as a Churchyard or Cemetery as aforesaid, shall be and for ever continue to be a Churchyard or Place of Buriai for all the Inhabitants of such new Parish of Brecknock.

LXXL. And be it further enacted, That the Plan or Design of such Church, Parsonage House, Offices and other Buildings, shall be submitted to and approved by the Bishop of Saint David' % for the time being before

the-

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 190. 599

the fame shall be erected; and that no such Church, Parsonage House or other Building shall be erected tb pursuance of this Act, without the Approbation of the said Bifhfep signified in Writing under his Hand/

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Church when built, completed and consecrated as afore- Church Perpe^ said, shall be and is hereby declared to be a Perpetual Cure and Benefice, and shall be called by the Name of tual Cure and The Parish Church of Brecknock; and that every Minister of the said Church shall be by virtue of this Act incor- Benefice; offi-. porated and made a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of " The*Officiating Minister of the Parish !ut, ng H Church of Brecknock in the County of Brecknock " and shall have Perpetual Succession, and be enabled to , ucorP°rj c file and be sued by that Name in all Courts of this Realm; and that the said Church and Churchyard or Burial Place, and the said Parsonage House, Garden, Yard or Honiestead, shall be vested in the said Minister and his Successors for the time being for ever; and that the said Church and the Ministers thereof shall be subject in all respects to the Visitation of the Lord Bishop of Saint David's for the time being, and shall also be subject to the ordinary Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction by Law established; and that Divine Service shall be from time to time for ever thereafter performed in the said Church according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England as by Law established.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Maintenance and Support of the Minister of the (hid Minister en-Church for the time being, he shall have and be allowed a Yearly Stipend or annual Sum of One hundred* dow*d with and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him half-yearly, without any Deduction, by Warrant from the Lords Com- perAmiuinb missioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, out of the Land Revenues of The Crown; and The Crown.^such Minister shall alto have and be entitled to receive and take all such Easter Offerings, Dues, Surplus fees. Donations and Emoluments, as are or shall be usually payable for Parochial Duties in other Parishes.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Advowson, Right of Patronage, free Disposition and Advowson vest-Nominaticfn of, in and to the fame Church, when the same shall have been so erected, built and consecrated ed in Th« as aforesaid, shall appertain and belong to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* Crown« for ever.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when the said Church shall have been so built and consecrated as Banns of Matri-aforesaid, and at all times thereafter, Banns of Matrimony may be published, and Marriages may be celebrated mony publiQifed therein in such Manner and under such Reflridions and Regulations as the fame may by Law be published and a, ld Marriage* celebrated in any other Church or Public Chapel, wherein Banns and Marriages are allowed by Law to be pub- £lehrated m lished and celebrated; and that every such Marriage shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes urc*whatsoever; provided all such Banns and Marriages shall be published and celebrated according to the Laws and Canons which shall be then in force within this Realm in that behalf.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That after the said Church shall be so bdilt and consecrated as aforesaid, Regftcn of Christenings and Burials had and solemnized within the said Church shall be registered in Public Registers, to Christening*, be provided and kept for that Purpose, in like manner as by Law directed, or as is usually practised in other &c. kept.

Parish Churches.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Church shall have been so built and con- pirio, subject to fecrated, and the said Parish so formed as aforesaid, all the Laws and Statutes which shall be then in force parochial Law*, within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, relating to Parishes or to Parochial Officers, shall be in full Force, and have Effect and Operation in all respects in relation to such new Parish and Parish Officers of the said new Parish of Brecknock, in like manner as if the fame had been a Parish previously to the making and passing the fame Laws and Statutes.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the said Church shall be so built and confe- Pariftl divMe<| crated, and the said Parish shall be so formed as aforesaid, any Number of the Inhabitants of such new Parish into Two or shall think fit to apply by Petition to the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be more Distritli, holdea for the said County of Brecknock, to have the said Parish divided into Two or more Township, then and in such case it shall be lawful to and for the Justices not interested in the Premises, in their said General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby required to heat such Petition, and to investigate and enquire into the Allegations therein contained; and it upon such Hearing the said Justices shall think it requisite or expedient that the said Parish shall be divided into Two or more Township, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, in their said General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order and Award for the Division of the said Parish into Two or more Township accordingly, and to give all such Directions in relation thereto as they shall think requisite and necessary; and in case such Order shall be so made, then and from thenceforth the said Parish shall be divided accordingly into such Township; and such Township shall be called by such Names as the said Justices shall in and by such Order direct; and every such To wnship shall from thenceforth forever thereafter provide for its own Poor, and have and enjoy and be veiled with such and the like Powers, Privileges and Immunities, and be subject to such and the like Regulations as are or shall be then incident to and held and enjoyed by the several other Town-ships within the said County of Brecknock, by the Laws and Statutes in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this A Cl shall not defeat or prejudice the Saving of Hi* Right or Interest of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in or to any Mines of Mnjedy's Ri^ht Coal, Lead Ores, or any other Minerals whatsoever, in or under the fame Forest or any Part thereof, but that to Mine*

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and His or their Lessees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may search for, work, dig, raise and carry away all Ccal, Lead Ores, Metals, and all other Minerals whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and rurposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been passed; save only that they shall respectively do as little Damage as possible in the Lands to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, and shall make reasonable Satisfaction and Recompence from time to time to the Person

or

Coo C. 190, 191. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

or Persons pgflefTed thereof, for all Damage' that shall be done thereto, or to my Part thaoeef, by feareking for, working, digging, raising and carrying away the said Coal, Lead Ores, Metals, xmd all other Mineral* or any of them.

General 3*vi*j. LXXX. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, hb Heirs and Succefors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Perfect aid Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Adminrftrctors and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extingutthed) as they, every dr any of them hod or enjoyed, in, to or out of the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, hereby dhe&ed to be divided, allotted and eaclo fed m aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could have had and enjoyed therein, hi case this Act had not bee*, passed.

SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act refers.

FORM of CERTIFICATE of Controls made by the Cotnmifioners of His MajeJljt Woods, Forest and

Land Revenues.

By the Commissioners of His Majesty Js Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

THESE are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Cook nrissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the Day of

A.B. and C.D. Two of the Commissionen of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for and on behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, have contracted and agreed with yf.if.of for the Sale to the said A* 2?. of all [here

deftrribe the Fretmfet to be folf\ at or for the Price or Sum of^of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to " The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Laud Revenues, being the Woods and Forests Fundand from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner aforesaid, and the Inrohnent of this Certificate and the Receipt for the Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever, the said A. R. and his, [[her, or their] Heirs [or, Successors] or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be rathe actual Seifm and Possession of the said Hereditaments and Premises so by him [her, or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, and in as fall and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successora, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Signed bj the above named in the

Presence of

FORM OF RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the Day of of and from A. 9. the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above [or, within] written Certificate. Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Ca(luer«

CAP. CXCI.

Lord Lieutenant may nominate Commissiontrt;

and revoke Appointments, and AH Vacancies.

An Act to authorize the Appointment of Commissioners for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS the Erection of an Asylum Harbour or Place of Refuge for Ships and Veflek to the

Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, will be of great Advantage to

the Ships and Vessels trading to the said Port and Harbour, and of great Utility to the Trade and Com* 1 merce between Great Britain and Ireland, and it is expedient to provide for the Appointment of Commit*

sioners for the making of such Surveys and Plans and Estimates as may be necessary to be made preliminary c to the proceeding in the erecting of the said Harbour or Place of Refuge; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, And Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, under his or their Hand or Hands to nominate any fit Persons, not exceeding Five in Number, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act) and the said Persons so to be nominated shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to revoke the Appointment of any Person or Persons to be such Commissioner or Commissioners, and from time to time to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners as such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, shall think fit; and also to appoint from rime to time any Person or Persons

11 to

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 191, 192. 601

tQ be a Commissioner or Commissioners to supply any Vacancy which may be occasioned by the Death or Re-Hgnation of any Comnuffioner or Commissioners who may be appointed under or by virtue of this Act; and no Commissioner to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid, or receive or take any Fee,

Reward, Emolument or Allowance whatever, for or on account of any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, or for or on account of the Execution of the Powers by this Act veiled in such Commissioners, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall from time to Commissionen time proceed to cause such Surveys, Plans and Estimates to be made and prepared as shall be directed by the to cause Murreys Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office for the time being, by and made?3* 10 with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the time being; and that for that Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized and required from time to time to employ such Engineers, Surveyors, Officers,

Clerks and Servants, as they shall think proper and expedient for such Purposes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Engineers, Surveyors, Engineers and

Agents, Workmen and Servants employed by the said Commissioners from time to time to enter upon all or others may enter any Lands or Grounds of any Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in or upon which it shall be on P'emifes for judged expedient that the said Asylum Harbour or Place of Refuge, or any Piers, Quays, Erections or Build- Harbour,

mgs, for the Purpose of making or completing such Harbour, shall be made, erected or built, in order to survey c*

and take Plans and Levels of toe fame, and to set out and ascertain such Parts of such Lands or Grounds as the Arid Commissioners shall think necessary or proper for such Purposes, such Surveyors, Engineers, Agents or Servants, making Satisfaction for such Damages as they shall do thereby to the Ocaupiers of such Lands or Satisfaction for Grounds for the time being, in case the same shall exceed the Sum of One Shilling Sterling. Damages.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in all things touching the Execution of CommiflBonert

this Act proceed according to such Orders and Directions as shall be given by the said Lord High Treasurer u?der

or Commissioners for executing the said Office, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieu- xreasury ° tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governor's of Ireland for the time being.

CAP. CXCII.

An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Disposition of Copyhold Estates by Will.

[lath July 1815.]

WHEREAS by the Customs of certain Manors, Copyhold Estates of such Manors pass by the last Will and Testament of the Copyhold Tenants thereof declaring the Uses cf Surrenders made for that Purpose s And Whereas much Inconvenience has arisen, from the Necessity of making such Surrenders For Remedy whereof, May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all cases where by

by the Custom of any Manor in England or Ireland any Copyhold Tenant of such Manor may by his or her Last Will and Testahient dispose of or appoint his or her Copyhold Tenements, the fame having been fur- f«aual without" rendered to such Uses as should be declared by such Last Will and Testament, every Disposition or Charge previous Sur-made or to be made by any such Last Will and Testament by any Person who shall die after the passing of renders to Uses this Act, of any such Copyhold Tenements, or of any Right, Title or Interest in or to the fame, shall be as thcrto£ valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, although no Surrender shall have been made to the Use of the Last Will and Testament of such Person, as the fame would have been if a Surrender had been made to the Use of such Will.

II. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person entitled or claiming to be entitled to Admission* un. Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in consequence of any Testamentary Disposition, shall be entitled to be admitted to the fame by virtue of any thing in this Act contained, except upon Payment of all [o'psy ltee Few* such Stamp Duties, Fees and Sums of Money as would nave been lawfully due and payable in respect of the &c. ts payable*surrendering of such Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the Use of such Will, or in respect on Surrenders, of the presenting, registering or enrolling such Surrender, had the fame Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments been surrendered to the Use of the Will of the Person so disposing of the fame; all such Stamp Duties,

Fees or Sums of Money due as aforesaid to be paid in addition to the Stamp Duties, Fees or Sums of Money due or payable on the Admission of such Person so entitled or claiming to be entitled to the fame Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and the Stamp Duties to be affixed to the Copy of the Admission.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall be A & not to in-

construed, deemed or taken, at Law or in Equity, to render invalid or ineffectual any Devise or Disposition of validate Derifes any Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Right, Title or Interest in or to Copyhold Copyhold*,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which would be valid or effectual if this Act had not been made; or to

vender valid and effectual any Devise or Disposition of any Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Right, Title or Interest in or to any Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which would be invalid or ineffectual if a Surrender had been made to the Use of the Last Will and Testament of the Person attempting to dispose of the fame by Will j any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

55 Geo. III.

6o2 C. 193, 194.

55° GEORGII m.

CAP. CXCIII.

A.D. 1815.

His Majesty may make Regulations for carrying on Trade between His Subjects and Inhabitants of United States.

*8 G. 3. c. 6.

37 O-J. c. 97.

Provife for Continuance.

Charter, 16 Dec. 15 Jac. I.

Charter confirmed, except as altered by Ad.

So much of Charter as directs Matter and Wardens, to

An Act to enable His Majesty, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to regulate the Trade and Commerce carried on between His Majesty's Subjects and the Inhabitants of the United States of America.

[12th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Purpose of a Commercial Intercourse with the Inhabitants of the United States of America, that certain Powers should be given for a limited time to His Majesty in

Council for regulating the said Commercial Intercourse 5* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tHis present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders to be issued and published from time to time, to give such Directions, and to make such Regulations with respect to Duties, Drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying on the Trade and Commerce between the People and Territories belonging to The Crown of Great Britain and the People and Territories of the said United States, as to His Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any thing in an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty V Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies 5 or in an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America 5 or any other Act, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always, that this Act and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to His Majesty, and all Orders issued and published in consequence thereof, shall continue and be in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXCIV.

An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales.

[12th July 1815.]

WHEREAS His Majesty King James the First, by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the Sixth Day of December, in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, did for Himself, his Heirs and Successors, grant unto William Bejfe, and divers other Persons therein named, and to all and Angular other Persons whomsoever, brought up and skilful in the Art, Mystery or Faculty of Apothecaries, and exercising the fame Art, Mystery or Faculty, then being Freemen of the Mystery of Grocers of the City of London, or being Freemen of any other Art, Mystery or Faculty in the said City of London (so as they had been brought up and were expect in the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries) that they and all such Men of the said Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of and in the said City of London and Suburbs of the fame, and within seven Miles of the said City, might and should be one Body Corporate and Politic, in Substance, Deed and Name, by the Name of The Matter, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London 5" and did ordain and declare, that by the fame Name they might have perpetual Succession, and have, purchase, possess, enjoy and retain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions and Hereditaments to them and their Successors, in Fee Simple, and Perpetuity, or for Term of Year or Years, or otherwise howsoever; and also Goods and Chattels, and all other Things soever, of what Name, Nature, Kind, Quality or Sort soever they should be; and also that they might grant, demise, alien, assign and dispose of Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and do and execute all and singular other Acts and Things by the said Name; and that by the said Name of Master, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, they should and might be able to plead and be impleaded, and might have for ever a Common Seal, and the fame Seal at their Pleasure from time to time might break, change, alter and new make, as to them should seem best; and His said Majesty did, by his said Letters Patent, ordain and grant unto the said Master, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries aforesaid, certain Ordinances, Rules and Regulations, to be observed, kept and maintained by them, as in the said Charter are more fully expressed: And Whereas some of the Clauses and Provisions contained in the said recited Charter, so far as the fame regard the said Society of Apothecaries, have been found inadequate for the Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient that the fame should be altered, varied and enlarged, and further and other Provisions made May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Charter of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the First, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained save and except such Part or Parts thereof as are hereby altered, varied or repealed), shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full force and virtue, and shall be as good, valid and eflc6tual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Charter as directs that the said Master and Wardens, and their Successors, or some or one of them, or some Assistants by the Master and Wardens to be appointed and assigned, at fit and convenient times, and in manner and Form convenient and lawful, from time to time as often as to the said Master and Wardens shall seem expedient, shall and may go and enter into any

10 Shop

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 194. 603

Shop or Shops, House or Houses, Cellar or Cellars, of any Persons whomsoever, using or exercising the enter Shops of Art or Mystery of Apothecaries, or any Part thereof, within the City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs Apothecaries thereof, or within Seven Miles of the fame City, as well within the Liberty as without, where any Medicines, examine simple or compound. Wares, Drugs, Receipts, Distilled Waters, Chemical Oils, Syrups, Conserves, Lohocks, and j*1"*' C* Ele&uaries, Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Oils, Ointments, Plaisters, or any other Things whatsoever, which Penalties, rt-belong or appertain to the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries as is aforesaid, are likely to be found; and to search, pealed, survey and prove if the fame Medicines, simple or compound, Wares, Drugs, Receipts, Distilled Waters,

Chemical Oils, Syrups, Conserves, Lohocks, Ele&uaries, Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Oils, Ointments, Plaisters, or any Thing or Things whatsoever belonging to the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries aforesaid, be and shall be wnolefome, medicinable, meet and fit for the Cure, Health and Ease of His Majesty's Subjects; and also so much of the said recited Charter as directs, that the aforesaid Matter and Wardens of the Mystery aforesaid, and the said Assistants for the time being, thereunto nominated and appointed by the Mailer and Wardens, and their Successors from time to time, may have, and by virtue of these Presents shall have full Power and Authority to examine and try all and singular Persons professing, ufingor exercising, or which hereafter shall profess, use or exercise the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries, or any Part thereof, within the aforesaid City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles of the fame City, as well within Liberties as without, touching or concerning their and every of their Knowledge, Skill and Science, in the aforesaid Art or Mystery of Apothecaries, and to remove and prohibit all those from the Exercise, Use or Practice of the said Art or Mystery, whom hereafter they shall find either unskilful, ignorant or insufficient, or obstinate, or refusing to be examined by virtue of these Presents, in the Art or Mystery aforesaid; and also all and singular Medicines, Wares, Drugs, Receipts, Distilled Waters, Oils, Chemical Preparations, Syrups,

Conserves, Lohocks, Ele&uaries, Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Oils, Ointments and Plaisters, and all other Things belonging to the aforesaid Art, which they shall find unlawful, deceitful, dale, out of Use, unwhole-some, corrupt, unmedicinable, pernicious, or hurtful, to burn before the Offender's Doors; and also to lay, impose, and exact Mul&s, and other Pains and Penalties, by Fines and Amerciaments upon such Offenders,

according to their found Discretions, and the Ordinances by them and their Successors so as aforesaid to be

made and appointed, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, in lieu and (lead thereof, the said Master, Wardens and Society of Matter, W«r-

Apotbecaries for the time, being, and their Successors, or any of the Assistants, or any other Person or p^Jered to enter

Persons properly qualified, as herein after is mentioned, to be by the Master and Wardens nominated and shops of Apo-assigned, not being fewer in Number than Two Persons at the least, shall and may from time to time, and at thecaries, &c. all seasonable and convenient times, in the Day time, as often as to the said Master and Wardens it shall Teem and examine expedient, go and enter into any Shop or Shops, of any Person or Persons whatever, using or exercising the Drugs, &«.

Art or Mystery of an Apothecary in any Part of England or Wales; and shall and may search, survey, prove

and determine, if the Medicines, simple or compound, Wares, Drugs, or any Thing or Things whatsoever therein contained, and belonging to the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries aforesaid, be wholesome, meet and fit for the Cure, Health and Ease of His Majesty's Subjects; and all and every such Medicines, Wares,

Drugs and all other Things belonging to the aforesaid Art, which they shall fiud false, unlawful, deceitful, ftak, unwholesome, corrupt, pernicious or hurtful, shall and may burn, or otherwise destroy 5 and also shall and may report to the Master, Wardens and Assistants of the said Society, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as shall be found to have the fame in their Possession; and the said Master, Wardens and Assistants, shall and may impose and levy the following Fines and Penalties upon each and every Person Penaki«* whole Name shall be so reported to them, as herein after mentioned 5 for the First Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person to be by the Master, Wardens and Assistants for Qualification of the time being, chosen and appointed a Member of the Court ot Examiners, or to be by the Master and minted to eu-

Wardens nominated and assigned to go and enter into any Shop or Shops, for the Purposes aforesaid, within raine Drugs, fee. the City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Thirty Miles of the fame, shall be deemed to be properly qualified, unless he shall be a Member of the Society of Apothecaries aforesaid, of not less than Ten Years (landing; nor shall any Person be deemed to be properly qualified to be nominated and assigned to go and enter into any Shop or Shops in any other Part of England and Wales for the Purposes aforesaid, or to be appointed One of the Five Apothecaries herein after mentioned, and directed to be appointed for the Purpose of examining Assistants to Apothecaries in compounding and dispensing Medicines, as herein after is mentioned, except he shall have been an Apothecary in actual Practice for not less than Ten Years at lead, previously to his being so nominated, or assigned or appointed.

' V. And Whereas it is the Duty of every Person using or exercising the Art and Mystery of an*Apothecary, to prepare with Exactness, and to dispense such Medicines as may be directed for the Sick by any Physician lawfully licensed to practise Physic by the President and Commonalty of the Faculty of V Physic m London, or by either of the Two Universities of Oxford or Cambridge; Therefore, for the further Protection, Security and Benefit of His Majesty's Subjects, and for the better Regulation of the'

Pia&ice of Physic throughout England and Wales, be it enacted, That if any Person using or exercising the Apothecaries re-Art and Mystery of an Apothecary, shall at any time knowingly, wilfully and contumacioully refuse to make, fusing to coinmix, compound, prepare, give, apply or administer, or any way to fell, set on Sale, put forth or put to Sale P°u/lfd, Hor un' to any Person or Persons whatever, any Medicines, Compound Medicines, or Medicinable Compositions, or com'

shall deliberately or negligently, falsely, unfaithfully, fraudulently or unduly make, mix, compound, prepare, Medicines, give, apply or administer, or any way fell, set on Sale, put forth or put to Sale to any Person or Persons

4 H 2 what-

604

i

Peadtita.

Mailer and Wardens may appoint Deputy.

Rafter, Wardens, Ice. appointed to carry Act into Etc-tion.

Acts of Mailer, Wardens, &c. not valid unless done m Meetings, &c.

Court of Examiners chosen by Mailer, Waidens, Sic,

Chairman appointed.

C.Y94. 35^ GEORGII III. A.ZXjSt5.

whatever, any Medicines, Compound Medicines or Medicinable Compositions, as directed by any Prescription, Order or Receipt, signed with the Initials in his own Hand-writing, of any Physician so lawfully licensed to practise Physic, such Person or Persons so offending shall, upon Complaint made within Twenty one Days by such Physician, and upon Conviction of such Offence before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, unless such Offender can shew some satisfactory Reason, Excuse or Justification in this behalf, forfeit, for the First Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds; for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and for the Third Offence, he shall forfeit his Certificate, and be rendered incapable in future of using or exercising the Art and Mystery of an Apothecary, and be liable to the Penalty inflicted by this Act upon all who practise as such without a Certificate, in the same manner as if such Party so convicted had never been furnished with a Certificate enabling him to practise as an Apothecary; and such Offender so deprived of his Certificate shall be rendered and deemed incapable in future of receiving and holding any fresh Certificate unless the said Party so applying for a Renewal of his Certificate, shall faithfully promise and undertake, and give good and sufficient Security, that he will not in future be guilty of the like Offence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That each and every of them the said Master and Wardens for the time being, may, and they are hereby respectively empowered, by Writing under his or their Hands, to appoint any One or more of the said Court of Assistants to act as Deputy Master, or as Deputy Wardens, as the case may be, in all Matters and Things done, or authorized to be done, by the said Master, or the said Wardens, under and by virtue of the said recited Charter, or of this Act, and to remove such Deputy Master or Deputy Wardens so to be appointed from time to time, as the said Master or the said Wardens shall respectively think proper; and all Acts, Matters and Things, which shall be lawfully done by the said Deputy Master or Deputy Wardens so to be appointed as aforesaid, as the case may be, shall be as good, valid and effectual, as if the fame were done and performed by the said Master and Wardens respectively.

VII. And Whereas much Mischief and Inconvenience has arisen, from great Numbers of Persons in

many Parts of England and Wales exercising the Functions of an Apothecary, who are wholly ignoraut,

and utterly incompetent to the Exercise of such Functions, whereby the Health and Lives of the Community are greatly endangered; and it is become necessary that Provision should be made for remedying such Evils f Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Master, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, incorporated by the said recited Charter of His Majesty King James the First, and their Successors, shall be, and they are hereby appointed and constituted, directed and empowered, for ever, to superintend the Execution of the Provisions of this Act, and to enforce and carry the several Regulations and Provisions thereof, in relation to the several Persons practising the Art or Mystery or Profession of an Apothecary throughout England and Wales, and all other the Purposes of this Act, into full Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries, incorporated as aforesaid, for the carrying any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act into Execution, shall be, or be deemed to be good or valid save and except as to such Acts as shall be done by the said Master, Wardens and Assistants, or others appointed by them, or any of them, as hereinbefore is provided, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities hereinbefore given to them to enter into Shops to search for, Examine and destroy unwholesome Drugs or Medicines, and also save and except as to such Acts as shall be done by the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them present, or by the Five Apothecaries herein after mentioned, or the major Part of them present, in pursuance of the Authorities herein after given to them), unless the fame be done at foine Assembly or Meeting to be holden by the said Master, Wardens and Society, in the Hall of the said Society; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to, or vested in the said Master, Wardens and Society as aforesaid, shall and may from time to time be exercised by the Master, Wardens and Assistants of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries aforesaid for the time being, or by the major Part of them present, who shall attend at any such Assembly or Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, the Number present at such Assemblies or Meetings not being less than Thirteen, of which the said Master for the time being shall always be one; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Mailer, Wardens and Assistants for the time being, or of such major Part as aforesaid, shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if the fame were made or done by the said Mailer, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries incorporated as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, so far as the fame regards the Examination of Apothecaries, and Assistants to Apothecaries, Twelve Persons properly qualified, as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be chosen and appointed by the said Master, Wardens and Assistants for the time being (who are hereby authorized and empowered to choose and appoint such Persons, and to remove or displace them from time to time, as they the said Master, Wardens and Assistants for the time being, (h ill deem advisable), and such Persons, when so chosen and appointed, or any Seven of them, shall be, and be called "The Court of Examiners of the Society of Apothecaries 5" and such Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine all Apothecaries, and Assistants to Apothecaries, throughout England and Wales, and to grant or refxife fueft Certificate, as herein after is mentioned; aBd such Court of Examiners, or the major Part of then), shall, and they are hereby required to meet and assemble in some convenient Room in the Hall of the sted Society, once at lead in every Week, for the Purpose of such Examination, and then and there tp examine all Persons applying to be examined, and duly qualified so to be by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That at any such Meetings of the said Examiners, a Chairman shall apd may be appointed; and when and so often as it shall so happen that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any One Question (including the Vote of the said Chairman), then and in fych ^fe, it {{xall qnj} may be lawful to and for the said Chairman to give the calling, or decisive Vote.

AiD. fSij'

SSP GEORGII m.

C-I5T4*

fice one Tetr. Psovifow

XI.- And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as an Examiner, under and by Oath taken by virtue of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath : ^Examiners.

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear (or, being One of the People called Quakers, do Solemnly affirm, ) That 4 I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, execute

the Trust reposed in me by the Matter, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of v»'

the City of London, a9 an Examiner, in the Examination of every Person who shall come before me to be examined, as to his Fitness or Qualification to act as an Apothecary, or Assistant to an Apothecary, as the case may be, and that without Favour, Affection, Prejudice or Malice. So help me GOD.'

Which Oath or Affirmation, the said Matter, Wardens or Court of Assistants, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required to administer. t.

1 XII- And be it further enacted, That all Persons so to be chosen and appointed Examiners as aforesaid shall Examiners, to Continue in Office for the Space of One Year from the time of their Appointment (except in case of Death, continue in Of-or being removed or displaced by the said Matter, Wardens and Assistants as aforesaid): Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Matter, Wardens and Assistants, to choose and appoint any such Person or Persons going out of Office, again to be an Examiner or Examiners as aforesaid, if they the said Matter, Wardens and Assistants shall deem it advisable so to do. hi*) t i oiom to anO -: i;1

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons so to be chosen and appointed, In case of shall happen to die during the time he or they shall continue to be an Examiner or Examiners, or be removed

or displaced as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Matter, Wardens and Assistants, to choose g1* PP010* and appoint any other Person or Persons properly qualified, to be an Examiner or Examiners as aforesaid, in the Room of the Person or Persons so dying, or removed, or displaced as aforesaid, and every Person or Persons so chosen and appointed shall continue in Office for such time and no longer, as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be so chosen and appointed would have continued in Office.

XIV. And, to prevent any Person or Persons from practising as an Apothecary, without being properly

qualified to practise as such, be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of Avgujl One thousand Not to nraftUb ei^ht hundred and fifteen, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons (except Persons already in Practice M as such) to practise as an Apothecary in any Part of England or Wales, unless he or they shall have been examined by the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, and have received a Certificate of his or A V

their being duly qualified to practise as such from the said Court of Examiners or the major Part of them as v y

aforesaid, who are hereby autlwrized and required to examine all Person and Persons applying to them, for the 1

[Proviso.]

Purpose of ascertaining the Skill and Abilities of such Person or Persons in the Science and Practice of Medicine, and his or their Fitness and Qualification to practise as an Apothecary; and the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered either to reject such Person or Persons, or to grant a Certificate of such Examination, and of his or their Qualification to practise as an Apothecary as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person shall be admitted to such Examination until he shall have attained the full Age of '

Twenty one Years.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be admitted to any such Examination fora Applicanufcr, Certificate to practise as an Apothecary, unless he shall have served an Apprenticeship of not less than Five

Years to an Apothecary, and unless he shall produce Tettimonials to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Ex- e

aminers, of a sufficient Medical Education, and of a good moral Conduct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person intending to qualify himself under the Regulations of Psrfotw bitvnd-

this Act to practise as an Apothecary in any Part of England or Wales, shall give Notice to the Clerk of the ^quslify, to

said Matter, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries as aforesaid, of his Intention so to do, who shall notify the clerk of fad0

fame to the said Matter, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries as aforesaid; and the Person so intending to Matter, Wt»> qualify himself, shall present himself at the Meeting held by the said Court of Examiners next succeeding Rich dens, &c. Notice, and shall undergo such Examination by the said Court of Examiners as aforesaid, or at some other

Meeting as shall or may be appointed and fixed upon by the said Matter, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries, or by the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, for that Purpose.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight Affiflint t# hundred and fifteen, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons (except the Persons then acting as Assistants to any Apothecaries as aforesaid, and excepting Persons who have actually feryed an Apprenticeship c, t, a

of Five Years to an Apothecary) to act as an Assistant to any Apothecary, in compounding or dispensing Medicines, without undergoing an Examination by the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, or by Five Apothecaries lo to be appointed as herein after is mentioned, and obtaining a Certificate of his or their Qualification to act as such Assistant from the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, or from the said Five Apothecaries, who are hereby authorized and empowered to examine all Persons applying to them for that Purpose, and to grant a Certificate of such Fitness and Qualification.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Matter and Wardens for the time being, or to and for the said Court of Examiners, by Writing Under pit*"8

their Hands, from time to time to appoint Five Apothecaries in any County or Counties respectively though- Apothecaries as out England and Wales, except within the said City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Examiners for Thirty Miles of the fame, to act for such County or Counties, or any other County or Counties near or adjoin- Assistants. ing, and to remove or displace them from time to time, as they the said Matter and Wardens, or the said Court of Examiners, shall deem adviseable; and such Five Apothecaries so to be appointed respectively, as aforesaid, fmy Meeting to be held by them as herein after mentioned, shall have full Power and Authority, and are Tieiyby hi/thorizfcid and empowered to examine all Assistants to Apothecaries throughout the County or Counties & rd£ar8 of whi&i such Apothecaries shall have been so appointed as aforesaid, and to grant or refuse such

Certificate

-6c>6

Sums paid for Certificates.

Ailing without Certificate.

Penalty. Afiitlants ailing without Certificate.

[Penalty.]

Apothccaties not to recover Charges, unless duly licensed.

Refusal of Certificate to practice as an Apothecary, <&c. may apply a^ain.

Lift of Apothecaries approved by Court of Examiners printed.

Application of Monies arising from Certificates.

Application of Monies arising from Penrith s.

C. 194. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Certificate to every such Assistant to Apothecaries, as hereinbefore is authorized in that behalf; and a Meeting of the said Apothecaries for the Purposes aforesaid shall be held monthly in the County Town of someone of the Counties for which they shall have been appointed to act as aforesaid; and that no AH of such Apothecaries 'shall be, or be deemed to be good or valid, unless the fame be done at some such Meeting; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vetted in such Five Apothecaries, shall and may from time to tiihe be exercised by the major Part of them, who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden as above directed, the Number of such Apothecaries present at any such Meeting not being less than Three; and all the Orders, Directions and Certificates of the major Part of such Apothecaries present at any such Meeting shall have the fame Force and EffeH as if the fame were made, done or signed by all the said Five Apothecaries for the time being; and at every such Meeting of the said Apothecaries, a Chairman shall and maybe appointed, and when, ana so often as it shall so happen that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any one Question (including the Vote of the said Chairman) then and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chairman to give the catting or decisive Vote.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings shall be paid to the said Matter, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries, for every such Certificate as aforesaid, on obtaining the fame, by every Person intending to praHife as an Apothecary within the City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Ten Miles of the fame City; and the Sum of Six Pounds Six Shillings by every Person intending to praHife as an Apothecary in any other Part of England or Wales (except the said City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, of within Ten Miles of the said City); and no Person having obtained a Certificate to praHife as an Apothecary in any other Part of England or Wales (except the said City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Ten Miles of the said City as aforesaid), shall be entitled to praHife within the said City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Ten Miles of the said City, unless and until he shall have paid to the said Matter, Wardens and Society, the further Sum of Four Pounds Four Shillings, in Addition to the said Sum of Six Pounds Six Shillings so paid by him as aforesaid, and shall have had endorsed on his said Certificate, a Receipt from the said Matter, Wardens and Society, for such additional Sum of Four Pounds Four Shillings; and the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings by every Assistant; and the several Sums of Money arising from the granting of such Certificates shall be applied in manner herein after directed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person (except such as are then actually praHifiag as such) shall, after the said first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, aH or praHife as an Apothecary in any Part of England or Wales s without having obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and if any Person (except such as are then airing as such, and excepting Persons who have actually served an Apprenticeship as aforesaid) shall, after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, aH as an Assistant to any Apothecary, to compound and dispense Medicines, without having obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Apothecary shall be allowed to recover any Charges claimed by him in any Court of Law, unless such Apothecary shall prove on the Trial, that he was in PraHice as an Apothecary prior to or on the said Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or that he has obtained a Certificate to praHife as an Apothecary, from the said Matter, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, having examined any Person or Persons applying to qualify himself or themselves to praHife as an Apothecary, or if they, or the said Five Apothecaries so to be appointed for any County or Counties as aforesaid, having examined any Person or Persons applying to qualify himself or themselves to praHife as an Assistant to an Apothecary, in compounding and dispensing Medicines, shall fee Cause to rerofe such Certificate as aforesaid, to any such Person or Persons so applying to qualify himself or themselves as an Apothecary or Assistant as aforesaid 5 yet it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons who shall be so refused, to apply at any future time to be again examined, so that such Second Application by any Person or Persons applying to qualify himself or themselves as an Apothecary, be not within Six Months of such First Examination; and so that such Second Application by any Person or Persons applying to qualify himself or themselves as an Assistant, be not within Three Months of such First Examination; and if on such Re-examination he or they shall appear to the Persons examining, to be then properly qualified, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Examiners, or to and for the mid Five Apothecaries in any County or Counties as aforesaid, to grant such Person or Persons so applying, such Certificate as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries, do make annually, and cause to be printed, an exaH Lift of all and every Person who shall in that Year have obtained a Certificate to praHife as an Apothecary, with their respective Residences attached to their respective Names.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum or Sums of Money which shall be received or arise from the granting of the Certificates of Examination hereinbefore required, shall belong to and be appropriated and disposed of by the said Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries as aforesaid, in such manner as they shall from time to time direH and deem most expedient.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money arising from Conviction and Recovery of Penalties for Offences committed against the Authorities and Provisions of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in manner following; viz. One Half thereof to the Informer or Informers, and One Half thereof

t*

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C. 194.

to the said Matter, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries as aforesaid, to be appropriated and disposed of by them in such manner as they shall deem mott expedient.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed) shall, if such Penalties and Forfeitures shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, be recovered by Action or Suit at Law, in the Name of the Matter, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Recordjin England or Wales y wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if such Penalty or Forfeiture shall amount to lefp than the Sum of Five Pounds, then the same shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace acting for any County, City, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credibly Witness upon Oath, and which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer).; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of making, keeping and felling the Distress; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Forfeitures ana Penalties shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol for the County, City, Town or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Main prize, for any time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Costs, shall be sooner fully paid and satisned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Notice or Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant or Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Ca(e.

XXVIII. Provided always*, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, or in any way to affect the Trade or Business of a Chemist and Druggist, in the buying, preparing, compounding, dispensfng and vending Drugs, Medicines and Medicinable Compounds, wholesale and retail 5 but all Persons using or exercising the said Trade or Business, or who shall or may hereafter use or exercise the fame, shall and may use, exercise and carry on the fame Trade or Buffness in such manner, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame Trade or Business was used, exercised or carried on by Chemists and Druggists before the passing of this Act.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to lessen, prejudice or defeat, or in any wise to interfere with any of the Rights, Authorities, Privileges and Immunities heretofore vetted in and exercised and enjoyed by either of the Two Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, the Royal College of Physiciak*, the Royal College of Surgeons, or the said Society of Apothecaries respectively, other than and except such as shall or may have been altered, varied or amended in and by this Act, or of any Person or Persons practising as an Apothecary previously to the First Day of Avgujl One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; but the said Universities, Royal Colleges and the said Society, and all such Persons or Person shall have, use, exercise and enjoy all such Rights, Authorities, Privileges and Immunities, save and except as aforesaid, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have done before the passing of this Act, and in case the fame had never been patted.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then after Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may, at his, her or their Election, plead specially the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty one Days' Notice shall have been given, or sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury, shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant hath for recovering Costs of Suit in any other cases by Law.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

607

Recovery of Fines and Penalties.

Imprisonnrenr.

Distress not im. lawful for want of Form.

Act not to affect Chemists and Druggists.

General Saving.

Limitation of Action*.

[General Issue.]

Where bid.

Notice.

DoubIe'C( fts. Public Act

C. 1959196. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

CAP. CXCV.

An Act for exonerating the Estates and Effects of the late Sir James Colebrooke, the late Sir George Colebrooke, Arnold Nesbitt, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Adam Drummond and Moses Franks, and of their Sureties, from all Claims and Demands whatsoever, in respect of any Contracts entered into with His Majesty's Government.

[12th July 1815.]

[Public Act.]

" HIS MAJESTY acquitted of all Claims of the Contractors in respect of 2, 663l. 17s. iod. § I. On payment of 50, 0001. into the Exchequer, Estates of the Contractors exonerated. §2. In cade any of the Parties " shall not pay his Proportion, and any other shall pay it, such Perfbo to use The Crown Proeefs with the U Assent of the Attorney General for the Recovery, f 3. In case any Purchasers of Sir George Colebrooke0 u Estate shall not pay his Proportion of the 5, 7101., Remedy given to any who shall pay against the De-" faulter. §4. Power given to any Person not named in the Act to inuft his Estate it not liable. $5. w §6.

CAP. CXCVI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Six Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

[12th July 1815.]

u TREASURY to cause Exchequer Bills for £6, 000, 000 to be made out in manner directed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. u §1, 2. Exchequer Bills chargeable on the First Supplies, f 3. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not M exceeding 3$per Cent.per Diem, f 4. Exchequer Bills to be taken in Payment at the Exchequer after April 5, 1810. $5. Bank of England may advance £6, 000, 000 on Credit of Aft, notwithstanding " 5*6W.lt M. c. 20.-J6>

LOCAL

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. 609

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of ths Title,

!a) For 21 Years, &c. [i. e. to the End of the next SeJfiori] from a Day named in the Ad. b\ For 21 Years, lAc. from the pqffing of the Ad.

(cjj For 21 Tsars, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all PubucAcis; to each of which is annexed a Clause in tht Form following:

V And be it further enacted, That t^iis AA shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and t " JliaU be judicially taken Notice of-a*.such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially tr pleaded." ., 1

A*

Cap. u

An Act to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the c-3-

Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Bird/ip Hill, in the said County, (b) 10 G. 3. c. 74.

[23 d March 1815.] 3J°.3-C l4«-[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday,]

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the 13 G. i. c. it. Road from Cirencester to Saint John*s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein x5 a. c. 15. mentioned, (b) [23d March 1815.] 3* 5-

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. DoubleTolls on Sunday.]

54.

70.

35 G* 3-. Mo*

39 & 40G.3* c. xlvii.

Cap. iii.

An Act to amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for raising a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the said Works.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making JVet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another A A was

passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a further 44 G*3* c*i'*

Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of His said prefejit Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for warehousing Goods 44 G* 3. c. ioe. 4 within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of 45 G. 3. c. Wii*

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His, present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty 46 O.3. c.li*.

sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in the Fortieth, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to The London Dock Company: And Whereas another Act'was passed in the Forty seventh Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable The London Pock Company

55 Geo. III. 4 I 4 to

47 G. 3. ScCft.

C. V.

61 o C. iii.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

49 G. 3. c. dvi.

30 G. 3. c.cli.

51 G. 3. c.xlix. 5» G. 3. c. cxir.

54 G. 3. c.xl.

Accidents by Fire prevented.

[Penalty.]

Conm&s for certain Premises confirmed.

4 to purchase certain Waterworks in the Parishes of Stratford, Westham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End and Stepney, and other Parishes adjacent, and to amend the several Acts for making IVet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in the Fortieth, Forty fourth. Forty fifth, Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto; and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities by the said Acts granted to The London Dock Company: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts passed for making IVet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty iirlt Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Rates and Charges to be received by The London Dock Company, upon Wines and Spirits landed and warehoused in the London Docks: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing further Time for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings belonging to The London Dock Company: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging and amending the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts for making the London Docks: And Wherea3 it is necessary to make more effectual Provision against the Hazard and Danger of Fire in the said Docks; and also in relation to certain Premises purchased by the said Company for the Use of the Officers of Cuiloms and Excise, and for other Purposes in relation to the said Docks: And Whereas certain Parts of the Entrances to the said Docks and Works cannot be completed without further Powers, and an additional Sum of Money raised for that Purpose; and it is necessary, for the Security of the said Docks and the Completion of the said Entrances and Works, that the said Actli should be altered and amended; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for further preventing the Hazard and Danger of Fire within the said Docks, and on board Ships and other Vessels therein, no Person whosoever shall, from and after the passing of this Act, at any time or times after the Hour of Four in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of March in every Year, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, smoak any Tobacco, or other Material used for smoaking, either within the said Docks, or on board of any Ship or Vessel in or within the said Docks, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty, not exceeding that Amount, may be recovered and applied under the said recited Act first hereinbefore mentioned or referred to.

II. And Whereas the Directors of the said Company have found it necessary for and towards the Improve* ment and Completion of the said Docks and Works, and the Entrances thereto, and for providing Accommodation for the Officers of Customs and Excise attending at the said Docks, to make sundry Contracts for,

and divers Purchases of Houses, Lands, Tenements, Buildings and Hereditaments, situate near the said Docks, but the fame not being within the Limits prescribed by the said recited A6l$, such Contrails and Purchases cannot be made effectual without the Aid of Parliament Be it therefore further enacted, That all Contracts which have been or shall be made by or on the behalf of the said Company, for the Purchase of all or any of the several Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments herein after mentioned; that is to say, a Freehold House and Premises with the Appurtenances, being Number Four, in Wapping Street; Four Freehold Houses, with the Appurtenances, being Number One, Two, Three and Four, on the Wellern Side of Half Moon Court in Wapping; a Freehold House, with the Appurtenances, being Number Five, on the North Side ot Half Moon Court aforesaid; a Freehold House with the Appurtenances, being Number Six, in Half Moon Court aforesaid 5 a Freehold House with the Appurtenances, being Number Seven, in Half Moon Court aforesaid 5 a Leasehold Public House, with the Appurtenances, called The Duke of Argyle, being Number Five, in Wapping Street; and a Freehold House, Warehouse and Premises, with the Appurtenances, situate at the North Well Corner of Little Hermitage Street in Wapping; also a Leasehold Brewery, with sundry Messuagesand other Buildings, Wharfs, and other Premises, with the Appurtenances held by Two several Leases heretofore granted and made by the Governors of Bridewell Hospital to Messieurs Pickard and Maitland, like-wife situate in and near Wapping Street; all which said Messuages, Hereditaments and Premises, are situate in the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the said County of Middlesex; also Six Freehold Houses, with the Appurtenances, being Numbers One hundred and twenty eight, One hundred and twenty nine, One hundred and thirty, One hundred and thirty one. One hundred and thirty two and One hundred and thirty three, with a Tenement and Sheds behind the fame, situate on the North* Side of Pennington Street, and One Freehold House on the Well Side of Chigwell Hill, and a Piece or Parcel of Freehold Land, with the several Houses, Sheds and Buildings thereon, abutting South on Pearl Street, Well on Silver Street, and North and Eall on Premises the Property of The London Dock Company: All which said last mentioned Messuages, Hereditaments and Premises, are situate in the Parish of Saint George M'uldlesex, commonly called Saint George in the Ecjl, in the County of Middlesex; and ail Bargains, Sales, Feoffments, Releafcs, Transfers, Leases, Assignments and other Conveyances, which have been or shall be made of or in relation to the fame Hereditaments

and

j

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII MI. C.iii. 611

and Premises, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, by or to or in Trust for or to or for the Use or Benefit of the said Company, shall be and the same are hereby declared and enacted to be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and to have the fame Effect, as if such House9, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively had been within the Limits prescribed by the said recited Acts or any of them; any thing in the said Acts, or any or either of them, or any other Law or Statute what- '/

ioever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases under any Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt How Debts awarded or to be awarded against any Person or Persons, who is or are or shall be indebted to the said Company, proved in cales or against whom the said Company shall or may have any Claims or Demands, it shall and may be lawful to and Bankruptcy, for any Person or Persons in the employ of the said Company, who shall from time to time be in that behalf nominated and appointed by Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer of the said Company for the time being,

to appear, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to appear and aft on behalf of the said Company, in respect of any such Debt, Claim or Demand, before the Commissioners under any Commission of Bankrupt, either personally, or by his or their Affidavit, to be duly sworn and exhibited in the usual manner, in order to prove and establish any such Debt, Claim or Demand, under such Commission; and every such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed, shall in all such cases be admitted and allowed to make Proof, or tender a Claim under any such Commission of Bankruptcy, on behalf and for the Benefit of the said Company, in respect of the Debt or Debts or other Demands of the said Company against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in like manner as any other Person or Persons being a Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in his or their own Right might or could do in respect of his or their Debt or Debts; and any Person or Persons to be nominated or appointed in manner aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to appear on behalf of the said Company, at any Meeting of the Creditors of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to vote thereat, in respect of any Debt or Debts which shall be admitted and allowed to be proved on behalf of the said Company, under any such Commission of Bankrupt as aforesaid, in like manner as any other Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts could or might do in respect of the Debt or Debts by him or them proved under such Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt.

IV. And, in order the better to enable the said Company to complete the said Docks and Works and the Entrances thereto, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, at any Meet- Capital Stock of ing or Meetings to be specially called for that Purpose in the manner directed by the said recited Acts, or any Company auger either of them now in force in that behalf, by such ways and means and upon such Terms as at such ment^Li Meeting or Meetings so called shall be thought expedient, and be directed to augment the present Capital

[Proviso.]

Stock of the said Company by any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, in case such Meeting or the Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present and entitled to Vote thereat shall declare it to be necessary and expedient so to augment the said Capital Stock; and that all such further and additional Capital Stock, not exceeding the additional and further Sum aforesaid, as shall be so raised, shall be considered as Part of the general Capital Stock of the said Company, and be under and subject to the fame Provisions, Regulations, Directions and Management, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been Part of the said original Capital Stock of the said Company (except as to the time or times of making Calls for the said additional Capital Stock, and the Amount of such Calls; which time and times, and the Amount of such Calls respectively, shall from time to time be appointed by the Directors of the said Company or any Thirteen or more of them): Provided always, that no more than Twenty proviso. five Pounds per Centum of such additional Sum or Sums shall be so called for or appointed to be paid within One Month: Provided also, that all the Regulations, Provisions and Clauses contained in the said first recited Act, in relation to the Calls for the original Capital of the said Company therein mentioned, and to the Recovery thereof, or of any Arrear thereof, and to the Forfeiture of any Sums advanced by reason of any Ne-gleft or Refusal to comply with such Calls, shall be applicable to the Calls for the said further and additional Sum hereby authorized to be raised or borrowed as aforesaid, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be required to be raised by way of additional Capital Stock as aforesaid, and the Refusal or Neglect to comply with such Calls last mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Majority of Proprietors present and en- Power for Com* titled to vote at any such Meeting or Meetings to be called as aforesaid, shall think it advisable to borrow the Fn> to borrow said further and additional Sum at Interest, in manner herein after mentioned, or shall deem it expedient to raise

only a Part of the said further and additional Sum by way of Augmentation of their Capital Stock, and to RauTasSe^u* borrow the Remainder thereof at Interest, then and in either of the said cases, it shall be lawful for the said rjty.

Company to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Security or Securities herein after mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, so as the whole Sum to be raised under the Authority of this Act shall not exceed such further and additional Sum as aforesaid, and in order to the raising of the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, in the manner last aforesaid, the said Company, or the Directors of the said Company for the time being, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall and may, at the Costs and Charges of the said Company, assign over the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of the said first recited Act, or a competent Part thereof; and also shall and may, if they shall think it proper, charge and subject all the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to the said Company, or a competent Part thereof, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, Nominee or Nominees, Executors or Administrators; and all such Alignments and Securities shall be made and entered, and shall be transferrable from time to time in the same manner (mutatis mutandis); and the fame, and the Monies which may be so borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be under and subject to such and the fame Provisions, Regulations,

Directions and Management in all respects, as are in and by the said first recited Act prescribed and directed,

4 I 2 concerning

Option to Persons advancing Money to become Proprietors, or be repaid in Money.

Company not rest rained from raising Money in manner by 39 &40G.3. directed.

Preference not given to Securities on account of Priority.

intereil paid for Money borrowed.

Interest paid Half yearly.

Powers of former Acth extended to Alt.

[Public Act.]

*8 G.a. c. 57. ao G. 3. c. 100. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. ix.

Ciiijiv. .55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

concerning the Alignments and Securities to be made and given for the Monies thereby authorized to be borrowed by the said Company, and concerning such last mentioned Monies and the Interest thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to insert in any Securities to be made as aforesaid (if the Majority of the said Proprietors present, and entitled to vote at any such Meeting, shall think fit), an Agreement, by which a Right shall be given to the respective Persons who mail advance and lend the said Money, or any Part thereof, or to the Persons who for the time being shall be entitled thereto, to have an Option of having their several and respective Loans repaid ia Money, or of heing admitted to have such a Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company, in lieu thereof, at such time or times, and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be agreed upon by the Directors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, under the Authority of any such Meeting or Meetings of the said Company as aforesaid, on the One Part, and the Persons from whom such Monies shall be borrowed from time to time on the other Part; so nevertheless that the respective Shares of the said Capital Stock, and the time or times, and the Terms or Conditions to be agreed upon as aforesaid, in relation to such Option, shall be expressed in the respective Securities for such Principal Monies, otherwise the Agreement or Agreements for such Option shall be void and have no effect.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to borrow all or any Part of the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds mentioned in the said recited Act passed in the Fortieth (a) Year of His present Majesty, in the manner directed by that Act, as well as the said additional and further Sum by this Act authorized to be raised or borrowed as aforesaid; any thing in the Acts of Parliament passed in relation to the said Company, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding. (a) [39 & 40 G. 3*

c. xlvii. §22.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That none of such Assignments and Securities, to be made by the said Company or by the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, pursuant to any of the Acts of Parliament passed in relation to the said Company, or pursuant to this Act, shall, on account of prior Date or Execution, be entitled to any Priority of Payment or other Preference before any other or others of such Securities of later Date or Execution; except the Preference which from time to time may be agreed to be given in relation to the Option of converting Loans into Capital Stock, under the Authority of this Act, and also except the Security hereby authorized to be given upon the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of the said Company, or such Part thereof as aforesaid in relation to the said further and additional Sum by this Act authorized to be raised or borrowed, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall or may be charged on the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay the Interest of the said further and additional Sum, or so much and such Part and PartB thereof as mail be raised by way of Loan, in manner aforesaid (and whether with or without such Option as aforesaid), of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Monies which shall from time to time be in the Hands or Power of the said Company, applicable to the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Assignment or Mortgage under the Authority of this Act shall, from the time the said Money or any Part thereof shall be advanced, be payable Half yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in Preference to any Interest or Dividend due and payable to the said Company, or any of them, and shall from time to time be fully paid and discharged or provided for, before any Interest or Dividends due to the said Company, or any of them, shall be paid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all thfe Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Privileges, as to voting or otherwise, and all Penalties, Forfeitures, Cladfes, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts (so far as the same are not hereby varied, altered or repealed), shall extend and be construfed to extend to this Act, and to the said Company and the Directors thereof and others carrying this Act into Execution, and Also to all Proprietors or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, possessed of any Capital Stock advanced under any of the Provisions of this Act, or lending any Sums of Money to the said Comparty under the fame, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and also to the Transfer, Assignment or Forfeiture of any such Capital ^Stock, and to the Securities for any Money so lent; and also as to the prosecuting or defending any Actions or Suits in the Name of or against the Treasurer of the said Company, and shall operate and be in force as to all such additional Capital Stock or Money lent, and the Application of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act as fully and eneftually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were severally and particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded*

Cap. iv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late arid present Majesty, for repairing the

Roads from Epsom through Ewell to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kinyston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton;

and across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, all in the County of Surry, (a) [23d March 1815.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Toll: to ccafc, new Toll: granted One Half additional Toll on Sunday*

l Cap

A.D. 1815.

55 GEORGII III. C.v — ix. 613

Cap. v.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Parish 50 G. 3. c.cxlr. Church of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Cnefer.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. vi.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to raise Money for 35 0.3. c 5*. discharging the Debts of the said Company.

[23d March 1815.] 4* G*3* (U.K.)

[100, 000l.] J;

c. cxlviii.

Cap. vii. 53 g. 3. c. cxx.

An Act for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and lighting, watching, cleaning, widening and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places, in the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from 34 G* 3* c.iaj. Burtryford, in the County of Durham, to Alflon, in the County of Cumberland, from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Burn/iones in the County of Northumberland. (c) C23d March 1815.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Toll in certain cases.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for erecting a Shire HaU, Courts of Justice and other Buildings, for Public Purposes 5 and for providing suitable Accommodations for His Majesty's Justices of Assize, in and for the County of Hereford.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS the Shire Hall for the County of Hereford is locally situate within the City of Hereford, in the same County; and the Assizes and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and the County*Courts and other Courts of and for the said County have been there holden; and the said Shire Hall is also the accustomed Place for electing Knights of the Shire, and for holding the other Public Meeting! of the said County of Hereford: And Whereas at the Assizes and General Gaol Delivery' holden in and for the said County of Hereford, on Monday the Eighth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it was presented by the Grand Jury of and for the County of Hereford, that the Shire Hall for the said County of Hereford is a very inconvenient Building, and ill adapted for the Admiriistration of*Justice; and that the said Shire Hall is much out of Repair and in Decay, and inefficient and unfit for the Public Purposes to which the fame hath been and ought to be applied, and the Scite thereof, being fur- rounded by a Public Street in the City of Hereford, is too limited and confined to admit of Enlargement,

or of any adequate Alteration or Improvement in the present Building, without creating great Inconvenience*by obstructing the Jiigbway and Passage in the said Street: And Whereas it is expedient to fereft new*Courts of Justice, with suitable Conveniences, wherein to hold the Assizes and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and the County Courts and other Courts for the said County of Hereford, and to transact other*Judicial Business; and also to erect a new Shire Hall for the County of Hereford, and other proper*Buildings for the Purposes of such County: And Whereas a new Gaol for the said County of Hereford\

was some time since erected; and the Scite or Ground whereupon the old Gaol for the said County formerly ' flood, and the Buildings and Materials thereupon still remain Unfold and undisposed of; and the lame Scite or Ground is situate in the said City of Hereford, lying in Front next to Saint Owen Street, in the Parish of Saint Peter, in the said City, and being at a short Di(lance from the present Shire Hall, is well calculated*for such new Erections, with Accommodations thereto, and affords an easy Communication with the present Gaol of the said County of Hereford; and it is expedient that the said Scite or Ground should be made*life of for the said Purposes, but to adapt the fame for such Purposes, and to make convenient Avenues and Approaches thereto, it will be necessary to purchase several Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Gardens and Pieces of Ground adjacent and opposite thereto: And Whereas it is expedient that better Accommodation*should be procured for The King's Judges, when holding the Assizes in the said City of Hereford; and there appears to be no Mode of procuring permanent and suitable Accommodation for them, but by the Expenditure of a considerable Sum of Money, either in the purchase, repairing or building of some House*for that Purpose: And Whereas it is expedient that the Expences of purchasing, repairing, altering or building such Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Gardens and Pieces of Ground, as shall be necessary for the several Purposes aforesaid, and of erecting and making the said new Courts of Justice, Shire Hall,

Lodgings for His Majesty's Judges, and other Buildings and Accommodations, and of obtaining and passing this Act, and also all other Expences attending the Execution thereof, should be borne and paid by and raised by way of Rate upon the said County of Hereford; and it is expedient that such Expences should be borne in certain Proportions by and between the Proprietors and the Occupiers of ( Lands and Hereditaments within the said County; but as the several Ends and Purposes aforesaid cannot bte effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it .therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ind Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by

1

614 C.ix.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181

Commissioners appointed.

Meeting* of Commissioners,

In what case prders not valid.

Notice given of Meetings, except those by Adjournment.

phairman

appointed.

Proceedings

entered.

by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who now are or shall hereafter for the time being be Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for directing, ordering and managing the erection and building of new Courts of Justice, with suitable Conveniences, wherein to hold the Assizes and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and the County Courts and other Courts for the said County of Hereford, and to transact other Judicial Business, and also of a new Shire Hall for the said County of Hereford, and other proper Rooms and Buildings for the Use and Public Purposes of the said County, and for making, widening, beautifying or improving the Avenues or Approaches to or surrounding the fame respectively, and also the purchasing, adapting or erecting of any proper and commodious Messuage or Messuages, with Gardens and other suitable Conveniences and Accommodations for the lodging of His Majesty's Judges when holding Adizes in the said City, and repairing and fitting up the fame, and the Application of the Scite or Ground whereon the old Gaol for the said County flood, or any proper Part or Parts thereof, and such other Messuages, Buildings, Land, Ground and Hereditaments, as shall or may be purchased or acquired under the Powers of this Act, for such Erections and Buildings, or such other Purposes as aforesaid, and for felling such Parts of the said Scite, Buildings, Ground and Premises, as shall not be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, and for raising and defraying the Expences of such Erections and Buildings as aforesaid, and of all Sales, Purchases, and othei Acts to be made and done under the Powers of this Act, and also the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and generally for carrying this Act, and the several Purposes thereof, into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, Hi all meet at the Committee Room at the present Gaol of and for the said County of Hereford, and which is locally situate within the Liberties of the City of Hereford, on the Monday next after the passing of this Act, or as foo:; after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon; ot which First Meeting at least Eight Days previous Notice shall be given by Five or more of the said Commissioners, in the Newspaper called The Hereford Journal; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more o them, shall then and there proceed to put this Act into Execution, and then and from time to time afterward, adjourn themselves to meet or otherwise meet according to such Notice as is herein after directed to be given, at such time or times, and at such Place or Places within the said County of Hereford, as such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and convenient; and if Five Commissioners shall not attend at the time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, then the Commissioners or Commissioner present may make such Adjournment; and if no such Commissioner shall be present, or if at any Meeting an Adjournment be neglected to be made, then the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, or his Deputy, ma> revive and continue the Meetings of the said Commissioners, by calling One or more Meetings for that Purpose, and causing such Notice to be given as is herein after directed; and every such Meeting so to be called for the Purpose of reviving and continuing the said Meetings, shall and maybe adjourned in like manner; and all fuel. Adjournments, and the Revivals and Continuations of the said Meetings, shall be entered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, or his Deputy, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and notwithstanding any Adjournment of the Meetings of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or for the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, under the Direction of the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, to convene a Meeting of the said Commissioners, at any time prior in Date % o the tiine for which any Meeting shall have been adjourned; of which Meeting so to be convened, and the Purpose thereof, the like Not^e shall be given as is herein after directed with respect to other Meetings of the said Commissioners,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Orders, Contracts, Sales. Purchases or other Acts or Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act, shall be valid unlefB done or executed at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; and that previous Notice of all the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) shall be given in the said Newspaper by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or by the said Clerk of the Peace for the time being, or his Deputy, Eight Days at least before such Meeting, which Notice shall specify the Time and Place of such Meeting, and at all such Meetings the said Commissioners shall pay their own Expences, and at every such Meeting One of the said Commissioners present shall be appointed Chairman, and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in such Commissioners, shall and may be exerciseft by the major Part of the Commissioners present (the whole Number present not being less than Five), and the Chairman shall not only have a single Vote, but in case of Equality of Votes upon any Question, shall have the decisive or calling Vote, and all the Orders and Directions of the major Part of such Commissioners present at such Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were done by all such Commissioners for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Entries shall be made by the Clerk of the Peace, qr his Deputy* in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, of all the Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions and Proceedings of the said Commissioners relative to the Execution of this Act; and all such Entries shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and other Places whatsoever, in all Causes, Suits, Actions or Disputes, touching any thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book and Books shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and shall and may be perused and inspected at all seasonable times, by any Person contributing towards the Expence of carrying this Act into Execution, on Payment to such Clerk of the Peace of One Shilling for each time of Inspection, and One Shilling more for every Hour after the First Hour during which such Inspection shall continue after the First Hour; and when all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioner shall cease, in consequence of the final Execution of such Powers and Authorities, such Book or Books shall

?t

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C.ix. 615

be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Hertford, and be by him kept and preferred amongst the Records of the said County.

V. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissonera may, if they think fit, nominate and appoint Committee*, one or more Committee or Committees (confiding of any Number of their own Body) to superintend, regulate and controul such Artificers, Officers and Workmen as shall be employed by the said Commissioners or

any of them, and to fee to the due Performance of such Contract and Agreements and Works as may be entered into for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or any of them; and also to do and execute all such other Business, Service and Commission, as shall be committed or entrusted to its Care, Management, Superintendance or Execution, for the Purposes of this Act; and to nominate and appoint several such Committees (if necessary) for separate Departments of the said Works, or with separate Objects, and to give Instructions to such Committees accordingly; and all Acts, Indructions, Orders and Directions, signed, done or given by the Majority of any such Committee (provided they do not exceed the Limits of the Orders of the Commissioners at large) shall be binding on such Artificers, Officers and Workmen as aforesaid, and all other Persons concerned therein, and good, valid and effectual for the Purposes to which the same shall relate.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of Appointment©! this Act (of the special Object of which such Notice as aforesaid shall be given), shall and may from time Officer*.

to time appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and such other Officers and Persons as they may think proper for assisting in the Execution of this Act, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance of the fame, with such Salaries and Allowances, to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by this Act, as shall be thought reasonable by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them; and also Security, shall and may take Security from such Treasurers, or other Officers and Persons, for the faithful Execution of their Office respectively, and for duly accounting for all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be received by such Treasurer or Treasurers, Officers and Persons, and paying the Balances thereof, from time to time as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint; and also may from time to time remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, Officers and other Person or Persons, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed or shall die, and may when they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, discontinue any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Officers and Person* so to be appointed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue and be fixed in the Name of the Commissionen

Clerk of the Peace for the time being; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the I"*1* be-

find Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace, shall

abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or by the Act of the said

Clerk of the Peace, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, but that such Clerk of the Peace shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the case may

be: Provided always, that every such Clerk of the Peace shall be re-imbursed, out of the Monies to be Cleric of P«ce

raised by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Charges, Damages and Expences, as he shall be put unto or indemnified.

become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the Scite of Scite of old the old Gaol of the said County of Hereford, and the Buildings belonging thereto (situated as hereinbefore G«ol, ftc. ofed mentioned), or any Part or Parts thereof, to be used as the Scite of the new Shire Hall, Courts, Offices, ^r"«w*uiW-Messuages and other Buildings to be erected and built under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, or any

of them, and for such Yards, Gardens and Outlets to the fame, as shall be thought commodious and proper,

or otherwise to sell and dispose of the said Scite or Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the Purposes of this Act, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; and for that Pui^ofe, that all and singular the Sdte ofokl

said Scite, Land or Ground whereupon the said old Gaol, and the several Buildings belonging thereto, lately P' ramissionT

flood, and all the Yards, Courts, Outlets, Ways, Paths, Passages, Waters, Watercourses, Fences, Easements, c°s

Commodities, Hereditaments and Appurtenances whatsoever to the fame respectively belonging, or at any

time holden or occupied therewith, or taken or known as Part, Parcel or Member thereof, and the Fee

Simple and Inheritance thereof in Possession, shall ( from and immediately after the passing of this Act) be,

and the same are hereby vested and settled in and upon and to the Use of the said Commissioners, the Justices of the Peace for the County of Hereford9 and their Successors for ever, upon Trust, and to the Intent that they do and shall cause or permit the fame Premises, every or any Part thereof, to be converted, held, used

and disposed of, for the several Purposes of this Act, or any of them, or otherwise as by this Act directed

or authorized, in such manner as they the said Commissioners shall think expedient.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more Commissioners to of them, from time to time to treat, contract for and agree with the several Owners, Occupiers of and eat (or other Persons interested in any Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Tenements, Buildings, Gardens, Outlets, Ground,

Easements, Lands and Hereditaments whatsoever, which shall or may be conveniently used for any of the Buildings erect-Purposes of this Act, or shall be deemed necessary for making, enlarging or other wise accommodating thed,

new Buildings hereby directed to be built or provided, or widening, beautifying or improving the Avenues and Approaches to the fame respectively, or any other of the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof f to be conveyed to or to become otherwise vested in the said Commissioners in manner herein after mentioned, for the Purposes of this Act), and likewise with the Owners, Occupiers and Persons interested in any other Messuages, Ground or Builaings whatsoever, for any Loss or Damage which such Owners, Occupiers and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may sustain by or on account of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and with the Monies to be raised in maimer herein after directed, to pay for the Purchase such Houses, Lands, Tenements, Ground and Hereditaments, and for such Losses or Damages such Sum

or

616

Bodies Politic, See. may treat for Sale of JLandx.

If Parties refus* to treat. Value fouled by Ju«y.

C.ix. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners, Occupiers and Persons interested as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or as shall be assessed by a Jury in the cases and manner herein after mentioned, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreements, Purchases or Assessments.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole (on behalf of themselves and their Successors), Tenants for Life, or per autre vie, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and any Person or Persons having a beneficial Estate or Interest for any Term or Terms of Years on behalf of themselves and their Issue, their Executors or Administrators, and also of all Persons seised or entitled in Remainder expectant on their respective Estates and Interests, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, and all other Trustees for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and also of their Ccjluique Trusts, Wives, Wards and other Persons in Trust, for or on behalf of whom they may be respectively interested (whether Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever), and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised or possessed of or in any wise interested in their own Right, or for their separate Use, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or is or shall or may be seised, possessed of, entitled to or any wife interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, as shall or may be deemed necessary for the Purposes of this Act (except Tenants at Rack Rents, or from Year to Year, or at Will), to contract and agree with the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, every or any Part thereof, and the Fee Simple thereof, or other absolute Interest therein, and all and every or any Estate, Right, Title and Interest whatsoever, at Law or in Equity, of, in or to the fame, for the Purposes of this Act; and to convey the fame* and the Fee Simple or absolute Interest thereof, every or any Part thereof, and every Estate, Right, Title and Interest therein, to the said Commissioners and their Successors, Justices of the Peace for the said County, for ever, or to such Person or Persons in Trust for them, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, seised of, entitled to or interested in the Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Tenements, Ground or Hereditaments, specified in the said Schedule to this Act, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any of the said Houses, Lands, Tenements, Ground, Premises or Hereditaments, mentioned or specified in the said Schedule, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for his, her or their Interest therein, or by reason of Absence, Incapacity or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, then and in any such case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them (Twenty one Days at the least before any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Hereford), to give or cause to be given to such Owners or Persons interested, or his, her or their Husbands, Trustees, Guardians or Committees respectively, or to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or to leave or cause to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession of any such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Notice in Writing signed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, describing or denoting the Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so intended to be purchased, and purporting that the Value thereof will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions; and the Justices at their Sessions, upon Proof to them made of such Notice having been so given or left, are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions, or some other Jury of Twelve honest Men, to be then and there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County, without Fee or Reward; and in Default of the Attendance of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, then such other honest and indifferent Men of the Bye-standers as the said Sheriff shall take, or of others that he can speedily procure, to attend that Service, to make up the Number Twelve, and cause them to be sworn well and truly on their Oaths to assess the Value of the Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, mentioned in or referred to by the said Notice, and the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be intended to be used for the Purposes of this Act, to the respective Owners, Occupiers and Persons interested, according to their respective Interests therein; which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer to such Jury 5 and the said Justices, if they shall think fit, shall and may cause the said Jury to view the Place and Places, Matter and Matters in Question; and to which said Jury, the said Commissioners and all Parties interested shall have their lawful Challenges, but shall not challenge the Array 5 and the said Jury being so charged and sworn as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence upon Oath given concerning the Nature, Quantity and Value of such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, shall by their Verdict assess the Damage and Recompence to be given for the fame, to such respective Owners, Occupiers and Persons, according to their respective Interests therein; and the said Justices, or the major Part of them, shall give Judgment for such Purchase Money or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury; which Verdict of the said Jury, and Judgment of the said Justices upon the fame, shall be entered in the Records of the Sessions, and shall finally bind and be conclusive on the said Commissioners and on all Persone and Parties interested in the said Houses, J*ands, Teneraeats and Hereditaments respectively, as fully and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if

such

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. Cix.

such Persons and Parties had respectively consented to and joined in the Sale and Conveyance thereof, for the Purpose of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take or use for the Purposes of this Act, any House, Building, Garden, Orchard, Planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, other than and except the Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned and comprized in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, and intended to be taken and used for the Purposes thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as the Recompence, Price or Value for any such Houses, Buildings, Ground, Lands or Hereditaments, Easements, Privileges, Loss or Damage as aforesaid, than what shall have been agreed to or offered by or on the Part of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, before the returning or impannelling of the Jury, that then and in such case the Costs and Expences of the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences respecting the taking the said Verdict or Inquisition, and the Judgment, Order or Adjudication thereon, shall be borne and paid by the said CommissionerB out of the Money to be by them raised by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to or offered by or on the Part of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, before the taking of such Verdict or Inquisition as aforesaid, as the Recompence, Price or Value for any such Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Lands or Hereditaments, Easements, Privileges, Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences to be occasioned as aforesaid, and all other the Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Appeal or Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by the Court of Quarter Sessions before which such Appeal or Matter shall be heard, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessedand adjudged, as so much Money advanced towards and in Part of such Recompence, Price or Value; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on demand, may be recovered by the said Commissioners, in the Name, Style or Appellation of "The Justices of the Peace of the County of Hereford" by Action of Debt, in that Name, Style or Appellation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Wager of Law, Essoign or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always, that in all cases where nny Person shall by reason of Absence from the Kingdom of Great Britain, have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid out of the Money to be raised or received by the said Commissioners under or by virtue of this Act.

XlVr And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or Tender of the Money so agreed, ordered, assessed or adjudged to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Lands or Hereditaments, Easements or Privileges, or for such Recompence as aforesaid (subject to such Deduction for Costs as herein mentioned, or upon investment or Payment thereof into the Bank of England, in manner by tills Act directed, as the case may be, the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements and Privileges, so psrehafed, shall vest in the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall then be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, their Workmen, Servants or Agents, to enter upon and take Possession of and make use of such Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements and Privileges, and every Part thereof, and also to pull down such Houses and Buildings, or so much of them as it shall be necessary or expedient to pull down; and all such Persons and Parties who were the Owners or Occupiers thereof, shall be divested of all Right and Title in and to the fame and every Part thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed. Ordered or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, and the same shall belong wholly or in Part to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trustee for or on Behalf or in Right of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall have been limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte " The Justices of the Peace for the County of Hereford" to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Lands/Tenements, Rights, Hereditaments or Premises, from which such Monies shall have arisen, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances affecting the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, or holden or liable upon or to the fame or the like Title, Uses, Intents or Purposes, or such Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be so paid and discharged 5 and where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested (under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court) in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Gw. III. 4 K which

617

No House* taken, excepthose specified i* Schedule.

Expence of Jury, how paid.

[Proviso.]

Upon Payment or investment of Purchase Money, Commissioners may take Possessio*.

Application of Money belonging lo Coq>or-ations, if amounting to 2coL

618 C.ix. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, previously flood settled or limited, or to, for or upon such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined or capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be itivefled by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Mefloages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, iu case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

If less than aool.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed, ordered or awarded to and not left than be paid for any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes

ao!* aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity

as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy (to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be

paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option,

and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them) such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application if

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed, ordered or awarded to left than aol. be paid as next before mentioned* shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in every such case the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for any of the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners, the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively. Title* not made

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Moneyc# shall be ordered or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments

to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make out a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, the said Justices of the Peace for the time being, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered or awarded to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so ordered or awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be andis hereby empowered (in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fameCourt shall seem meet) to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money

(mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the fame is or are received), to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Purchase

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to

Money paid into any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General Chancery on Gf the fajj Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands,

fed!verities" Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities

how dispoied of to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the Contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and dispoied of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that

A.D. 1815. J5° GEORGII III. C.k. 619

such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such MefTungcs, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Inter eft therein.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of Court may order the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to reasonable Ex-be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid °* in.ve^"

into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or purcha^of111 Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in purfiian.ce of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the other Lands to said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of be paid by Com-this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary raiffionera.

Costs and Expences of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, out of the Monies to be

aifefied and raised upon the said County of Hereford, by and under the Authority of this Act, or by the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County of Hereford, out of the County Rate of the said County, who shall from time to time pay such Sum of Money accordingly, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will for one Year, or from Year to Year, and Tenants at Will

every Person or Persons in Possession of any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as shall be to deliver up purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than on

as Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Pre- Monlhs Notice, mises to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any

Five or more of them shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having not less than Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the time being; and it shall be lawful and sufficient for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or the Clerk of the Peace, to give such Notice, as well before as after the respective Purchases of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall have been completed, or the Purchase Money thereof paid, tendered or invested as hereinbefore mentioned; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the time or times of such Tenant's Entrance or Holding, or not, or as soon after as he, she or they shall be required by such Notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to the said Clerk of the Peace, or any Person or Persons authorised by such Commissioners or any Five or more of them to take Possession thereof; they the said Commissioners making such Satisfaction ana Compensation to every such Tenant or Lessee, or other Person or Compensation. Persons in Possession as aforesaid, in case he, she or they shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her or their Term in the Premises, as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall deem just and reasonable; and if any Difference or Dispute shall arise touching the Amount of such Satisfaction and Compensation, then and in such case the same shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Messuages,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, are hereinbefore directed to be settled and ascertained in case of any Difference or Dispute about the fame; and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County of Hereford, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the fame Premises, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgagee on Mortgages upon any Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased by virtue and being tendered for the Purposes of this Act, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall Pr, nciPal

(on Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or from such Person or ^terest'10 con'

Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and difeoarge the Principal Money and Interest which shall ve^'

be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of not less than Six Calendar Months,

to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, and on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due at c s 1

the time to be mentioned in such Notice), convey, release, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the

Premises so purchased, to or in Favour of the said Commissioners, the Justices of the Peace for the time being

for the said County; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid,

on such Payment or Tender thereof, then all Interest on the Principal Money due on every such Mortgage shall

thenceforth cease and determine.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances and Assurances of any Messuages, Lands, Form of Con-Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, to be made to the said Commissioners, the Justices of the Peace for veyance. the said County of Hereford, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet,

1 J A* B* of in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by the Commissioners acting by virtue of an Act of Parliament,

passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this

A8^ do hereby grant and release unto the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, the Justices of the

Peace for the time being of the County of Hereford, and their Successors for the time being, Justices of the

Peace for the said County, All [, here describe the Mejfuagesy Lands, Tenements and Premises to be cotroeyed,]

and all my Estate, Right, Title and Interest of, in and to the fame and every Part thereof, To hold to they

4 K 2 ' said

Conveyance rmlid, &c.

Bodies Politic, Ice. indemnified.

Mortmain.

Old Buildings talceu down and new Courts ere&ed/cc.

[Proviso.]

Lodgings for Judges made on Scite of Old Gaol, or near thereto, or by purchasing, &c. any Messuage or Premises at a Diilance from Scite.

Comm ilH oner* empowered to take Consider-

C.ix. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

said Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, and their Successors for the

time being, Justices of the Peace for the said County, for ever: In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my

f Hand and Seal, this Day of in the Year of our Lord .*

And every such Sale, Conveyance and Assurance so made, and every Contract and Agreement for such Sale, Conveycyice and Assurance, shall be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to fell or convey the Estate or Interest of the Person or Persons conveying, but also to fell and to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Possibility, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of his, her or their several and respective Cejlutque Trusts, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, from or under him, her or them respectively, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expe#ant upon such Particular or other Estate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers Of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons (if she or they shall be entitled to any Right of Dower), and all Estates Tail, and all Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person or Persons, and every Person claiming or to claim under them respectively, as effectually as Fines and Common Recoveries would do in cases where a Fine and Common Recovery would acquire the absolute Fee Simple if levied or suffered by the Parties interested, and such Parties had been adult and without Impediment or Disability (any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding); and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or per autre vie, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or having a beneficial Estate for Years, and all Feoffees in Trust, Husbands, Trustees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do or cause to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County of Hereford\ to hold all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be taken, purchased, conveyed to, or otherwise vested in them by virtue of this Act, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain; any Law, Statute or Usage whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when the said Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Tenements, Buildings, Gardens, Outlets, Grounds, Easements, Lands and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, shall so as aforesaid be purchased or become vested in the said Commissioners, the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to dire# or cause the said Messuages', Dwelling Houses, and other Buildings to be taken down, and to fell the Materials thereof cither when taken down or standing, or to use the fame or any Part thereof in the new Buildings herein after mentioned, as to such Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall seem most proper, and to apply the clear Monies anting from such Sale (if any) as the Monies to be raised on the said County of Hereford are herein after directed to be applied, or in the several Contracts for the Purchase of such Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Tenements, Buildings and Hereditaments, or any of them respectively, to agree that the Materials thereof, or any Part thereof, shall be taken down and removed by the Person or Persons respectively agreeing to sell the same, to his, her or their own Use and Benefit; and also to cause to be ere#ed, built and made on the Scite of the said Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Tenements, Buildings, Gardens, Outlets, Ground, Lands and Hereditaments, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, and upon the Scite of the aforesaid old Gaol, and the Buildings and Premises belonging thereto, or any Part thereof, new Courts of Justice, a new Shire Hall, and an Office or Offices for the Use of the Clerk of the Peace, and for keeping of the Rolls, Records, Books and Papers of the said County of Hereford, and a House for the Lodging or Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Affixes for the said County of Hereford, together with such Buildings, Rooms, Additions, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Outlets, Avenues and other Accommodations to or for the fame respectively, and to be completed and fitted up in such manner as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall judge requititc and proper, and also to widen and improve the Avenues and Approaches to the said new Shire Hall, Courts, Offices, Buildings and Premises, by throwing any Part or Parts of the Scitcs so to be purchased or acquired, into the Public Streets near or surrounding the fame or any of them, or any other Application of such Scites, or any Part or Parts thereof; and also to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for executing all or any of the aforesaid Works, or to cause and procure the lame to be executed, without entering into such Contract or Contracts, in such manner as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think proper: Provided always, that all such Buildings, Rooms, Additions, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Outlets, Avenues and other Accommodations as aforesaid, shall be completed within Three Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such House, Lodgings or Accommodation for the said Judges as aforesaid, either shall and may be ere#ed, built and made upon the Scite of the said old Gaol, and the Buildings and Premises belonging thereto, or any Part thereof, or of any Houses, Buildings or Premises near or adjoining to the fame, which shall be purchased and taken down as aforesaid, or by purchasing, repairing, fitting up and adapting any other convenient and suitable Messuage or Dwelling House, or Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Yards, Gardens and Premises, in the said City of Hereford, at such a Distance from the said Scite of the said old Gaol, as to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall seem most expedient; all which Messuage or Dwelling House, or Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Yards, Gardens and Premises, shall and may be purchased, repaired and fitted up under the Provisions and Dire#ions hereinbefore contained.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of this Act for the time being, to take and receive from the High Sheriff of the said County of Hereford for the time being, as a Consideration for providing such Lodgings and Accommodation for His Majesty's Justices

i of

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C.lx. 621

of Assize as aforesaid, at each and every Assize bolden for the said County, such Sum or Sums of Money as arum for-Judges hath or have ufur.Uy been or shall hereafter be allowed, paid or issued by or out of His Majesty's Exchequer to the said Sheriff, for providing such Lodgings and Accommodation.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices and Buildings shall be Courts, &c. completely finished and fitted up, the fame, and the Ground thereof, and all other the Lands, Hereditaments of'countr and Premises whatsoever which shall be respectively purchased by virtue of this Act, shall from thenceforth be for Public Pur-vested in and the same are hereby from thenceforth vested in the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the poses. said County of Hereford, upon Trust, and to the End, Intent and Purpose that the said Justices of the Peace shall and will from time to time and at all times hereafter appropriate such Part or Parts of the said Buildings as they shall think proper, for the sole Purpose of an Office or Offices for the Use of the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the said County of Hereford and his Deputy and for the safe keeping of the Rolls,

Records and Papers of the said County, and peaceably, quietly and freely permit and suffer all the Courts of the Justices of Assize and Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, or special Commissions for the said County of Hereford, and the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, and the County Courts of the said County of Hereford (whether for the Purpose of Elections to be held therein, or for ordinary judicial Proceedings), and all Inquisitions, and Writs of Inquiry, of and for the said County of Hereford, and the Hundred Courts and other Courts of the said County of Hereford, to be holden in the said Courts of Justice, or one of them, or in the said Shire Hall, as the Occasion may require 5 and also permit and suffer the other Buildings and Premises to be erected or adapted as aforesaid, and the Appurtenances to be had and used at all such Times for the respective Purposes for which they may be designed and adapted; and also peaceably, quietly and freely permit and suffer the Sheriff and Freeholders for the time being of the said County of Hereford to meet and to hold all Public Meetings of such County in the said Shire Hast (when and as often as they shall be there legally convened by the said Sheriff); and also peaceably, quietly and freely permit and suffer the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall and other Buildings and Premises, to be had, used and enjoyed for such other Public Uses and Purposes a3 the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time direct, order or appoint, with free Liberty, for all Persons whom it may concern, to act and officiate in and to resort to and attend upon the said Courts and Meetings as they shall have Occasion; and when and as soon as the said Courts, Shire Hall, and other Buildings and Premises shall have been completed, and shall be fit for the Purpose for which the same are hereby directed to be made, the present Shire Hall called The Shire Hall, ' with the Rooms, Buildings and Appurtenances thereto belonging (which Premises belong to the Corporation of the said City of Hereford), Ihafl from thenceforth be discharged of and from all Claims, Rights and Privileges thereto or therein, which have heretofore existed, or been claimed or exercised for or on account of any of the Purposes or Occasions of the said County of Hereford; and the said County of Hereford shall for ever thereafter be wholly exonerated and discharged from any Liability to maintain or repair the said present Shire Hall, Rooms and Buildings, with the Appurtenances.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall, andl, r, !dl<^l°n other Buildings and Premises to be provided and erected under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, shall s'vea 10 ^ouru* have been erected and completed as aforesaid, or made fit for transacting Business, then and from thenceforth the Justices of Assize and Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Deliver)' for the said County of Hereford, and also the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, at their General Quarter Sessions and at all other times, and the Sheriff of the County of Hereford for the time being, as well for the ordinary Purposes of Jurisdiction as for electing Knights of the Snirfe to serve in Parliament for the said County of Hereford, and for electing Coroners for the said County of Hereford, and for executing all Writs of Enquiry for the said County of Hereford, and all Juries, Officers, Witnesses and others, of or acting for the said County of Hereford, shall and may lawfully fit, execute and discharge their several Functions, Commissions, Processes, Duties and Services, in the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall and other Buildings and Premises so as aforesaid authorized to be erected, made or acquired by this Act, in the same manner and under the fame circumstances as hath been used at the old Shire Hall and Courts of Justice in and for the said County$ and that, for removing all Doubts and Difficulties which might otherwise arise as to Jurisdiction in or upon the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall, and other Buildings and Premises to be erected and built, made or acquired by virtue of this Act, all and every the Processes, Rules, Orders,

Attachments, Judgments, Executions, Records and Proceedings of the said Courts of Assize and Nisi Prius,

Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, Quarter Sessions, County and other Courts whatsoever, as and when the said several Courts shall respectively fit or be holden at, '*in or upon the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall, and other Buildings and Premises to be erected, built, made and acquired under the Powers of this Act, shall be as binding, valid, legal and effectual, and shall be deemed and considered, and are hereby declared to be as binding, valid, legal and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said several Courts bad not been removed, but had respectively continued to fit and be holden in the said old Shire Hall and Court Houses respectively, or the former Place or Places where the fame several Courts respectively have heretofore fitten and been holden; any Law, Statute or Practice to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Commissioners any Five or more of them, at any time or times, to make Sale and dispose of any Part or Parts of the Scite may leU orex-or Scitea of the aforesaid old Gaol and the Buildings and Premises belonging thereto (if any) which shall ^"^ofolcT cot be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, such Sale to be made by Public Auction or Private Contract, °not

and in such Lots, and for such Prices, as to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall feera warned for Fur-

meet, tfQfei ef Aft.

Monies to atile by Sales, paid to Treasurer.

Courts, &c. injured and sup-ported at Expence of County.

1st G. 2. C. 39.

13 G. a. c. 18. §7»

9 G. 3. c. ao.

Destroying Courts, &c.

TranTporUtion,

&c.

Justices of the Peace to order Prosecution of Offenders, &c.

Money for carrying Act into Execution, how

raised.

C.ix. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

meet, and upon the Completion of any and every such Sale, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, by any Deed or Deeds sealed and delivered by them, and to be enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, to grant, appoint, convey or otherwise arture the Ground, Scites, Buildings and Premises which shall be so sold as aforesaid with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, and his or their Heirs and Assigns, or otherwise. to such Uses and in such manner as he or they shall dire ct or require.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise and be produced by any such Sales as aforesaid from time to time, shall be from time to time paid to the Treasurer for the time being appointed for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be applied for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, in like manner as is herein after provided with respect to other Monies.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises shall be completed, finished and fitted up, the same shall be for ever4thereafter insured, supported, repaired, and kept and maintained in Repair, and provided with proper Accommodations and Furniture from time to time as Occasion shall require, at the Expence and Charge of the said County of Hereford; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at any General Quarter Sessions of the said County, or the major Part of them then assembled, from time to time to order the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises to be insured, supported, repaired and kept and maintained in Repair, and provided with proper Accommodations and Furniture, and be repaired and altered in such manner as they shall think fit; and the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions shall and may from time to time appoint one or more Person or Persons to look after and take Care of the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises, and the several Apartments thereof, and shall and may order such Salary, or allow such Fees to such Person or Persons, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and also shall and may order the Expence and Charge thereof, and likewise of the Furniture, Insurance and Repairs of the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises as aforesaid (and also the Insurance of the fame whilst building, if they think proper so to insure the fame) from time to time to be defrayed and paid by and out of the Monies to be raised by the general Rates and Assessments made and to be made, asserted and levied in the said County by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy assesstng9 colic Bing and levying of County Rates, and by virtue of an Act made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned; for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes; for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works ereBed by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing ExaBions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Wefward9 and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrefs; and for the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more tjfeBualpreventing all His Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign CommiJJftons; and for limiting the Time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franc hifes or Liberties; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franc hifes as have Com miftfons of the Peace within themselves9 and in such manner as is directed in and by an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls9 County Halls9 or other Buildings, wherein the Ash % cs or Grand Sessions are usually held.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down, or in any manner destroy the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises so to be erected and built, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or any of the Appurtenances there* unto belonging, such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, to such Place and in such manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to suffer such Corporal Punishment, or such other Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment or otherwise, as the Court before whom such Person or Persons is or are so tried shall think proper to order or inflict 5 and the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hereford9 artembled in their General Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized from time to time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indictments at the Artizes for the County of Hereford9 and to direct the Expences of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said County for the time being, out of the Public Stock or general County Rates of and for the said County 5 and in every such Indictment or Indictments, such Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings, Premises and Appurtenances, shall respectively be alleged, andldescribed, and deemed and taken to be the Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings, Premises and Property respectively (as the case may happen) of 1 The*Justices of the Peace for the County of Hereford9 without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Justices.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed and required from time to time to assess and raise within and upon the said County of Hereford (except the City of Hereford and the Borough of Leominster9 and the Liberties thereof respectively, or such Parts thereof

15 respect-

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C.ix. 623

respectively as have not been usually assessed to the County Rate), such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirty three thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, as shall be requisite and sufficient for purchasing, acquiring, pulling down, rebuilding, repairing and fitting up such Ground, Buildings and Premises as hereinbefore mentioned, and for effecting and carrying into full Execution the several Powers and Purposes of this Act, and discharging the several Costs, Charges and Expences incident to or attending the fame, or to be occasioned thereby, and to that End, Intent and Purpose the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed and required from time to time to cause to be levied and raised such Number of Rates as they shall think fit, of the like nature and upon the like Plan as the ordinary County Rates for the said County of Hereford, and to be called Special Special Rates.

1 Rates in the Nature of County Rates, and for that Purpose from time to time to issue their Precept or Warrant to the High Constables of the respective Hundreds or Divisions of the said County of Hereford\ except as aforesaid, notifying the Sum or Sums of Money which they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them shall have rated or assessed upon the said County of Hereford, and also notifying in each of such Warrants or Precepts, the Share or Proportion of such Sum or Sums of Money which ought to be raised or levied, upon each of the respective Hundreds in the said County, according to the ancient or usual Scale or Proportion by which the said several Hundreds in the said County have contributed, or been afiefled or rated to the County Rates raised for the said County of Hereford, and in the manner usually adopted in levying and raising the County Rates, together with the time which the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think proper to appoint for the Payment thereof (and which time it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them so to appoint), and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said respective High Constables, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue Warrants or Notices under their Hands to the respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets and other Places within their respective Hundreds or Divisions, to be delivered to such Churchwardens and Overseers respectively, or to be left at their respective Dwellings, or usual or last Places of Abode, requiring or directing them*to raise, collect!, levy and pay to such respective High Constables, within the time specified in the said Precept or Warrant which shall have been issued by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them (such time not being less than by the Laws now in force is allowed for the raising and paying of County Rates in the like case), the Sum or Sums which ought to be paid and contributed by or rated or assessed upon such respective Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precindfs, Villages, Hamlets and Places (Parochial and Extraparochial), according to the Share and Proportion by which they respectively have anciently or usually contributed or paid, or have been rated or assessed towards the County Rates raised or levied within such Hundreds respectively; which Sum or Sums such Churchwardens and Overseers are hereby required to pay to such High Constables respectively, whose Receipts shall be good and sufficient Discharges for the fame; and for delivering or leaving such Warrant or Notice as aforesaid to the respective Churchwardens and Overseers, it shall be deemed and considered to be a sufficient Service of such Warrant or Notice, if the same shall have been delivered to or left at the Dwelling or usual or last Place of Abode of One of such Churchwardens or Overseers; and the Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overseer and Overseers of every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet and Place which shall have been so rated or assessed as aforesaid, shall and may and is and are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the Sum or Sums of Money from time to time thereon so rated or assessed, by a Rate or Assessment upon the several Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Property rated or rateable to the Relief of the Poor within such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precin6l, Village, Hamlet and Place, rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the Proportions by which such respective Occupiers shall have been rated or assessed in and by the Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor within every such Parish, Town, Liberty,

Precin£, Village, Hamlet and Place respectively, which shall have been made next and immediately preceding the Date of such Precept or Warrant made and issued by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, under this Act as aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons shall (after Demand made, or Notice thereof in Writing left at his, her or their Dwelling or usual or last Place of Abode) neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so rated or assessed upon him, her or them, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, upon Complaint thereof made by any One of such Churchwardens or Overseers by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale Distress. of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default, not only in the said County of Hereford, but in any other County (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the fame in the last mentioned case being first indorsed by some Justice of the Peace for the County where any Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons shall be found), rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers neg-Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place, shall neglect, make luting to raiie Default, or refuse to pay, within the time to be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, to the High Constable of the Hundred or Division within which such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place to 1 rc s* doth lie, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been demanded or required by the said High Constable as and for the Share or Proportion payable by or from such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place, of and towards the Sum or Sums of Money rated or assessed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, as aforesaid, upon the said County at large, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, upon Complaint thereof made by any such High Constable, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to levy the same, or so much thereof as shall remain unpaid, by Distreis and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers

624

Tenants in

Country may deduct Two thirds of Rate ut of Reqts.

Rormer Acts extended to Act for raising Rate upon County,

Application of Money received.

Commissioners, &c. to audit Accounts.

Rates mort-

C. ix. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Overseers of the Poor, so neglecting, making Default or refusing as aforesaid, not only in the said County of Hereford but in any other County, City, Town, Borough, Franchise or Place (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the fame being in such last mentioned case first indorsed by some Justice of the Pe?ce for the County, or by the Mayor or other Head Officer of the City, Town, Borough or Franchise where any Goods of the respective Defaulters shall be found), rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case any such Distress and Sale shall be made, or if any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers shall pay unto any High Constable any Sum or Sums of Money, which shall have been so as aforesaid rated and assessed by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for such Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overseer and Overseers, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Purpose of re-imbursing himself and themselves all and every such Sum and Sums of Money for which such Distress shall have been taken, or which he or they shall have so paid, to raise and levy the same by a Rate or Assessment, in such and the like manner as he or they is or are hereby authorized and empowered to raise and levy any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been rated or assessed by the said Commissioners, or the Proportion thereof payable from or by the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place of which he or they shall be the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Rack Rent of any House, Land, Tithe, Tenement or Hereditament in the said County of Hereford, who shall pay any Rate or AftefT-ment to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall and may (subject to the Proviso herein after contained) dedud Two third Parts thereof out of his, her or their respective Rent or Rents, and shall be acquitted or discharged for so much Money as such Two thirds of such Rate or Assessment, or Rates or Assessments shall from time to time amount unto, as fully and effectually as if the Amount thereof had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Rent or Rents is or shall be payable, and such Person and Persons is and are hereby required to allow from time to time such Deductions upon the Receipt or Tender of the Residue of such Rent or Rents ( notwithstanding any Agreement or Covenant between any Landlord and Tenant to the contrary); but if it shall so happen that any of the said Premises shall be rated, for the Purposes of this Act, at a higher Value than the Sum paid as the Rack Rent for the fame, then and in every such case a relative Proportion of the Rate, with Reference to the Excess beyond the Amount of such Rent, shall be paid wholly i)y the Tenant,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisoes and Authorities provided or given to Justices of the Peace and others, for making, collecting and levying County Rates or otherwise, contained in and by the said several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of His said late Majesty King George the Second, shall (except as far as the same are varied or altered by this Act, or are inconsistent with the Powers and Enadments in this Act contained, or any of them) be and are hereby applied and extended to the said Commissioners the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford hereby appointed, and to all the High Constables, Overseers, Petty Constables and others, for the maxing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting and recovering and enforcing the Payment of all and every the special Rate and Rates, Assessment and Assessments to be made for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid upon the said County of Hereford, or upon any Parish, Town, Liberty, Prccind, Village, Hamlet and Place, Parochial and Extraparochial therein, and shall extend to and be good, valid and effectual for the carrying of this Act into Execution to all Intents and Purposes, and as fully and effectually as if the said Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisions and Authorities were specially repeated, inserted and enacted in and by the present Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be raised and received by the said Commissioners the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, upon and from the same County, or by any other ways and means by virtue of this Act, shall in the first Place be applied in discharging and paying all the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, with Interestfor all Monies advanced, and afterwards for the several Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall from time to time think fit and direct; and that after all such Colls, Charges and Expences, and the Expences of erecting and making the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall, Offices, and Buildings and Premises, and of all other Matters and Things by them authorized or directed to be done in and about the Execution of this Act, and all Debts incurred thereby, and all other Monies to be by them expended in pursuance of this Act, shall have been fully paid and satisfied, the Surplus of the Money (if any) raised and levied upon the said County of Hereford, or otherwise raised or received by virtue of this Act, shall, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, be paid into the Public Stock of the said County, and be deemed and taken and shall and may be paid and applied as Part of the Common Stock, to and for such Uses as the County Stock can or may be applied.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby respectively required, between the First Day of January and the First Day of July in every Year, until the Powers of this Act shall be fully performed and executed, examine, audit and settle the Accounts of Monies received and paid by them respectively from time to time, by virtue and in Execution of this Act, of or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and such Accounts shall from time to time be stated, examined and settled, and shall also, if required by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, be verified on the Oath of the Person accounting for the fame, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One of them, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer.

XXXIX. And, for the more speedily raising a Fund for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at their First or any subsequent Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon

the

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. 6.2$

the Credit of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act on tfye (hid County of Hertford, any Sum or Sums of Money, which to them or any Five or more of them shall appear necessary or expedient for the Purposes of this Act, or for carrying the fame into Execution; and for securing all and every Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered from time to time, by any Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any Five or more of them, in the Form herein after contained, to mortgage, demise, grant or assign the said Rates and Assess-xnents upon the said County of Hereford, or any Part or Parts thereof (the Charges of such Mortgages or Securities to be paid thereout), to any Person or Persons as a Security or Securities for the Money which shall be so borrowed, and the Interest thereof; and Copies of all such Mortgages, Demises, Grants or Alignments respectively, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for each of which Copies he shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence. Fee.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Form of every Mortgage to be made by virtue of this Act as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be in the Words following, or in any other Words to the like Purport or Effect; that is to say,

BY virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Form of intituled [here insert the Title of this AdT\ We the undersigned Commissioners appointed by the said Mortgage.

Act in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant, bargain, fell and demise, unto the said A.B. his Executors, t Administrators and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates and Monies to be by us raised or rated by virtue t of the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at

any time be borrowed, or become due and owing, or charged upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had

and holden from this Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

until the said Sum of with Intereii for the fame, after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum shall be repaid and satisfied. Witness our Hands the Day of in

the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Demises, Grants or Assign- Moitgageest* ments shall be made, shall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein respectively mentioned, be Creditors on be Creditors in the said Rates and Assessments so to be mortgaged as aforesaid, in equal Degree One with another, and shall e8ual Dcgrte* not have any Preference with respedi to the Priority of any such Mortgages, or of the Dates of their said respective Mortgages, but the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, as to the Mortgages made by them, shall nevertheless have full Power and Authority to direct in what Order and Course such Mortgages respectively shall be discharged.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage Mortgages or Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from time aligned, to time transfer or assign over his, her or their Right, Title and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the back of such Security, or any Writing to be annexed thereto, in the Words following, or to the like Effect:

J DO transfer this [or, the annexed] Mortgage, with all my Right or Title to the Principal Money hereby Form of Trans-€ [or, thereby] secured, and all Interest now due and to become due for the fame, to C. £>. his Executors, fer

Administrators and Assigns. Dated the Day of.A.B.9

Which Transfer or Assignment shall be produced to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the time being, Registered-who shall register and enter the fame in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages, for which he shall be paid Two Shillings and Six pence by the Person requesting the fame; and after pee# tucn Entry thereof made, and not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon $ and such Assignees may in like manner transfer and assign again from time to time (such Transfer being entered and paid for as aforesaid), and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment or Transfer of any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, to make void, release or discharge the fame, or any Money due thereon 5 and in case any such original Mortgages, Assignments or Securities shall be loft or dfc-stroyed, the Copies or Entries thereof, made as aforesaid, shall be deemed sufficient Evidence to entitle the Person or Persons to whom the Monies due thereon shall respectively belong to the Payment thereof, as fully arid effectually as if the said original Mortgages and Assignments respectively were existing; and the Clerk of the Peace, or Person in whose Custody such Copies or Entries shall happen to be, is hereby required to produce the fame for the Benefit of such Creditors respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Aggrieved by Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party Irregularity of* or Parties making the same be deemed a Trepafler or Trespassers on account of any DefeA or Want of Form Distress, to rein the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or in the Appointment of the CoIleAor or g0Vg[.0^ Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or of any other Agent or Person levying the fame, or in any other Pro- a"

ceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ah initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularities shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which he, she or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Costs in an Action of Trespass, or upon the Case.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized Recovery of to be imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon Penalties' Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Hereford\ or Plade 55 G10. III. 4 L where

6i6 C.ix. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 181S.

Application of Penalties.

Con vision of Offenders.

where the Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and in case of Nonpayment thereof forthwith by the Offender or Offenders, be levied and recovered by Dili refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered ana required to grant for such Purpose), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all such Costs and Charges shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or (Offenders to be committed to the Gaol for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Twenty Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all njch Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall befooner ^aid and satisfied; and such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines when levied (the Application whereof is not herein particularly directed) shall from time to time be paid to the Treasurer for the time being under this Act, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money arising from such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall and may be incurred or levied by virtue of this Act, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer appointed by virtue of this Act, and shall be applied and disposed of to and for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Uses or Purposes whatsoever.

XLVI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this A A, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in any other Form to the fame Effect, as the case shall happen; that is to say,

Form of Conviction.

Appeal.

Certiorari.

Perjury.

TJE it remembered, That on [Time of Conviffion] at

1 [Place of Conviction] A.B. [Name of Offender] of [Addition of Offender1 was duly convicted

before me [or, us] [Name and Style of conviSing Justice or Justices'] for that the said A.B. [Name of Offender] on [Time of committing Offence] at [Place of committing Offence] did [herefate the Offence against this Act, according to the FaS] contrary to the Form of the Statute made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [herefet forth the Title of this Act] and I [or, we] do

-'forfeited for the said Offence the

Plaintiffs not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

[Treble Costs.]

Money paid into Court.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Act, Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or the Powers hereby given, then and in every such case, he, she or they shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after any such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; and the said Justices are hereby empowered to make such Order therein as to them, or the major Part of them then and there present, shall seem meet, which Order shall be final and conclusive, arid not removeable by Certiorari or other wise.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Examination, Return or Proceeding is herein directed to be taken, made or done upon Oath, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any One or more of the said Commissioners, or of the Members of the Committee or Committees, or of the Person or Persons (being respectively a Justice or Justices of the Peace) before whom such Examination, Return or Proceeding is directed to be taken, made or done, to administer such Oath; and that all and every Person and Persons who, upon any Oath to be taken by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly swear falsely or take a false Oath, and all and every Person or Persons who in any Examination taken by virtue or under the Authority of this Act shall give false Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, shall and may be respectively prosecuted for the fame respectively, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifi-cations as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Fourteen Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any time after the Action brought and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the time of such last mentioned Tender, but shall pay Treble Costs, to be recovered in the same manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other case by Law; or iu case no Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think, fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders and Judgment shall be had, made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

16 L. And

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. fisc. 627

L. And be it further enacted, That no* Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Limitation of Persons, for any thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, until after Twenty one Days Notice of an In- Action*. tendon of bringing such Action shall have been given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons against whom such Action is intended to be brought, thereby setting forth the particular Cause of such Action, or after Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fa A or Cause of Action shall have arisen, and every such Action shall be brought, laid and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in such Actions shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this A A and Genvrtl UTuc. the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be tried thereupon, and that the A A complained of, or the Subject Matter of such Action, was done by virtue and under the Authority of this A A; and if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action was brought before the Expiration of such Twenty one Days next after such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender Tender of of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the End of Three Calendar Months Amend* next after the Fa A or Cause of such Action shall have arisen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid; then and in every of the said cases, the Jury on the Trial of such Action or Actions shall find a Verdi A for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all cases where a Verdi A shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action mall have Treble Costs, and shall have such and the like Trebls Cod* Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering his, her or their Costs in any other case by Law.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be Public A A. judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

TENEMENTS.

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

No.i. A Messuage and Public House, called The Catherine" Wheel, with all the Houses, Outhouses, Buildings, Yards, Stables and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate in Saint Owen's Street and Gaol Lane, having Saint Owen's Street on the East and South, Gaol Lane on the West, and Saint Peter's Church on the North and East Parts thereof -

No.2. A Messuage situate in Saint Owen's Street, having the said" Street on the South, a Messuage in the Occupation of John Aston on the East, and the Ground belonging to the Old Gaol on the North Sides thereof, with the Yard, Outbuildings and Appurtenances No. 3. A Messuage situate in Gaol Lane, having the said Lane on the South West, the Land belonging to the Old Gaol on the North, a House called The Flower Pot on the North West, and No. 4., next mentioned, on the East Sides thereof, with the Yard, Outbuildings and Appurtenances ... - j

No.4. So much of a Skittle Ground or Garden as lies behind, " and of the fame Breadth as the Messuage and Premises No. 3., having the fame Premises on the West, the Ground belonging to the Old Gaol on the South, the Residue of the said Skittle Ground or Garden on the North, and No«5>, next mentioned, on the East Sides thereof.

No.5. So much of a Garden as lies behind, and of the fame preadth as the Messuage and Premises No.3., having the Residue of the said Garden on the North, the Ground belonging to the Old Gaol on the South and East, and the said Skittle Ground and Garden, No. a., on the West Sides thereof -

No.6. A Messuage situated in Bye Street, having the said Street" on the South, a Messuage in the Occupation of Mr. John Thackway on the West, a Messuage in the Occupation of William Symond3 Esquire, and a Street or Lane called Gomond's Lane, on the East, and certain Stables, Outhouses and Buildings, belonging to the said William Symonds and Joseph Woodhouse, and J. T. Wood-house on the North Sides thereof, with the Stable, Coach House, Garden, Outbuildings and Appurtenances

James Allen.

John Aston.

John Aston.

John Aston.

John Aston.

Jos. Woodhouse and

J.T.Woodhouse

I

James AUen and

Jas. Bosworth.

C Late in the J Occupation of I Miss Powell, t but now void.

William Bruton.

Win. Morgan.

James Hill.

Joseph

Woodhouse.

All which Premises are situate in the Parish of Saint Peter, in the City of Hereford.

4L 2

Cap.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Cap. x*

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Stanhope, by Edmondbyers, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near Greenhead, in the Parish of Shot ley, in the County of Northumberland. (£) [23d March 1815.]

Cap

xi.

54 G. 3. c. 128. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick, fc) [23d March 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xii.

43 G. 3. c cxxii. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in repealed. Repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge, (b) [23d March 1815.]

[Additional Tolls {in certain cases) on Sunday.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from ?jElland Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, to join the Dewsbury and Elland Turnpike Road, at or near to a certain Obelisk belonging to Sir George Armytage Baronet, in the Parish of Dewsbury, all in the West Riding of the County of York. (b)

-2zd

[Double Tolls on Sunday.

[23d March 1815.]

*9 G. 3. c. 107 in part and 39 & 40G. 3. r. xix. wholly repealed.

32 G. a. c. 37. ao G. 3. c. 7a. 41 G. 3.(U.K.) c. xci.

Cap. xiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Hajlingden, through New Church and Bacub, to Todmorden, and for making and maintaining several Branches therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. xv.

33 G. 3. c. 182. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Odibam to Alton, in the County of Southampton. (b) [23d March 1815.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Additional Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, (a) [23d March 1815.*]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday. See Mistake, as

to Tolls, redified, post. c. lxxxviii.]

Cap. xvii.

33 g. 3. c. 185. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Roxburgh, and repealed. other Roads connected therewith, leading into the Counties of Berwick, Northumberland and Durham. (b)

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. xviii.

51 G. 3. e. cxcix. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, in the County of Kent.

[2d May 1815.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls {in certain cases) on Sunday.

Cap. xix.

3 G. 3. c. 45. An Act to continue the Term and alter and amend the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for 23 G. 3. c. xok. repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the

45 G. 3. c.lxxx. County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and also to make a new Road from Burslem aforesaid to Cobridge, and a Branch therefrom to Burslem Church; (£) [2d May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xx.

Si G.3. c cxxvi. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging and improving the Parish Church of Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxi.

31 G. 3. c. 74. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for building a new Church at Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York* [2d May 1815.]

Cap.

A.D. 1815.

CxXII — Xxxiii

55° GEORGII III.

629

Cat. xxii.

An Act to light, watch, pave, cleanse and improve the Streets, Highways and Places within the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to provide Fire Engines and Firemen for the Protection of the said Borough.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to alter, extend and amend the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His 10 G.o. c. 6. late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better paving, lighting and watching the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts.

[2d May 1815.] asto rewiring

[Tolls to be taken on Sunday, and during the Salisbury Races.] the Footways

repealed.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Aberga- 34 G. 3, c. 106. venny, in the County of Monmouth.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for improving certain Plots of Ground belonging 41 G. 3. c.cxxxi. to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton, and other Persons, in the Parish of Saint ^exxm. Pancras, in the County of Middlesex.

[2d May 1815 ]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, 33 G.3.0.92* cleaning and improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and removing and preventing 37 G. 3. 0.44. Encroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for Watching the said Town.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for dividing, inclosing and felling the Waste Lands, and Lammas and other Commonable Rights, 46 G. 3. c.xlii. in the City and County of the City of Lichfield; to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, deanfing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places, within the City of Lichfield, and the Suburbs thereof; and for better supplying the said City with Water.

[2d May 1815.]

[See pofi. c. xxix.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for building a Market House in the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness9 in the County of Devon; and for better paving, lighting, widening and improving the Streets and other Public Places within the said Borough.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act to rebuild the Bridge in Bird Street, otherwise Bridge Street, in the City of Lichfield.

[2d May 1815.]

[For 21 Years, &c. unless 2, 500l. borrowedfooner paid off. See ante, c. xxvii.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for rebuilding Tempsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

[2d May 1815.]

[Tolls granted to continue for 21 Years from Commencement to receive the same, unless Half of Expence of building Bridge and obtaining Ad, and Half of Money borrowed with Interefi, and of Annuities to be granted, sooner paid, and on Payment offame or on Expiration of said Term, which shall first happen, Tolls to ccafe.-\

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 47 G. 3. SeflT. 2. erecting a County Hall and other Offices for the County of Perth. -[2d May 1815.] c*iv*

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near Mytholm Royd Bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York, to communicate with the Road at or near the Sixth Milestone from Rocb dale, in the County of Lancaster. (a) [2d May 1815.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. xxxiii*

An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing 34 G. 3. c. 130. the Road leading from the Cow Cawfey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, repealed, and from thence to Buciton Burn, in the County of Northumberland. (a) [2d May 1815.]

Cap.

630 C. xxxiv — xliv. 55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Cap. xxxiv.

3.1 G. 3. c. 129. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the repealed. Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton and Ptrtb. (b) [2d Afjy 1815.]

Ctf/. XXXV.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Royflon, in the County of jHertford, to Wandesford Bridge, and from the Town of Huntingdon to Somersham in the County of Huntingdon, so far as respects the Middle Division and separate District of the said Roads.

[2d May 1815.]

[For Twenty one Tears, fcfr. Provided that upon Roads being sufficiently amended and Money borrowed paid, Tolls, Duties, to cease.]

9 Ann. Vol. hr.

P-95*

11 Ann. 5tat. 2.

Vol. iv. p. 253.

13 G. 1. c. 32.

14 G. 2. c. 13.

5 G. 3. c. 77.

30 G. 3. c. 89. repealed so far as respects the Middle DiviGou and separate District.

8 G.2.C. 7.

27 G. 2* c. 37.

G. 3. c. 90.

35 G. 3. c. 160.

26 G. 2. c. 52. 19 G. 3. c. 108. repealed, and 39 & 40 G. 3. e. xxii. repealed, except as to such Parts as relate to the widening,

11 G. 3. c. 73. 33 G. 3. C. 137.

33 G 3. c. na. 35 G. 3. c. 72. 39 G. 3. c. lx. 49 G. 3. c. alii

*G. 3- c. 38. 9G. 3. c. 53. a3 G. 3. c. 92.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Halifax and Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York. (b) [2d May 1815.]

[ Additional TruJleesJ\

Cap.

XXXVII.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Heron Syke to Kirkby in Kendal, and from thence through Shop, to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Westmorland; and for making a new Road- from the said Road, at a Place called Far Croft Bank, near Kirkby in Kendal, to communicate with the intended Canal from Lancaster to Kirkby in Kendal, and to join the said Road at or near a Place called the Lound, near Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid. (a) [2d May 1815.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

&c. Road from Heron Syke to Eamont Bridge.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill to the Cross in Clanfeld, in the County of Oxford, (b)

[2d May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to amend federal Acts of His present Majesty, for making the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for establishing a Navigable Communication between the Birmingham Canal Navigations and the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, and amending certain Acts passed relative thereto.

[12th May 1815.]

24 G. 3. Self. 2. c. 4. 34 G. 3.C. 87. 46 G. 3. c.xcii. 51 G. 3. c.cr. 31 G. 3. c. 59.

Cap. xli.

49 G. 3. c.xxiii. An Act for enabling the Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of*Money for the Completion of their Works.

[12th May 1815.]

# [15, 000l.]

Cap. xlii.

49 G. 3. c. cxxi. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, and other Purposes; to provide for the Expence of the Prosecution of Felons in certain Cases; and to establish a Police and Nightly Watch in the Town, Borough and Neighbourhood of Leeds aforesaid.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for paving the Foot Ways and Cross Paths, and lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places, in the Borough or Town of Andevor, in the County of Southampton.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Thomas, in the Town of Dudley in the County of Worcester.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap.

A.D. 181j.

C.xlv

631

55° GEORGII III.

Cap. xlv.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry to provide a proper Place for the depositing and preferring the Public Records of the said County, together with a Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, for the fate Custody of such Records, and convenient Offices for transacting his Business 5 and also to settle a Table of Fees to be taken by such Clerk of the Peace.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS the Rolls and other Public Records of the County of Surry are become very voluminous, not only from the Increase of Business of the Court of Quarter Session, but from the Office of the Clerk of the Peace having become, under the Provisions of several Acts of Parliament and the Standing Orders of the House of Commons, the Depository of a great Variety of Public Documents s*And Whereas the Consequences of the Destruction of the Public Records of the said County would expose the County at large, and also Parishes and Individuals, to the greatest Injury, by the Destruction of Evidence*affecting their Rights, Interests and Estates: And Whereas at the General Quarter Session of the Peace holden m and for the County of Surry, the Justices of the Peace then and there assembled did deem it expedient to provide a proper Place for depositing and preserving the Public Records of the said County,

together with a Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, for the safe Custody, and more easy Access to*such Records, and convenient Offices for transacting his Business: And Whereas it is necessary for the effecting of these Purposesthat the Justices of the Peace for the said County should be enabled to Purchase a House or Houses, or Piece or Parcel of Land, and to erect on such Piece or Parcel of Land a Record*Room, and Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, for the safe Custody of the said Records, together with necessary Offices for transacting the Business of such Clerk of the Peace May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may Justices of be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surry, at the General Quarter Session of Peace atQuar-the Peace, to contract and agree, or by the Order of such General Quarter Session, to authorize any Three Session* may Justices of the Peace to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, for the p[^ fonde-"* Purchase of any House or Houses, Piece or Parcel of Land within the said County, and to erect and build pofiting Reeordi, thereupon a Record Room, Residence and Offices for the Clerk of the Peace, or to enlarge, alter, fit up and and House for repair any such Building or Buildings, and by the Order of such General Quarter Session to direct the Clerk of Peace. Removal of the Records of the said County to such Building or Buildings, at such time as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Costs and Charges of such Contrafts and Purchases, and also of such Erections and Buildings, and of the enlarging, altering and fitting up thereof respectively, and of any future enlarging, altering or repairing thereof respectively, when the same shall appear to the said Justices from time to time assembled as aforesaid, to be necessary, shall and may be defrayed out of the Rates to be raised upon the said County.

II. And be it further enacted, That if in any case the Owner or Owners of any Houses, Messuages, Justices empow-Tenements, Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments, Part only of which Premises shall at any time be required by ered to purchase the said Justices to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, shall be unwilling to sell or dispose of such Part tb* whole of only of the Houses, Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments belonging to the said Owner or Owners, as shall be and*

required by the said Justices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices to purchase of and from thereof, the said Owner or Owners the Whole of the Houses, Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments of the said Owner or Owners, and to apply so much or such Part thereof as they shall see fit to the Purposes of this Act, and to fell the remaining Part of such Premises, and to apply the Produce thereof to the Purposes of this Act, or to pay the same to the Treasurer of the said County, to be added to the Rates thereof, and applied as Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Sales to be made pursuant to the Provision lastly Clerks of Peace hereinbefore contained, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the said by order of County pursuant and in Obedience to any Order for that Purpose of the Justices thereof, assembled at any

previous General Quarter Session, by Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by such Clerk of the Peace, 0 to grant, bargain and fell the Hereditaments concerning which such Order shall be made as aforesaid, in Fee as shall be expressed in such Order, and for such Security as shall be therein expressed; and the Receipt of the Treasurer for the time being of the said County shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Hereditaments respectively, from so much of the Purchase Monies payable by him, her or them respectively, pursuant to any such Order of Session, as shall in every such Receipt be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Nonapplication, of such Monies, or any Parts thereof respectively.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any House shall be purchased or erected under Clerk of Peace the Provisions of this Act, as a Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, such Clerk of the Peace, or his Depnty, to reside. shall reside in such House, to take care of and preserve the Records of the said County, and to exhibit the same to such Persons as may have occasion to search the fame; and such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall not absent himself from such Residence for more than Eighty four Days in any one Year, over and above such Days as such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall be attending the Quarter Session of the said County, or shall be otherwise employed in the Execution of his said Office, without a sufficient Cause to be allowed by the said Justices assembled in Quarter Session.

632

Justices may sue and be sued in Name of Clerk of Peace.

[Proviso.]

Mode of raising Money to pay Expences under Ad regulated.

Accounts of Monies, fee. to be kept.

C.xlv. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Surry for the time being shall and may sue and be sued in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, for or in respect of any Claim, Con trad, or other Matter or Thing made or done, or to be made or done by them or any of them, under the Authority of this Act, or for or in respect of or concerning any Nuisance, Encroachment or Trespass made, done or committed, or hereafter to be had, made, done or committed by any Person or Persons whomsoever, in or upon the Houses, Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, to be purchased pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof respectively, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the time being; and in commencing, prosecuting, carrying on and defending any such Suits or Actions, the said Houses, Buildings and Hereditaments shall be deemed and considered in Law to be, and shall be described to be in the Possession of the said Justices for the time being, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no such Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Justices or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or for any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the time being, done or omitted to be done, without the Consent of the said Justices of the Peace for the time being; but that such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the time being, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in all such Suits or Actions (as the case may be); and that in all and every such Action and Suit, Actions and Suits, to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be deemed imeompetent, to give Evidence by reason of his, her or their paying or contributing to pay, or being liable to pay or contribute, towards the Public Stock of the said County, or by reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pajr any of the Rates within the same County: Provided always, that every such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the time being shall from time to time forthwith, by Order of the said Justices, or the major Part of them in Session assembled, be re-imbursed and paid by the Treasurer of the said County, out of the Stock and Money to be raised by the Rates of the same County, the full Costs, Damages and Expences bona jide expended or incurred for or by reason of liis being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VI. And Whereas the Expences of purchasing the said Piece or Parcel of Land and Houses, and of building the said Record Room, Residence and Offices pursuant to this Act, may become very burthensome to the Occupiers of Land and other the Contributors to the Rates of the said County, in case the said Expences should be raised in the manner hereinbefore mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That where it shall appear that the Amount of any Estimate approved by the Justices assembled at any general Quarter Session, for the purchasing, building and fitting up any House or Buildings, under the Powers of this Adk, shall exceed One Half of the Amount of the ordinary Annual Assessment for the County Rate for the said County (such ordinary Assessment to be taken on a mean Proportion of the said Rate for the last three Years preceding), that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the said County, so assembled in their Quarter Session as aforesaid, if they shall think fit, from time to time to borrow and take up on Mortgage of the Rates herein mentioned, by Instruments in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or to that or the like Effect, any Sums, not less than One hundred Pounds each, at legal or lower Interest, as to them or the major Part of them (such major Part nqt being less than Five) as shall appear necessary and expedient for the Purposes aforesaid; and to secure all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates to be raised upon the said County 5 and the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorized to treat and agree with any Person or Persons for the Loan of any such Sum or Sums of Money, and by their Order to confirm and establish every such Agreement as aforesaid; and every such Agreement so established by such Order, and signed by the Chairman and Two or more Justices present at the time of making such Order, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be effectual for securing to the Person or Persons so advancing any Sum or Sums of Money, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, on such Terms as in and by such Agreement or Agreements respectively shall be for that Purpose stipulated; and Copies or Extradks of all such Agreements or Securities shall be kept with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered (by indorsing his, her or their Name or Names on the Back of such Security or Securities) to transfer and assign the fame, and his, her or their Right to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, unto any Person or Persons 5 and every such Assignee may in like manner transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and the Person or Persons to whom such Security or Securities or any such Assignment thereof shall be made, and his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be Creditors upon the said Rates in an equal Degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with respedk to the Priority of any Monies so advanced; subject and without Prejudice nevertheless to any Security or Securities which may have been made or granted of or upon such Rates, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed previous to the passing of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall and they are hereby authorized and required, not only to charge the Rates to be raised upon the said County of Surry, with the Interest of the Money To borrowed on such Securities, but also with the Payment of a further Sum, equal to the Interest of the Principal Sum so charged; which said Sums shall be assessed on the said County in such manner as County Rates are directed to be assessed by the Laws now in being, and paid and applied under the Direction of the said Justices, in Discharge of the Interest, and of so many of the Principal Sums on the said Securities, as such Money will extend to discharge in each Year until the whole of the Money for which such Securities shall be made, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said Justices are required

12 t«

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII II/. lv. 633

to fix One or more Day or Diys in each Year on which such Payment shall be made, and shall make Orders for Assessments, in due time, so as to provide for the regular Payment thereof and they are hereby required to -direct the Treasurer of the Public Stock of the said County, for the time being, to keep an exact and regular Account of the Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this Act, in a Book or Books, separate and apart from all other Accounts, and the same to settle and adjust in such manner, that it $ay easily seen what Interest is growing due, and what Principal Money has been discharged and what remains due and the said Book or Books (o adjusted and settled to deliver into Court at every General or Quarter Session to be held for the said County; and the said Justices are required at every such Sessioni, carefully to inspect all such Accounts, and make Orders for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into ExecutipQ, iq such manner as to them shall seem meet; and if at any time it shall appear to the said Justices that the said Treasurer has neglected the said Order, and has not duly and without Delay applied the Money in hi' Hands, to the Purposes hereby directed, such Treasurer shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money which shaft Pen«1ry. not have been applied to the Purposes of this Act, such Penalties to be added to the Stock or Rates of the said County, and to be sued for by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the time being and the said Justices so assembled iq Session as aforesaid shall direct in what Order such Securities Audi be discharged, by drawing Lots or otherwise as they shall think fit, first. di (charging all Securities which shall bear the highest Interest.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace in their Quarter Time for I»ay-Session shall and they are hereby required to make Provisions by means of the Rates (which they are ment of Money hereby authorized to make) and by their Orders and Directions (which they are hereby authorized j^rrowed

to give) in such manner that the whole Money to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act shall 'raited* be fully paid and discharged within a time to be limited, not exceeding Ten Years from the time of borrowing the same.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That qo Justice of the Peace, who shall, under the Justices not con-Authority of this Act, do any Matter or Thing in the Execution hereof, shall be capable of having any cemed in Cou-beneficial Interest or Concern whatsoever either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person in

Tnift for him, in any Contract or Agreement to be made under the Authority of this A$» oy shall for $nJ Design or Plan he may deliver or produce, receive any Benefit or Emolument whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be Recovery of recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty?* Courts of Record at Penalties. Wefimtnfier % wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protestiou, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall belong to the said Treasurer of the said County, and shall be added to and be deemed and applied as Part of the Rates or Stock thereof for the Year wherein the same shall be recovered or levied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Limitation of Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought Actions.

or commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewherp; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act General tdue. and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and that if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit mall be brought after the time before limited for byipging the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in such case the Jury shaft had for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become noofuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cpfts, and shaft have such remedy for TreMe Cats, the same as any Defendant hath for Cods of Spit in any other cafps by Law.

1 XIL And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Justices of the Peace, in their respective Quarter Session3, have Authority to settle, alter or vary the Fees of the Clerks of the Peace of their respective Counties, as they are empowered to do with respect to the Fees of the Clerks of Justices of the Peace,

4 by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, a6Q, % c. 14.

intituled An Act for tbf settling and qfcprta, ining the Feet to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace

Now, for the removing of such Doubts, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Justices of Pe*ce

the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Surry, at their General Quarter Session of the Peace, to make to settle

and settle a Table of Fees, to be taken by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the time being, in by the like manner as they are authorized to do with respect to the Fees to be taken by the Clerks to Justices of clerkof Peact*

the Peace; and such Fees, when ipade, shall be subject to the Approbation of the Justices of the Peqte art

the then next focceeding Quarter Session, and shaft be laid before the Judges of Assize, to be by them

ratified and confirmed in the like manner as is required by the said Act made in the Twenty sixth Year afore- 26 G. 1. c. 14.

said, with respect to the Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks to Justices of the Peace 5 and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act contained, shall be applied and

extended to this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges and Expences incident to or attending the ob* Erpencestf

taining this Act, shall be paid out of the Public Stock of the said County of Surry. Act.

[Public Act.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act $ and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others witfiouj being specially pleaded*

55 Geo. III. 4 M The

634 C.xlv — liii.

55°' GEORGII III.

A.D;

*8 G. 2. c. 28. 10 Q. 3. c. 84.

39* 4° G. 3.

c. cxii. repealed.

The SCHEDULE hereinbefore referred to.

FORM of Mortgage and Charge upon the County Rates, for securing the Money borrowed*

XX^E, of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and Chairman of the Court of

Quarter Session for the County of Surry, holden at the

Day of other of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace acting for the said County, and assembled in the said Court, in pursuance of the Powers to us given by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act] do hereby, in open Court, mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raised within the said County, under the Description of County Rates by the Laws now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of which of hath

proposed and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid, towards defraying the Expences of purchasing, building, &c. [as the cafeshall be] the for the said County, See. 5

and we do hereby confirm and establish the fame unto the said his Executors, Administra-

tors and Alligns, for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of and Interest

for the fame after the Rate of per Centum per Annum; and do order the Treasurer for the said County to pay the Interest of the said Sum of Half yearly, as the fame

shall become due, until the Principal shall be discharged, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

Cap. xlvi.

An Act to enable The Union Society for effecting Insurance from Fire, and The Union Life Office foreffecting Infuj*ance$ on Lives and Survivorships, and for granting and purchasing Annuities, to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary for the Time being.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Public Road from or near Killiganoon Corner, in the Parish of Feoch, in the County of Cornwall, to the Village of Flushing, in the Parish of Mylor, in the same County.

[12th May 1815.]

[" The Truro and Flushing Road Company" incorporated. One Half additional Toll on Sunday.']

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surry, through the Borough of Reigate, by. Sidlow Mill to Povey Croft, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County, (b)

[12th May 1815.]

[The lool. per annum, to be paid by Trustees of 42 G. 3. c. lxxvi. to the Trustees of 10 G. 3. c. 84. to be paid to Trustees of this Act. The 200l. per annum, to be paid by Trustees of 47 G. 3. Sefs. I. c. xxv. to the Trustees of repealed Acts> to be paid to Trustees of this Act. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xlix.

\ Qia Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Jesus Lane, in the Town of Cambridge to NeWmarkct

33 G. 3. c. 156.*Heath, in the County of Cambridge. (a) [12th May'\815.3

repealed as to f See 53 G. 3. c. xli.

Road from Cambridge to Newmaiket Heath.

Cap. 1. '

Vi' An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to° "n' °'lV' the Thirteen Mile Stone, near Gannick Corner, in the Parish of South Mims, in the said County. (0)

7 0.1. Sum.' [12th May 1815.]

c. 18.9G. a. c. 39* 3 G 3- c. 37- 18 G. 3. c. 84* repealed.

Cap. li.

a6 G 2. c»8j.for amending the Road from Keighley to Bradford, and for making 'and maintaining a'Branch there-

to from, all in the West Riding of the County of York. (b) [12th May 1815.]

Ro*d from Keighley, through B'uigley, to Bradford and 35 G. 3. c. 151. wholly repealed.

33 O a. c. <9. 21 CJ.3. c. 86. 41 G 3. (U K'O c. x.

Cap. lii. >.> r.i > -

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts for repairing fevered Roads in the Comities of Devon and Cornwall, leading to the Borough of Launccfon. (a) v - '*lV [12th May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday*]

4* Cap. liii. '* fJv

J3 G. 3. C. 133. An Act to continue and amend an Act of His present Majest^or opening, ani.making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyfon, in the Parish of !Lanvabon, to thp Confines of the Parish of Tfradyvoduck near Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan*, (c)^ - [12th May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Extra Toll on Waggons, &c. carrying Timber between if Nov* and if March % Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap.

GEORGII D III.

C.liv — 4aiiii. 635

Cap? liv.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty,/or repairing the^Rpais ff-qnr Utfoxeter 33'to Stoke near Stone, and from Miuwich to Sandon9 in the County oI Stafford. (b) [12th May 18J5.3

EAdditional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted* Double Tolls on Sunday.']

- Cap. It.*

An Act for leaking and maintaining a Narigable Canal from the River Derwent at East Cottingwith, in the' East Riding of the County of York, to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of York to the Town of Kingston upon Hull9 at a certain Place there called Street Bridge, in the Township of Pocklington9 in the said Riding.^[25th May 18x5.3

t" The Pocklington Canal[ Company" incorporated. 3290001, and if necessary 10, 0001, additional.]

.: r*Cap. lvi.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erect- 53 ing and maintaining a New Gaol for the County and City of Perth; and for other Purposifrs relating thereto.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for enlarging the Churchyard and providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Helen in Abingdon9 in the County of Berks [25 th May 1815.]

Cap. lviii. 1

An Act for paving or gravelling, watching and lighting certain Places situate on the West Side of the Turnpike Road in Kentish Town, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. lix.

An Act to repeal an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield; and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly flood to the Market Place in Enfield; and from Newington Green tp Bush Hill; and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; and to provide for more effectually repairing the said Roads, and for lighting, watching and watering several Parts thereof, (n)

[25th May 1815.]

lighting, See. Stoke Newington which by the foul Act is enacted to be perpetual, end is declared by this A<&

G.3. c. 131.

- i

G. 3. c. cxvtif I

19 G. 3. c. 96. repealed, except as relates to repealing Alls thereby repealed. Frovifojbr 14 G. 3. c. 116. ss relates to not to be repealed.

\ Cap. lx.

An Act for repealing an Act of His present Majesty, for the Repair of several Roads in the Counties of 39 &4°G J.

Somerset, Devon and Dorset, leading to the Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset; and for making* to Rwd*and repairing a Road from Chard to the Honiton Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Upottery, in the County from Hafltbo-of Devon, and for more effectually repairing the Residue of the Roads comprized in the said Act. (£) > rough Bridge,

[25th May 1815.] through Crewit-

lOneHalf Additional Toll between Nov. and left Day of Feb. on Timber or Tree*.]'rf"*'

Lsne to Axminlter; and from Chard to Honiton Road in Cheeseway Ash; and from Whitedown, throurh Perry Street, to Tytherleigh ln»; and from Chard to Street Alh Lane; and (rom Parish of Combe Saint Nichplas through Parishes of Butkland Saint Mary, Bickftnhall, Curlandnd Staple bitspaiae , ton Road at Staph Pound; being Roads in Second Dillrilt. j'

Cap. lxi.

1 Cap. lxii.

An Act for enlarjpng the Term and Powers of Four Act a of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from FiJbrrton9 Wilton9 Heytejbury, and other Places in the County of Wilts; and for diverting the Line of Part of the said Roads, (b) [25th May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

1 G. 3. c. 37.

2 G. 3.C. 51. 20 G. 3. c. 82. 41 G- 3*(U.K.) c. seals.

Cap. Ixiii. 1

An Act for continuing^he Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, 34 xa*

for repairing the Roads from Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknally to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, and certain Ro&ds therein mentioned; and to make and maintain other Roads to communicate therewith. (e) [t$\\i May 1815.]

j [Additional Trusteet. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.],

: , M' 2..... ' Cap.

C. bay.

55° GEORGII III. A.D. 18ij.

j* G.J. c. 43.

46 G. 3. c. ia8.

46O.3. c. 119. 49 G. 3. c. Uix.

50 G. 3, c. clxiv.

c G. 3. c. clxiv. b t*

53 <5* 3- c.J4.

§S.

lx tv.

An Act for making farther Provision for the Secretary and Usher to the Vice Chancellor of England* and for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and for providing additional Clerks for the said Office. [yth June 1815.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled /In A3 to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors, Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Inter ft towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General; and for building Offices for the Mqfiers in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatifs; and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the fold Court* and the Records and Proceedings of the Cmnmiffiorttrs of Bankrupts and Lunatics* and of the Severe! Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been, by virtue of the several Orders of the said Court made for that Purpose, taken out of the Common and General Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England* and have been placed oat in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court on Government or Parliamentary Securities, have been, in purfosnee of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account, entitled " An Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court u of Chancery, " and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several AS* of Parliament, the several annual Sums and Salaries and the Several other Payments thereby directed to be made by Two several AS* of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, one of them intituled An Act for making Provision for such Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be desirous of resigning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court; and the other of such Acts, intituled An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respe3 of the said Office; and by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Provision for such of the Sub Registrars or Deputy Regi/lrars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be affiided with permanent Dsfabihty* and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the Paid Registrars* for the Clerks in the Regifirar's Office* for the Mailer of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court; and for making other Payments and Regulations in respect of the said Offices; and by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, - intituled An Act for building certain Offices for the Examiners* Cursitors* Clerk of The Crown, and Clerks of the Petty Bag of the High Court of Chancery; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner's Office of the said Court; and for making Provision for such of the Examiners* Deputy Examiners and Clerks* as from Length of Service or from Age or Infirmity* are or shall be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Offices; and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Court; and for making other Payments in respect of the said Offices; have been from time to time made and paid, and the Surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from time to time in pursuance of the said first and last mentioned Acts laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, entitled u Account of " Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed M out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas by the said last mentioned Act, it was, among other things, enacted, that out of the Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which then lay or which should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England* a Sum not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds should and might, by virtue of an Oriler or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from time to time be placed out in One entire Sum or in Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government and Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Orders should be directed, to the Intent that the Interest and Annual Produce arising from the Money so to be placed out might be applied for the Purposes thereinafter mentioned, and that ill such Government or Parliamentary Security or Securities when purchased should be carried to the said Account, entitled " Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and " better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas under and by virtue of another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice, after making certain Provisions for an additional Judge to be Assistant to the Lord High Chancellor in the said Court of Chancery, to be called the Vice Chancellor of England, and certain Rules and Regulations respecting the said Office, it was, amongst other things, further enacted, That out of the Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which then lay or which should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a further Sum not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds should and might by virtue of any further Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, be m tike manner placed out on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Orders should be directed, and the Interest and annual Produce thereof applied for the Purposes by the said

1 / Act

A.D. 18j5*

55° GEORGII III.

CVlxiv. 6jy

ii G. a. c 14.

4 O.3. c. 3*.

9 G. 3. c. 19.

3a G. 3. c. 4a. 46 G. 3. c. 119.

Orders of Court of Chancery.

Act directed, and that all such Government or Parliamentary Security or Securities, when purchased, should be carried to the said Account, entitled " Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security 4 44 of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and it was thereby further enabled, that out of the

Dividends and Interest thereof, and of the other Government or Parliamentary Securities in the said Act

mentioned, there should (amongst other Payments thereby directed) be paid the several Salaries thereinafter mentioned; that is to say, to the Secretary to the said Vice Chancellor of England, the Net yearly Sum of

Two hundred Pounds, and to the Usher to the said Vice Chancellor the Net yearly Sum of Eighty Pounds;

and that such Officers respectively should not take or receive or demand any Fee or Reward whatsoever, over and above the Salaries thereby directed to be paid to them respectively, for or in respect of any Business which should be done by them by virtue of the Powers and Authorities given to them by the said Act: And Whereas under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon proper Securities any Monies not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Inter ejl arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the saul Court; and by another Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon proper Securities a further Sum of Moneys not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Courty and for applying the Interjl arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court; and by another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon Government Securities a further Sum of Money y 4 not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and to apply the Intcrejl arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court; and by the above mentioned Acts of the Thirty second and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the several Orders of the High Court of Chancery made in pursuance of the said several Acts, the present Clerks in the Office of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery have and receive out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, entitled Account of Monies placed out for 4 44 the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, entitled " Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of 4 44 Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, "

the several Payments and Sums herein after mentioned; namely, the First Clerk the yearly Sum of Five hundred Pounds; the Second Clerk the yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds; the Third Clerk the yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds; the Fourth Clerk the yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds; the Fifth Clerk the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; the Sixth Clerk the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds;

the Seventh Clerk the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; the Eighth Clerk the yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds; the Ninth Clerk the yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds; the Tenth Clerk the yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds; and the Eleventh Clerk the yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds: And Whereas under and by virtue of another Act, passed in the Fifty 5* G. 3. c.iu\ 4 second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making further Provision for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, after a certain Length of Service9 it 5 4 was, amongst other things, enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Br\tainy or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners fgr the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made from time to time on a Petition presented to him or them for that Purpose by the Accountant General, or any of the Clerks 4 m his said Office, to order such an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money to be paid to any Clerk who should have acted in the Capacity of Clerk in the said Office for Thirty Years, or who, having acted in the Capacity of Clerk for the Space of Fifteen Years, should be rendered incapable of performing the Duties of a Clerk in the said Office through permanent Illness or Infirmity, as the said Lord High Chancellor,

Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners should think fit and fee Occasion, not exceeding the yearly Salary payable to such Clerk at the time of making such Application, the same to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends arising from Securities purchased or to be purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts, or any of them; in which Order or Orders the Cause or Ground of making the same should be distinctly 4 (fated and specified, and the Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in such Order or Orders should be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the Interest and Dividends of the said' Government or Parliamentary Securities (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and other Sums of Money which by the several Acts thereinbefore mentioned or referred to,

4 or any other Act theretofore made and parted, are directed and authorized to be paid thereout) Quarterly,

4 as therein mentioned, to the Clerk named in such Order, for and during the Term of his natural Life: And Whereas the Business of the said Office of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery hath of late Years greatly increased, and is still increasing, and the present Establishment of Clerks in the said Office is inadequate to transact the Business thereof with such Accuracy and Dispatch as is neccrtary for the Public Service; and many of the Clerks in the said Office have been very many Years employed therein, and their present Salaries are not a sufficient Compensation for their Length of Service, considering the Nature and Importance of it, and the Attendance, Qualifications and Responsibffity necessary to enable them to fulfil the Duties of it with Advantage to the Public; And Whereas

the

638 C.lxiv. 55° GEORGII III.

22 G. 3. ct 4 %

-Additional

Salaries.

Salaries to Four additional Clerks in Accountant General's Office.

Further additional Clerks.

Further Sum to

Accountant

General

Three more Clerks appointed to Accountant General's Office.

Clerks removed.

Expences of Act.

Surplus Money placed out to Government Securities.

32 G. 3. c. 42. §1*

Securlres

thanked.

the Salaries so as aforesaid provided to the Secretary and Usher to the said Vice Chancellor of England are not an adequate Compensation to Persons properly qualified to fulfil the Duties of the said Offices, and for their Attendance and Trouble therein; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Interest; and Dividends ariiinrg from Securities purchased iu pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the several other Acts therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, and carried to the said Account entitled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " and idfo out of the Interest and Dividends of Securities purchased and to be purchased with the Surplus Interest in pursuance of the said Acts or any of them, or in pursuance of this Act, and carried to the said Account, entitled M Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " there shall be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed are directed or authorized to be paid thereout), by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, such additional yearly Sums or Salaries to be from time to time paid Quarterly free of Taxes to the Secretary and Usher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and to the First Ten Clerks of the said Accountant General fur the time being, as herein after mentioned; videlicet, to the Secretary to the said Vice Chancellor of England Three hundred Pounds; to the Usher to the said Vice Chancellor One hundred and twenty Pounds; and to the First Clerk of the said Accountant General One hundred Pounds; to the Second Clerk One hundred Pounds; to the Third Clerk One hundred Pounds; to the Fourth Clerk One hundred Pounds; to the Fifth Clerk Eighty Pounds; to the Sixth Clerk Sixty Pounds; to the Seventh Clerk Forty Pounds; to the Eighth Clerk Seventy Pounds; to the Ninth Clerk Sixty Pounds; and to the Tenth Clerk Thirty Pounds; the Firil Quarterly Payment thereof to commence and be computed from the Twenty ninth Day of dpr'tl One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And also such several yearly Sums or Salaries as are herein after mentioned, to be from time to time paid Quarterly free of Taxes to Four additional Clerks for the time being; namely, a Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth and Fifteenth Clerk to be appointed; that is to say, to the Twelfth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds; to the Thirteenth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds; to the Fourteenth Clerk Osie hundred and eighty Pounds; and to the Fifteenth Clerk one hundred and eighty Pounds: And also like yearly Sums or Salaries of One hundred and eighty Pounds each to Three more additional Clerks in the said Office, in case it shall at any time hereafter appear necessary to the said Court of Chancery to appoint such Three additional Clerks or either of them, in pursuance of the Clause for that Purpose herein after contained; the First Quarterly Payment to such additional Clerks respectively to commence from the Day of the Date of their respective Appointments; and also any further Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in any One Year in Addition to the Provision already made by the before recited Acts for that Purpose to the Accountant General of the said Court for the time being, to defray the additional Expences of Stationery, Coals, Candles and other necessary Expences of the said Office.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, upon the Requisition of the Accountant General for the time being for that Purpose, and upon its being made appear to the Court that additional Affillance is necessary in the said Office for transading the said Business of the Suitors of the said Court, to appoint not exceeding Thcee more Persons to be Clerks in the said Office, who shall have and be entitled to the yearly Salaries of One hundred and eighty Pounds each, hereby provided for the additional Clerks in the said Office; to be paid and payable out of the fame Funds and in the same manner as is directed and provided by the Clause lall hereinbefore contained.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or taken to prevent or hinder any present or future Clerk in the said Office from being removed or displaced therefrom at any time, in such manner and by such Authority as Clerks in the said Office can now be removed or displaced.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest: and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Expences incurred in procuring and-passing this Act, and the Coils, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence* thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to.be made for that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the

Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore* mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be. placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, entitled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Secu- 44 rity of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery; " and which Fund shall be applied to aufwer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.,

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancelh^r of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for.

6 the

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C.lxiv — lxvii. 639

the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to or pursuant to this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Money called Provisicma contained in this Act, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out in ^henwantad* pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this to fuPri7 Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then 1040° U and in such case the said CoUrt may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Money to be called in,

and the Securities in which the fame, and the Surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned, shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid tbmr respective Demands out of the Common and General Cadi belonging to such Suitors,

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, Provifn for Re-delay, hinder or prevent any Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, by any form of Office*. Person or Persons having Authority to reform or abolish the same.

[Public Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

/ Cap. Ixv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Sheffield to Ttnfley, in the West Riding of the County of York.*[7th June 1815.]

' [" The Company of Proprietors of the Sheffield Canal" incorporated. 80, 00c/. and if necessary 20, 000l.

additional.

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigatiop, to 3*0.3, 0.59. complete and extend their Works, and for better supplying the said Canal with Water; and also for vesting in ^8 3- c-'

Trustees for the said Company of Proprietors, His Majesty's Right and Interest in certain Lands and s V'xlix Hereditaments in the Parishes of King's Norton and Northfield, in the County of Worcester, forfeited to The Crown.

[7th June 1 Si5*1

[90, 000l. additional.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Northern Light Houses to erect Light Houses on the Ides of Man, and Calf of Man. % [7th June 1815.]

\XJ WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, Commissioners

were named for putting the said Act into Execution, and for erecting Four Light Houses in the Northern

Parts of Great Britain; and certain Duties were thereby granted for answering the Expences of making

and maintaining the Works by the said Act authorized to be made 5 and the Commissioners were empowered to borrow Money on the Credit of the Duties; and if any Surplus should remain, after the necessary Expenditure to be incurred in carrying the said Act into Execution, the fame was directed once in every Year, to be veiled in some one or other of the Public Funds, until the yearly Interest of the fame should >'4 amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expence attending the said Light Houses, when such Duties were ipso fado to cease, determine and be no longer payable: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to render more ejffedual an Act 4 PaJfei^ tn Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for erecting certain Light

Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the said Commissioners were authorized to levy certain additional Duties 5 to borrow a further Sum of Money; and to commence levying the Duties as soon as Two of the said Light Houses should be lighted: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Twenty

'4 ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to give further Powers to the Commis* 4 Jiokers for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the said Commissioners were authorized to erect Two (dr) additional Light Houses; and were like wife empowered to cause such other Light Houses to be erected, as they should deem necessary, whenever the Produce of the Duties should'enable them so to do: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the said Commissioners were incorporated for the better carrying the said several Acts into Execution, and made One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of "The Commissioners of the Northern Light Houses: " And Whereas by another Act, f&ffed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting a Light

House on The Bell or Cape Rock on the Eafltrn Coast of Scotland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain towards

that Piitpose, Authority was given to the said Commissioners to erect the said Light House, and to levy 4 'certain additional Rates and Duties for the Support of the fame: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Power was given to the said Commissioners to (a) [The Words of 29 G. 3. c. 52. are 44 a Light House in a convenient Situation upon the South End of '*»*" the Island of Arran, or upon the Island of Plada near the fame."}

purchase

26 0.3. c. ror;

11.

5 7.

10. i 16.

28 G. 3. c. 15.

§ 3-

§ a.

29 G. 3. c. 5».

1.

§ 4.

38 G. 3. c. lviu.

!.*

46 G. 3. c. 132.

H.

54 G. 3. C. 13d.-§ I.

640

CommifTicr.ers to treat for Ground, &c. and erect Light Housei.

Duties to be collated.

Exemption from Duties*

Power to borrow Money.

Application of Money.

Powers at former Acts extended to Act.

Public Asst.

C.lxvU. 55° GEORGII III.A.I>.r8i^.

purchase the Island and Light of May in the Frith of Forth; and in dead of a Coal Light, to exhibit and

maintain on the said Eland an Oil Light or other improved Light; and also to erect and maintain such ' additional Light House upon such other Parts of the Coasts and Iftandt of Scotland as they should deem

necessary s And Whereas it Would tend greatly to the Security of Navigation, and be of great Benefit

to the Public, if Powers were given to the said CommiAoners to erect and maintain certain Light Houses ' upon the Ifies of Man and Calf of Man; but as these Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and

Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefen t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Northern Light Houses, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree with the Owners and other Persons interfiled, and to purchase and hold to them and their Successors and Assigns, the Lands and Hereditaments necessary for erecting the Light Houses and other Buildings and Conveniences herein after mentioned, in such Situations as they shall deem most expedient, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Penalties or Disabilities; and thereupon to erect and maintain One Light House on the Isle of Calf of Many and another Light House on the Isle of Many with such other BuiMiogi md Conveniences at each of such Light Houses as to them shall appear necessary; and in such Light Houses to maintain and exhibit such Lights distinguishable from the other Lights on the adjacent Coasts, as shall from time to time to the said Commissioners appear to be proper and necessary*

II. And, to enable the said Commissioners to defray the Expence of making the said Purchases, of

erecting the said Light Houses and other Buildings, and maintaining proper Lights in the said Light Houses, be it enacted, That so soon as the said Light Houses shall be erected, and Lignts shall be exhibited therein, it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, receive and take from all and every the Masters and Owners of every Ship or decked Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, navigated according to Law, which shall fail to or from any Port or Place in Saint George's Channel between the Head Lands of Holyhead and Howthhead both inclusive on the South, and Port Patrick and Donaghadce both inclusive on the North, or which shall fail to or from any Port or Place in the Frith of Solway, whether the said Ship or Vessel shall be loaded Or in ballad, or Outward or Homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyage, or failing Coastwise, and from the Mailer or Owner of every Ship or decked Vessel, failing within the aforesaid Limits (excepting as herein after excepted), a Sum not exceeding One Farthing for every Ton of such Ship or Vessel, and for every Foreign Ship or decked Vessel failing as aforesaid (excepting as herein after excepted), a Sum not exceeding One Halfpenny for every Ton of such Ship or Vessel. M

III. Prorvided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be oOaftrued to extend to charge with the Duties hereby granted, any Ship or Vessel liable to the Duties granted for the Support of the Light Houses under the Charge of the Commissioners of the Northern Light Housei, by any of the Acts, hereinbefore recited, or any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successore, or employed in the Service of His Majesty's Revenue, or of His Majesty's roftmasters General in Great Britain or Ireland, or any Ship or Vessel by any of the before recited Acts exempted from the Duties thereby granted.

IV. And be it enacted, That in addition to and over and above the Sums of Money which the said CommUfionere are by the said recited Acts authorized to borrow on the Credit of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, it shall and may be lawful to and in the Power of the said Commissioners to borrow and take up at latere ft, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts and by this Act granted, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Purpose of erecting the forefcud Two Light Houses, and for defraying the Expences of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall apply the Produce of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts and this Act granted, in making the Purchases aforesaid, in erecting and maintaining the said Light Houses and other Buildings, exhibiting proper Lights therein, in paying the Expences of preparing and passing this Act, and in repaying the Money to be bo no wed, and Intered thereof 5 and the Surplus or Residue of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts and this Act granted, which shall remain after answering the Purposes of the said red ted Acts and this Act, shall once in every Year be veiled in son« one or other of the Public Funds $ and the fame, together with the Interest thereof shall be allowed to accumulate oatiithe Yearly Interest shall amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expense attending the Light Hogses uadsr their Charge, when the whole Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts and by this Act granted AuU cease and determine.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners (Hall have and eqjpy all the Powers and Authorities conferred upon them in virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them* for colle&iag and enforcing Payment of the Duties granted by this Act, and of compounding for the feme, for nuuntaipfog and fopporting the Light Houses by this Act authorized to be erected, and maintaining the Lights therein, and for the Appointment and Removal of Collectocs, Keepers and other Officers, as are contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them.

VII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aj&, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as fetch, by all Judges, Justices a*d otter* without feffeg foecudly pleaded*

Cap.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII . III. Clxviii — lxxix. 641

Cap. lxviii.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching and regulating 54 G. j. c.com*; ^the Streets and Public Places within Part of the Precroft of Saint Katherine> in the County of Middlesex.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Melcombe. Regisy in the County of Dorset.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for establishing a Church or Chapel in Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton on the Hilly in the County of Lancaster.

[7th June 1815.]

[The Church of Saint Michaely Toxteth.']

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for 49 G. j.e.croi. widening, altering and rebuilding Ouse Bridge, in the City of York; and for widening certain Streeta and S° G*making other Improvements in the said City.

[7th June 1815.] c#lxxivu

Cap. lxxii.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge over the River of Rofiy at the Town 35 O. 3. (I.)

L of Ne<u> Rofjy in the County of Wexford.

[7th June 1815.]

[Tolls increased.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices, for the Burgh of PaUley and County of Renfrew.

[7th June iSlC.I

[See^G.^. r.cxvi.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads, from 33 G. j. c.i4). Wombome to Princes End, and from Gospel End to the Village of Over Penny and thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford, (c) [7th June l8lj.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ceafey new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap.hixv.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham9to the Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Old Stratford, and to be continued from the same Turnpike Road at the Town of Stony Stratford, to the Town of Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks. (b) [7th June 1815.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxvi*

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from 45 Southwark to Deptford, ana other Roads therein mentioned; and for lighting, watching and cleansing c«cx*

certain Parta thereof, and other Places in the Parish of Bermondsey9 in the County of Surry, fjthjune 1815.] I This Act relates only to the lightingy &c.as in the Titley and a Rate not exceeding Eighteen pence in the Pound is granted on Houses, fcfr. and not exceeding Six pence on Land being Meadow, &c.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for amending the Road from Dundalk to 13 &4 G. 3.

Dunleer in the County of Louth. (£) [7th June 1815.]

[Tolls of first mentioned AS to ceafey new Tolls granted Double Tolls on Sunday between Sunrise and (I.) c. 6.]

Sunset.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act For establishing and well-governing the Charitable Institution called The Caledonian Asylum, for supporting and educating Children of Soldiers, Sailors and Marines, Natives of Scotland, and of indigent Scotch Parents, resident in London, not entitled to Parochial Relief. [i4th June 1815.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for defraying the Expence incurred in rebuilding the Parish Church of Hanworthy in the County of Middlesex.' [14th Jun* 1815.]

55 Geo. III. 4 N Cap.

64* C.lxxx — xc. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

C.

13 & I4G.3.

(10 c. 15

G. 3. c.cxL

34 G. 3. C. 39

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[14th June 1815.]

*. [Saint James.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act to amend several Acts for the Management and Direction of the Meath Hospital, or County of Dublin Infirmary, and for the better regulating the same.

[14th June 1815.]

& 16 G.3. (I.) c.

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for the more eaual Assessment of Money presented to be raised by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Cork, and for a new Valuation of the said City, and Survey of the Liberties thereof, and for other Purposes relative to Grand Juries.

[22d June 1815.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act to authorize the raising; of a further Sum of Money to complete the Montgomeryshire Canal, and to extend the Power of deviating from and making certain Alterations in Part of the original Plan; and for explaining and rendering more effectual an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[40, 000l.] [22d June 1815.]

[Former Rates repealed, new Rates granted.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

% G. 3. c. 74. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts made in the Thirty second and Thirty seventh Years of His present G. 3 c <oo. Majesty, for the Support and Maintenance of Ramsgate Harbour, in the County of Kent.

[22d June 1815.]

[<Additional Rates. 2

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for providing a Market for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall.

[22d June 1815.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for embanking and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Benington, in the County of Lincoln.

[22d June 1815.]

41 Allotments and Compensation for Tithes, §18. 20.23.

Cap. lxxxvii.

13 G. 1. c. 16. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads in and leading through and from the Town of Warminster, X6<?€*61*County of Wilts. (a) [22d June 1815.]

3» G. 3. c. 141. [Regulations as to Market and Fair Days; and paving, &c. the Footways in Warminster. Compensation to repealed. Trustees of this Act from Trustees of Forome Road under 50 G. 3. c. lxii. Compensation to Trustees of this Act from Trustees of Warminster and Froome Road under 52 G. 3. c. lvi.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

Ante, c.xvl An Act torectify a Mistake (a) in an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and amending several Acts for repairing the Road from Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

[22d June 181c.]

(a) [As to the Tolls.]

Cap. lxxxix.

42 G. 3. c. ci. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for making and maintain* 44G. 3. C. xxivii. ing the Roads communicating with the West and East India Docks, and for repairing the Cannon Street

46 G. 3- c. ctxy. Road, and for making and maintaining a new Road to Barking, and a Road from the Romford and White-

49 G. 3. c.clxxn. (hapel Road to Tilbury Fort, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex; and also for making a new Branch of

51 .3. c. x u. Road from King David Lane Shadwell, to the Essex Road at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex. (b)

[22d June 1815.]

Cap. xc.

33 G. 3. c. 145- An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Sheffield to Harwich and Rochford, and other Places in the County of Essex, and for extending the said Act to the Road from Great Hallingbury to Hockerill, in the County of Hertford, (b)

[32d June 1815.]

[Additional Trustees* Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

15 Cap.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C.xci 645

Cap. xci.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Wcfl End of Cheapside, in the City of London, also Saint Martini le Grand, Aldersgate Street, Saint Anne's Lane and Foster Lane, and for providing a Site for a new Ijfoft Office between Saint Martins le Grand and Foster Lane aforesaid.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS the widening and enlarging Part of Aldersgate Street, in the City of London, the Street

called Saint Martin le Grand, partly in the said City and partly within the Liberty of Westminster,

and the West End of Cheapside in the said City, would be the means of opening a more easy Com-

mtmication between the Great Northern Roads and the Principal Streets and Avenues of the City of 4 London, and would be of great Utility and Convenience to the Public: And Whereas it is desirable that

Foster Lane and Saint Anne's Lane, in the said City of London, should be widened and improved: And

Whereas the Post Office in Lombard Street in the said City of London is inconvenient and inadequate for the

Purposes thereof, and it is expedient that a new Post Office should be erected in a more open Situation, and

upon an enlarged Plan, and that a suitable Piece of Ground should be provided for that Purpose: And

1 Whereas the Fund, called The Orphans' Fund, was established by an Act, passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year 5 &6 W.fc M*

of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Orphans and other IO*

Creditors of the City of London: And Whereas the Receipts and Disbursements of the said Fund are under

the Management and Direction of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London: And Whereas by Three Acts passed, One in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the ai c*

Second, intituled An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned; another, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present 7 <>.3. c. 37.

Majesty, intituled An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackfriars in the City of London, to the oppofte Side in the County of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the said City; for refairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits: and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Impqfition of Six pence per Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and the other, in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His said 44 O*

present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several 4 A3s for widening the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious

Street at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of the Orphasis' Fund certain Sums of Money for thoft Purposes, and also for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts; the several Provisions for supporting the;

said Fund have been continued and augmented, and the whole of the Rates and Charges applicable thereto since the time of gaffing the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are continued until the Fifth Day of July which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven;

but the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds/^r Annum, by the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King.

William and Queen Mary, and the Twenty first Year of His said late Majesty King George the Second, j

charged upon or made payable out of the Revenues of the said City of London, and certain other of the Rates and Charges applicable to the said Fund in the fame Acts mentioned, are thereby continued until all

the Principal Monies charged upon the said Fund, with Interest for the fame, shall be paid off and annihilated 2 y

And Whereas the Income of the said Fund has been from time to time applied according to the Direction*

4 of the several Acts of Parliament relating thereto, and thereby the Capital Debt due to the Orphans of the said City of London was, on the Fifth Day of January last, reduced to the Sum of One hundred and sixty two thousand three hundred Pounds j and the Capital Debt due to the other Creditors of the City of London, and

charged upon the said Fund before the passing of this Act, was on the said Fifth Day of January last, re duced to the Sum of Six hundred and forty six thousand four hundred Pounds, and it is probable that the whole of the said Debt, due to the said Orphans, will be paid off and discharged by the Fifth Day of January'

One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and the whole of the said Capital Debt by the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty four, if no further Charge or Incumbrance be made on the said Fund: And Whereas the Income of the said Fund affords a reasonable Probability that the Surplusses thereof will be sufficient to pay off, by or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven,

not only the whole of the Capital Debts and Sums of Money now charged on the said Fund, but also the further Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds, with Interest thereon, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum:

per Annum, computed from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, when

4 it is computed that the whole of the said Capital Debt, due to the said Orphans of the City of London, will be paid off and discharged as aforesaid, which may be applied in Repayment of Part of the Costs and Expence* ,

of making the Improvements, and obtaining the Ground hereinbefore mentioned 5 but as the Improvements,

and Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it please Your.

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the Corporation to City of London, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered to open and make a spacious enlarge Alderf-and convenient Communication from the Great Northern Roads through Aldersgate Street into Chtapfide in ^gal* Strtet»hct

4N 2 the

Corporation to make Site for tw Po(l Office.

Streets, &c.

Ptode according to Map or Plan, deposited at Town Clerk*s Office and General Pod Office.

Land and Premises marked in Plan used notwithstanding Errors in Schedule.

Corporation, their Surveyors, Itc may enter.upon Houses, lie.

Common Council to purchase and pull down Houses, Ice-

Purchasing limited to Five Years.

Bodies Politic, See. to sell and convey, Itc.

C.xcl 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 181f.

the said City, by altering, widening and improving Alderfyate Street afere&id, fran the Smith Side of the Church of Saint Botolfh to Saint Martin le Grakd aforesaid, and also Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, and enlarging, altering and improving the West £nd>of Cheapjide aforesaid; and also to alter, widen and improve Fofter Lane and Saint Anne's Lane aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Common*, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered to make a convenient Site for a new Poll Office, by taking down and laying open all the Hoirfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, between Cheapjide aforesaid and Newrote Street in the said City on the South, Saint Anne's Lane aforesaid on the North, Foster Lam aforesaid on the East, and Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid on the West.

III. And Whereas a Map or Plan describing the Lines of the said Streets and Places, and the Houses, 1 Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Streets and Ways, through and upon which the proposed Alterations and Improvements are to be made or carried by virtue of this Act, which is referred to by the Schedule to this Act annexed, has been made for the Purpose of being deposited for Public Inspection; Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be Two Parts of the said Map or Plan, each of which shall be au- thenticated by the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and severally deposited, One with the Town Clerk of the City of London, and the other at the General Post Office in the said City, within Three Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable times have Liberty to inspect the fame at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Sum of One Shilling for every such Iufpe&ion; and that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, in improving the said Streets or Ways, shall not deviate from the Lines described in the said Map or Plan.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Alder* men and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to make the said proposed Alterations and Improvements* and the said Site, into, through, across, over or upon the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, over which the fame is or are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid* although the Name or Names of the Owners or Occupiers thereof may happen to be omitted or mif-stated in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Aldermen of the said City, of London and be certified, by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from, Mistake.

V. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayoiv Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, Officers and Workmen, from time to time, at all reasonable times in the Day, to enter into and upon the Houses, Buildings* Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprised in and described in the said Map or Plan and Schedule, orf any of them, in such manner as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled* shall think necessary and proper, without being aeemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty or Punishment, on account of entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London ' to treat and agree for the Purchase of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments described or comprised in the said Map or Plan and Schedule, and of any sub-fitting Leases, Terms, Estates and Interests therein, or such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively* as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think proper.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall not within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act, agree for or cause to be valued as herein after is mentioned, the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Parts thereof respectively, which they are hereby empowered to purchase as aforesaid* then and from thenceforth the Powers hereby granted to them for such Purpose, shall cease, determine and be. utterly void 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trull for Charitable or other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successori, but also for and on behalf of their CeRuique Traits or Wards, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seized, possessed of or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or any other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Persons or Person whomsoever, who are, is or shall be seized or possessed of, or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments described or comprised in the said Map or Plan, and Schedule which, 6r Part of which, by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, shall be thought proper to be purchased, to contra& for, sell and convey the fame, and every or any Part thereof, to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London; and that allContra&s, Agreements*Bargains, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances, Acts and Deeds, which shall be made by such Bodies Politic, Corporate or CoL legiate, Traftee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever $ and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whonu

10 soever

A.D. 181j; ss° GEORGII III. C.xcl

soever so con trading or conveying as aforesaid, mi* hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which he, (he, they or any of them, shall respectively make, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

1 IX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Colle-

Sate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons, shall be applied to by or on behalf of the said Lord [ayor. Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to treat for, fell, dispose of or convey any Part or Parts of any House, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of several Persons jointly, and shall by Notice in Writing, to be left at the Comptroller's Office in the Guildhall of the said City within Thirty Days after such Application, (ignijfy his, her or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispose of and convey the whole of inch House, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, and it shall happen that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the whole of such House, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, then and in every such case nothing in this Act shall extend or be confuted to extend, to compel the several Persons interested therein to treat for, fell, dispose of or convey, or to authorise the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to take or use Part only, orless than the whole of such House, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament$ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, and other Person or Persons hereinbefore capacitated to contract for, sell and convey any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and any other Owner or Owners of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, may accept and receive such Satisfaction or Recompence for the Value thereof, and such Body or Bodies, Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons, Owner or Owners, and also any Tenant or Tenants for a Year, or from Year to Year, or at Will, or other Occupier or Occupiers of any such Premises may accept and receive such Compensation for such Goodwill or Improvements as shall be loft, and for such Injury or Damage as shall be sustained on account of the Execution of this Act, or in any wise relating thereto, as shall be agreed upon between them respectively, and the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled; and in case the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and the said Parties interested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goodwill or Improvements, or sustaining such Injury or Damage, cannot or do not agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, Recompence or Compensation, the fame respectively (luill be ascertained and settled by a Jury in manner herein after directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons seized or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein as aforesaid, or any Occupier or Occupiers thereof, sustaining such Lose, Injury or Damage as aforesaid, for and on his, her or their Part or Parts, or for or on the Part of his, her or their Cestuique Trusts or Wards, or of any other incapacitated Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall refiife to accept such Purchase Money, Satisfaction, Recompence or other Compensation as shall be offered by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Com* moos, in Common Council assembled, or any Person or Persons authorized by them on their behalf; or if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons seized or possessed of, or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall, (upon Notice in Writing given to the Principal Officer or Officers of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affixed upon the fame Premises, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice) neglect or refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability, cannot agree with the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or with any Person or Persons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or their respective Shares, Estates and Interests therein, or cannot he found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then and in every such case the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, to be holden in the Outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, shall, and the said Court are hereby empowered from time to time to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriffs of the City of London, commanding such Sheriffs to impannel, summon and return a Jury; and such Sheriffs are and each of them is hereby authorized and required accordingly to impannel, summon and return Forty eight substantial and indifferent Persons qualified to serve on Juries; and the Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, at such tipieand Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and to attend the said Court from Day to Day, until discharged by the said Court; and out of which such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Court appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are directed to be drawn; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the time and Place appointed as aforesaid, some Person to be by the said Court appointed, shall return other substantial, honed and indifferent Men of the Bystanders, or of others who can be (peedily procured to attend that Service, being so qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned

shall

645

Not compellable to fell Part of Estate if willing to fell the whole.

Satisfaction made, and accepted.

Parties refuting to accept Satisfaction, or to treat, or cannot be found, Sec. Court of Mayor and Aldermen to issue Precept for impannelling Jury.

Jury challenged.

646 C. xci.

55

GEORGII ILL

A.D. 1815.

Verm of Jury final.

Previous Notice being given to Parties interested.

Verdict of Value of Lands and Damages ascertained respectively.

Jury under fame Regulations as in Conrts at Westminster.

Perjury.

Expences of Juries provided for.

shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time as Occasion shall require, by Precept or Precepts, to summon and call before them all and every or any Persons and Person whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, - her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury, or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places and Premises in Question, in such manner as they shall direct, and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend until all such Affairs, for which they were fumraoned, shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths as well as the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen are hereby empowered and required to administer), shall esquire of, assess and ascertain, and give a Verdict for the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of, or a Satisfaction or Recompence for either the Entirety of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts shall be directed, and the Compensation which shall be to be made in respect of Goodwill, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatsoever, to be loft or sustained as aforesaid, to any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts shall be directed (the fame respectively to be estimated by the said Jury in as just and liberal a manner as if the Improvements authorized by this Act had never been in Contemplation), and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall givi Judgmtotfer such Purchase Money, Satisfaction, Recompence or Compensation so to be assessed 5 which said Yet&6K<*k Verdicts, and the said Judgment and Judgments thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and upon all Persons whomsoever, providfedthat Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing at the lead, of the Hour or Time and Place at which such Jury quired to be returned and meet, be given to the Principal Officer or Officers of the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to the Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, by leaving such Notice at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or be affixed upon the fame, and the said Verdict s, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and Juries so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said City of London for the time being.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and Juries, shall award all Determinations, Judgments and Verdicts, which they shall make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them concerning the Value of Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, separately and distinctly from the Consideration of any other Loss or Damages to be sustained by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest* or Interests therein, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Loss or Damages as aforesaid, separately and apart from each other.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Jury and Jurymen as aforesaid shall be under and subject to the fame Regulations, Pains and Penalties as if such Jury or Jurymen had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that all and every Person and Persons, who in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act shall wilfully give false Evidence before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or before any such Jury as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case a Verdict shall be given for a greater Sum of Money as a Satisfaction or Recompence for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or as a Compensation for any Goodwill or Improvement, or any Loss or Pamage to be sustained as aforesaid respectively, than shall have been offered by or on the behalf of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, before the summoning of such Jury, or in case a Verdict shall be given for any Sum or Sums of Money as a Compensation for Goodwill, Improvements, Loss or Damage where no Compensation shall have been offered by or on the bphalf of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, previously to the summoning of such Jury, or in case by reason of Absence, or other Impediment or Disability, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at Hand who may be legally capacitated to contract with, and make Conveyances to, or receive Compensations from the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, when the Dispute is for such Compensation as aforesaid only as hereinbefore is mentioned, then and in every or any such case, all the reasonable Cods, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Recompence, Value or Compensation respectively, to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the fame, shall be paid and borne by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, but in case any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum of Money as shall have been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, m Common Council a&mbledj or for a less Sjim than shaft

hart

A.D. 18F5. 55° GEORGII III. C.xci. 64?

have been so previously offered, or in case no Compensation shall be given by the Verdict (when the Dispute is

for such Compensation as aforesaid only), or in case of such Refusal to treat or convey by any Body

or Bodies, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act, or otherwise, legally empowered to treat and convey or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then and in every or any such case (except where by Reason of Absence or otherwise, any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid, in which case all such Costs, Charges and Expences are to be paid and borne by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Coipmon Council assembled, as aforesaid), all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Value,

Recompence or Compensation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the fame, shall be taxed by the Registrar for the time being of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies, or Person or Persons entitled to or claiming such Value,

Recompence or Compensation; and the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the said Costs, Charges and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of all such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, That no Jury which shall be summoned by virtue of this Act shall be allowed to Ten Days* No-

affef8 or award any Sum or Sums of Money to any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, by way of Com- t|cc of , njUJ7 pensation for Goodwill or Improvements alleged to be loft, or any Injury or Damage alleged to have been to

sustained by him or them, in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, unless Notice awa*d Complin Writing, Hating the Particulars of every such Claim, and how and in what manner the Amount thereof is ration for fame, made out and computed, shall have been given or left by or on behalf of such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, at the Comptroller's Office aforesaid, Ten Days at least before the time of the Meeting of such Jury.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall have Power and Court of Alder-Authority, from time to time to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such men may fine Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputies or Deputy, or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, Sheriffs, &c. and on any of the Persons summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries who shall not appear without not atten In' some reasonable Excuse, or shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not

give his or their Verdict, or otherwise neglect his Duty, and also on any Person and Persons summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, who shall not attend, having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his or their Costs and Charges, or shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any other Person or Persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, and that a Copy of the Order of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said City of London for the time being, shall be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting or aiding and assisting therein, to make such Distress and Sale, and all such Fines shall be paid to the Chamberlaiti of the said City for the time being, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Determinations, Orders Verdins ai d

and other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen and Juries, as relate to or concern any of Judgments en-the cases before mentioned, and all Receipts which the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give for any Sum5re(1mons

or Sums of Money paid into the Bank in manner herein after mentioned, in consequence of any Verdict ecor*

and Judgment, shall be entered among the Records of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees and Orders, and other Proceedings, shall be deemed and taken

to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to be good and sufficient Evidence thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever, and all Persons shall and may have Recourse to the fame (gratis) and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding Six pence for every Seventy two Words, and so proportionably for any greater Number of Words.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be Upon Payment

accepted, or so to be awarded and adjudged as aforesaid, after such Deduction (if any) as aforesaid, to the of Value assessed Body or Bodies, Person or Persons to whom the same shall be agreed to be given or awarded, for the Purchase to City, of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or for the

Purchase of any Share, Estate or Interest therein, such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, shall make and

execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid and legal Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances in the Law, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or of such Share, Estate or Interest, for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed to be accepted or shall be awarded, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances, and shall do all Act8, Matters and Things necessary and requisite to make a good, clear and perfect Title to the fame Premises; and such Conveyances, Alignments arid Assurances shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as' shall on the Part of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens be required.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Titles to, and the Conveyances, Alignments Title, &c. to Sits and Assurances of the several 'Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which Hand upon of new Puft

that

648 Cxci. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 18ts.

Office approved that Part of the Ground which is to form the Scite for a New Post Office, and is not to be used for any of on behalf of other Purposes of this Act, shall previously to the fame Conveyances and Assurances being executed unto the Postmaster Ge- Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, be laid before, and approved of, by the Postmaster General, if »erJ- he Audi think fit.

Bargains and

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of the Estate or Interest of any Feme Covert to Sales to have the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and Force of Fines 'delivered by such Feme Covert in the Presence of and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and duly and Recoveries, acknowledged, and enrtdled in the Court of Huttings of the City of London, or in the High Court of Chancery, within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Ettate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries would or could do if levied and suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sale whatsoever to be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof as shall be purchased or taken by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in Law to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in Trust for such Bargainor or Bargainors, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

Claims entered

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person whomsoever, having or claiming within a limited any Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, time, or b*rr«d j Remainder, Contingency or Expectancy, of, into or out of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or.Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, which by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act shall be purchased, and shall be conveyed, or expressed and intended to be conveyed to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens by such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, shall, within the Space of Five Years to be computed from the Day of the Inrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Town Clerk of the said City of London for the time being $ which Book the said Town Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry he shall be entitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law entitled to for the Registry of a Memorial con-dining the fame Number of Words; and all and every Persons and Person whomsoever not entering such Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim or Demand within such time, and in such manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the fame, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim or Demand with Effect, within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the time of such Entry, shall be for ever barred of all Right, Title, Use, Trust, Equity, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Contingency or Expectancy, into, upon or out of the said Premises and every Part thereof, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and those claiming by, from or under them, shall be, and they are hereby quieted in the Possession of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof; any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

But may recover

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons barred of any Right, Purchase Mo- Title, Estate, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim or Demand whatsoever, in, to or out of the said Houses, Dies,c. from Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, purchased, or taken by virtue of

ftmt!*reCeiVm* this Act, shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, or for Money had and received to his, her or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representatives of any Person or Persons, who shall have received ml or any Part of the Purchase Money arising from such Sale of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments aforesaid, or Part or Parts thereof, and that in every or any such case the respective Plaintiffs on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the fame, shall recover the said Purchase Money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest or Mesne Profits as shall be equivalent to the Mesne Profits of the Premises which they would have been entitled to recover in case this Act had not been made.

Upon Payment

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have of Money, Pre- been contrafted and agreed, or shall have been assessed and awarded by any Jury or Juries, in manner aforesaid,

miles to vest in to pajd for^Purchase or for the Value of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,

ty' or Part or Parts thereof, or any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein as aforesaid, to

the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or such other Body or Bodies, Person or Persons as shall be interested in dr entitled to receive the same, at any time after the same shall be so agreed for, assessed or awarded; or if the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons so entitled or interested, or any of them, cannot be found, or shall not be known, or shall refuse to receive the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, dr shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances thereof, then, upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, as herein after directed and required (in case the same shall be requisite), for the U(e of such Person or Persons, or of the unknown Person or Persons, so interested or entitled as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, to enter into and upon such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates and Interests, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand, m Law and Equity, of the Body or

Bodies,

A.D. 1815.

55° GEORGII III.

C. xci, 649

Bodies, Person or Persons, or unknown Person or Persons, to whose Credit such Money shall be paid, in, to and out of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seifm or Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Body or Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled. Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, or any other Conveyance or Affur-ance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, or unknown Person or Persons, of, in or to the fame Premises to whose Credit such Tender, Payment or Investiture shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or Contingency, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every other Person whomsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, purchased by virtue of the Powers of this ACT, which shall belong to any Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or Cefiutque Trust, or to any Person whose Houses, Buildings, Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account

' there, ex parte the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or affe£ting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Diro&ion and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall j be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the ihean time time, and until the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who would, for the time being, .have been entitled to the R?nts and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there should be any Money to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate. or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, purchased as aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation, or any Person or

'Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame .shall, at the Option of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Parts, Shares, Estates or Interests,

fb purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified ic Writing under their respective Hands, be paid in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be

J>aid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons making uch Option, and be approved of by the said Lord Mayor for the time being (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore 'directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so to be paid as aforesaid shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Body or Bodies,

Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, .Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates and Interests so purchased, fa ken or used as aforesaid, in such manner as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common^ Council*assembled, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their J .Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use au.d Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.'.

55 Geo. III. 4O XXVII. And

Application mf Compensation when amounting to 30.1.

Application.v.iierc Compel 1'ition less tlun*7Q-1. tnd exceed 2 cl.

Application where Money 1$ less than zou

In case Titles deficient, Money paid into Bank.

Iti case of Doubt upon Title, Inttreft of Money paid into Bank shall be paid to Person who was in possession of Pre-miles when bought.

Cnyrt of Chancery may order JExpences of Purchases to be paid.

Jkjbrtgaeeet on Tender of Prin* cipal and Interest -to convey.

Cxci 55° GEORGII III. A.p, iSi5.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall he awarded for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts, Shares, Estates or Interests therein to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or in case such Person or Persont to whom such Sum and Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates or Interests* be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Party or Parties interested in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fdeferibing such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments), or if such Party or Parties shall not be known, then to the Credit of the then unknown Person or Persons interested in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (describing the fame Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments), subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall, and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall revive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bfcnk of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or of any Estate, Right, Title or Interest, in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased or taken in pursuance of this Act, or of any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who shall have been in the Possession of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of such Purchase, and all Body or Bodies, Person or Persons claiming under such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Body or Bodies, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem rcaforiable, to be paid by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as shall be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act or any Parts or Shares thereof, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall on the Tender of the Principal and Interest due thereon, together with the Amoitflt of Six Calendar Months' Interest on the said Principal Money, by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or such Person or Persons as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled* shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months to be computed from the Day of 1 giving such Notice, that then, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their* Interest

10 i&

A.U. i $ i£.

55° GEORGII III.

G.Jfcfc 65 T

in the Pmoife* to the said Mayer and Commonalty and Citizen*, or such Person or Persons at shall be , 1-, appointed as aforesaid in Trull for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to cpnvejr f.1 or assign as aforesaid, on such Tender or Payment, then all Intend on every such Mortgage shall from thence cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due Upon any such Mortgage or Mortgage*, Provift. with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands*

Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Part or Parts thereof which shall be taken for the Purposes of das Act, finch Value to be afeertaked in manner hereinbefore directed, then the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, m Common Council assembled, shall not he liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees mo^e than the real Value of such Premises, to be determined as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Mortgagee shall refuse oy Upon Ptyment neglect to convey or assign as aforesaid, then, upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any J* l such Mortgage at aforesaid into the Bank, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such,

Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cafluers mall give a> tu , eft m city. Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like manner as hereinbefore directed in case of other Payments into the Ba.ik, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property^ Claim and Demand whatsoever, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Persons or Person in Trust for him, her or them, shall vest in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage Or Mortgages to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided ali'o, that if the Money and Intciril due in re(pe& of ally Mortgage or Mortgages of P*0* the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part Or Parts thereof which mall be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, shall amount to more than the Value of the Premises charged therewith, or of such of them or such Part or Parts therenf as shall be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall upon Payment or Tender of the Sum to be ascertained, as the Value of the Houses, Building?, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or - Parts thereof, to be

Srchafed or taken as aforesaid, forthwith convey, assign and transfer hi?, her or their Interest in such

oufee. Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, to the said Mayor and '

Commonalty and Citizens, or to such Pentoaor Persons as ftiaM be appointed as aforesaid, and ill Dekult,

so doing, and on Payment of such Money into the Bank, of England\ for the Use of the Jdortga^ee or^r

Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cadders of the Bank shall give such Receipt or Receipts as above mentioned and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her or them in the said Houses,

BuQdrogs, LandvTenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, the Value whereof shall have been

so afpertatneJ and paid into the Bank as aforesaid, shall rest in the said Mayor and Commoflaky and Citizens, (

and they fttaR he deemed to be in the actual Po&ffion of the kid Premises to all Intftofts tad rurposes wh*I>

soever, and such'fiums of Money shall be deduced from the Amount of the Principal and Interest due to fac]i

Mortgagee or Mortgagees.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Money and Interest due in respect of any Mortgage or Mortgagors r« Mortgages of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, convey, or be which mail be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, shall amount to more than the Value of the forcclolIt<i' Premises charged therewith, or of such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, or other the Person or Persons entitled to tte Redemption. thereof shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum to be awarded or assessed* as the Value of the Houses, JhtBdiags, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, to he purchased or v

taken as aforesaid, to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or into the Bank as aforpfibd, forthwith, without anr t

Coqiiderqtion, convey, assign or release, his, her or their Right, Equity of Redemption and Interest, in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed as aforesaid; and ip Default of so doing shall be and are hereby barred and foreclosed from all Right or Equity of Redemption of and in the fame Premisee 5 and all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim arid Demand of him, her or them, and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her and them, in the feme Premises, shall vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies, Person and Persons, in tJbrToffiffion'de* actual Possession of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, to be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, as Owner, Leaseholder, Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or for any shorter Term or otherwise, shall, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from and after the next*, f

Quarter Day after Notice in Writing from the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Cotnrnoi

Council assembled, or their Agent, duly authorized, shall have been left at or affixed upon the feme Premises, '

Or\fo fesa after as he, she or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the to the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in C°nunon Council assembled, or the PexioQ or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and that in case any such Body or Bodies,

Person or Pertonep shall refuse to give Up such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to iffoe their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of the said City of London, td deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Pfreoepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriffs are hereby required to debver such roffession accordingly of the fnd Premisef, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing of such Precept or Precepts On the"

fO 2 PerfoIi,

Tenants at Will, &c. quitting before obliged by .Law, to have Compensation.

I«

Broviso.

Occupiers to have Satisfaction paid to them on Execution of Conveyances within Seven Months after Notice to quit.

l'rovif#/

Money p.iid before any Ufc made of Pre-miles.

Power to dear Ground and fell Id Materials.

Burial Ground $jim Leo-

C.xci. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. rSi5.

Person or Persons so refuting to give up such Possession as aforesaid by Distrefa and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, by virtue of this Act, deliver up the Possession of the fame before the Expiration of the time for which he would otherwise have been authorized to keep Possession thereof, then and in every or any such case, such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to such Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, in Satisfaction and Compensation for delivering up the Possession of the fame Premises as shall be agreed upon between such Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, and the said Lord Mayor, Aldertnen and Commons, in Common Council assembled; and in case such Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, and the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, shall not agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction or Compensation, then the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, in manner hereinbefore directed for ascertaining and settling the Value or Recompence for Houses, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises to be purchased or taken for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that in case any Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, who shall be entitled to Compensation and Satisfaction by virtue of this Act, shall be desirous of delivering up the Possession of the Premises in his or her Possession, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the next Quarter Day after such Notice shall have been left at or affixed upon the fame Premises for that Purpose as aforesaid, notwithstanding he or she may not be then required so to do, then and in every such case the said Lord Major, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall immediately after the Expiration of the said Sit Calendar Months, or so soon after as the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for Satisfaction and Compensation to such Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year respectively, shall be agreed upon or awarded, cause Possession to be taken of the fame Premises, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be agreed upon or awarded for Compensation as aforesaid, to be thereupon paid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in the actual Occupation of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, having a greater Interest therein than a Tenancy at Will, or Lease for a Year, shall within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after Notice to deliver Possession of the fame Premises shall have been left or affixed in pursuance of this Act, deliver a full and perfect Abstract of his, her or their Title to the fame Premises, or to his, her or their Estate or Interest therein, and shall, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Delivery of such Abstract, supply all Defects (if any) which shall be found therein, and of which due Notice shall be given, and deduce a clear Title to the fame Premises, or such Estate or Interest therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, then and in every such case the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall on or before the Expiration of Seven Calendar Months next after such Notice shall have been left or affixed as aforesaid, or so soon thereafter as the Sum or Sums of Money, Satisfaction or Recompence to be paid to such Person or Persons for the fame Premises shall have been agreed upon or awarded as aforesaid, cause proper Conveyances, or Assignments and Assurances of the fame Premises respectively to be prepared, and on the Execution thereof, and of all Acts necessary for perfeding the fame, - by the necessary Parties, shall cause the Sum or Sums of Money, Satisfaction or Recompence to be agreed or awarded to be paid for the same Premises, or such Estate or Interest therein, to be paid in such manner as i6 directed bj this Act: Provided always, that no wilful or effectual Delay shall be made by or on the behalf of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in investigating the Titles to the said Premises respectively, or in agreeing upon or causing the Satisfaction or Recompence to be paid for the same, to be awarded as aforesaid, or in preparing such Conveyances, Assignments and Assurances as aforesaid.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money or other Consideration,

Recompence or Satisfaction to be paid pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or into the Bank of England as herein mentioned, before the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to take Possession, or pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings comprized in or affected by such Agreement or Verdict respectively, or to use the Ground, or any other Land, Tenement or Hereditament, or Part thereof, for any of the Purposes of this Act, unless Leave shall be given for that Purpose in Writing, by the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses, Erections, Buildings, Land, Tenement or Hereditament. '

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to pull down, or cause to be pulled down, all Houses and other Erections and Buildings which shall be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, or such of them, or such Part thereof, as they shall think proper to be pulled down, and to level and clear the Ground whereon the same shall stand, and all other the Ground to be purchased, or taken by virtue of this Act, in such manner as they shall think proper, and to fell, or cause to be sold, the Materials of Houses and other Buildings to be taken down and removed pursuant to this Act, and the Monies to be produced by the Sale thereof (after deduding the Expences of pulling down such Houses and Buildings, and of such Sale or Sales), and also the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, until the same shall be pulled down or cleared, shall be applied and disposed of for or towards the Purposes of this Act or any of them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to take or use for the Purposes of this Act the Burial Ground of

14 Saint

A.D. 181j. 55° GEORGII III. C.xcL 653

Saint Leonard* FoJhr'Lane, am} to lay open Part thereof into the Street or Way called FoAer Lane aforesaid* nard, Fofter and the same shall at all times thereafter form Part of the said Street, and be used by the Public accordingly. Lane, taken. <«nd the.Residue of the said Burial Ground and Soil thereof, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the fame,

shall be and are hereby vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, for the Pueposes of this Act, and shall be accordingly conveyed by them in manner herein after mentioned.

i.XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Corporation t« Council assembled, do and shall, and they are hereby empowered and required out of the Monies to be re- purchase new ceived for the Purposes of this Act, to purchase a fit and convenient Piece or Parcel of Ground, equal in Burial Ground Quantity to and within the Distance of a Quarter of a Mile from the said Burial Ground of Saint Leonard, nYrdFofttr°" .Foster Lane, to be appropriated and used as and for a Burial Ground for the Parishioners of the said Parish Lane.

of Saint Leonard, Foster Lane, and to procure the same to be consecrated and settled for that Purpose in such manner as the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, or such Person 95 they shall appoint, shall direct, and to cause such new Burial Ground to be inclosed on such Sides thereof na shall bL* necessary with an Iron Railing and a proper Gate to be erected as an Entrance thereto, with'a Lock ^mdother necessary Fastetiings, and such new Burial Ground, and the Soil thereof, and the Freehold and Inheritance of the fame, in Fee Simple, shall be vested in the same manner, and shall be subject to the fame peculiar Jurisdiction and Visitations as the present Burial Ground of Saint Leonard, Foster Lane. v*.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said present Burial Ground of Saint Leonard, Foster Proviso for pre-Lane, shall not be taken or applied for the Purposes of this Act until such new Bur&l Ground shall have ^nt Burial been.conveyed and effectuaUjr secured and procured to be consecrated and inclosed as aforesaid. Ground.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Graves in the said present Burial Ground of Saint Leonard Graves, &c. dif-aforesaid shall be as little dillurbed, and as little Damage shall be done to the Grave Stones therein as turb«d as little reafoaably may be. ..possible.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be necessary, in pursuance and Execution of this Regulations as te Act, to open and disturb any Grave or Graves, or any Burial Vault or Vaults in the said Burial Ground of repv*n8 Saint Leonard aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Relations or Friends, of Bod, ef* any Person or Persons who shall have been interred or deposited in such Grave or Graves, Vault or Vaults, with the Coufent of the.Rector and Churchwatdens of the said Parish* or the major Part of them, to remove and carry away the Remains of any such Person or Persons, and place the fame in such new Burial Ground as aforesaid, or in any Church or consecrated Ground in such manner as the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, or fiuch Person as they shall appoint shall direct; and that the Expences of such removing, carrying away and placing (not exceeding in any one case the Sum of Ten Pounds) shall be paid by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; and that the Remains of such Person or Persons as shall have been interred or deposited in the Graves or Vaults £0 to be opened and dillurbed as aforesaid, which shall not be removed and carried away as aforesaid, shall,

(except such Vaults or Graves shall be finally closed up) at the Expence of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to be paid out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act* be removed from such Graves or Vaults into, and be interred in such New Burial Ground as afore-Caid, in such manner as the said Dean and Chapter for the time being, or such Person as they shall appoint, shall direct.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Re- Regulations at lations or Friends of any Person or Persons whose Grave Stones are laid in the said Burial Ground of Saint Leonard, to remove and carry away the fame at his, her or their own Expence, and put or place the fame in rave ones' the said new Burial Ground, or iu any other Church or consecrated Ground, at his, her or their free Will and Pleasure; and further, that such Grave Stones as aforesaid, as shall not beffo removed and carried away, shall, at the Expence of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to be paid out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, be removed from the said Burial Ground of Saint Leonard into, and be put up and laid in such new Burial Ground as aforesaid in such manner as the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, or such Person as they shall appoint, shall direct.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, 1'ower to flop in Common Council assembled, to alter, divert, flop up or enclose, such Streets, Courts, Alleys, Ways or JJP greets an Passages, and void Ground, situated between the North Side of Cheapside, and Newgate Street aforesaid on the '

South, the South Side of Saint Anne's Lane aforesaid on the North, the West Side of Foster Lane aforesaid 0*1 the East, and the West Side of Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, on the West, which now are or heretofore were used as Streets, Ways and Passages, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as to the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be thought proper to be altered, diverted, flopped up or enclosed for the Purposes of this Act; and the Ground or Soil of such Streets, Courts, Alleys,

Ways* Passages and void Ground* or Parts thereof respectively, as fh, all be flopped up and enclosed, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof shall be and is hereby vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be accordingly conveyed by them in manner herein after mentioned.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, Power to flop in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, during the making of the said Alterations and Improvements, to flop up or cause to be flopped up, all or any Part of the Carriage A*t.U Ways of Streets, and other Places, which they shall think necessary, and for that Purpose to put up, or cause to be put up 1 sufficient Palisadoes, Bars, Polls and other Erections, and to make such Orders for regulating the Passage of all Carts, Carriages and Horses, as to them shall seem proper.

6$4

Vo Street quite temporarily topped up.

Streets raised or lowered*

PavemeMtehfew laid and mal*.

[Proviso.]

Sewers and Drains arched over, or filled up.

Drains or Se* Wars made, &'c.

Ground laid met) Street tolbtfn Fart thereof.

Corporation empowered to grant Buttling LOafe of Owuwd at West End of Cheapside, and between St. Martin le Grand and intended Foil Office.

Cxcir 55.^ GEORGII JH. A.D. iSlj.

XLVI. PttvMtri altatyfcf and be it farther rina&ed, That no Street, the Carriage Pavement of which shall be of Rlflfcienf Width fof T*o Cdfcches or other Carriage? to pass each other, and which shall not be intended W be* uhhrtttdy (topped up for the Purposo* of this Act, shall at any time be wholly stopped up, but that fufV Rrient Room froffl be left at afi times for the free Paflttge of Carts, Carriages and Foot Passengers.',

XLVII. And be it ftittber enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen ana Chmmoits, in Common Council riffemMed, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise or lower the Ground of the Streets and Ways to be made, widened* enlarged and improved as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectfiYely* air they shall judge rieceffery.

XLVTlT. Provided always, and be it farther enw&ed, That in widening, improving and enlarging the fail Streets* Ways and Places* in pursuance of this Act, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, is Com-tton Chuncil assembled, ftudl, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, in a substaotialand workmanlike manned fill in all and every the Vaults, Cellars and open Places over which it may be necessary to new pave1 (except Rich as may be used again as Cellars, Vaults or Areas) with good found hard Brick Rubbish, to be*well rammed down every Three or Four Inches thick, to prevent the Ground from giving way % and Out of such Monies so to be received well and effectually pave over all the Ground of the said Streets or Ways (b widened, enlarged and improved as aforesaid, with the Materials of the present Pavement as far an they will extend, and* with a Efficient Quantity of new Materials of like Qu«dity and Dimensions, te supply* stiff deficiency; and* (fact' and will in like manner, out of such Monies so to be received, relay and repair all and every Part or the Streets, Ways arid PfcfTages, which they shall dillurb or alter in carrying the rurposes of this Act into Execution: Provided neverthtleft* that notning herein contained shall extend or be coastrued to-extend*, to charge thefSid*Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, or the said Monies to-be received by virtue of rifts Act* with repairing or making gOod such Pavement in future, but that from and after the feme (half be so paved, relaid and repaired as aforesaid, the same shall for ever thereafter be kept iu Repair by and ft'riie^Expnrce of the respective Wards to whieli the same shall respectively belong, and that the Right and Property of all Pavements, Stones and Bricks* so to be laid as aforesaid, shall belong to and be the Property of the respective Wards, in the fame'manner act Things of a like ji/cicnpaou m other Parts«f the find Wards.refoedrirely are now veftedby Law. k r <

XLT3C. And be it farther ensued, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council aflTetribfed, and they ate hereby authorized and empowered to cause all Sewers and Drains which shall lie and be in or near such Streets or Ways to be altered, widened, enlarged or improved, or stopped upy or inclosed as aforesaid respectively, or any Phrt thereof respectively, to be arched over or filled up as mail appear necesstu*y for completing the PbrpdfoS of this Act, so as the same shall not in any wise obstruct^ injure or prejudice any Public Sewer or Drain whatsoever, or any Private Drain, without making another Drain or Sewer in lieu thereof equally ferriceable and convenient to the Individual or Neighbourhood: Proy vided always, that at the time of filling any Sewer or Drain as aforesaid, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and1 Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall make, erect and build other good and fumcieat Sewers and Drains, of convenient Depth and Width, to the Satisfedtion of the Commissioners of Sewers appointed or to be appomwd Tinder or by rirtne of any Act or Adtfrof Parliament relative to Sewers in the said City of London^ and When the same shall be so made and completed, the said respective Sewers and Drains shall be under the Jurisdiction, Care, Management and Direction of such Commissioners.

L. And be it farther enridfeed, That when the said Streets or Ways shall be altered, widened, tnhirged and frftprored* in pursuance of this Act, ^11 the Ground and Hereditaments which shall be laid open into the said Streets* or Ways, and pared as afortfftrid, shall form Part of the said Streets or Ways nespectively, and shall be used by the Public accordingly 5 and the foie Power and Authority of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the fame, shall be under the Care, Management, Controul and Jurisdiction of the fame Commissioners, Trtrftees, and other Persons, as the other Streets and Ways in the Wards in which the fame respeo* tively ftail be fitnate;

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ground or Hereditaments situated ih P'tUernojfer itvW, the West Ertd of Chtapjide, or the South Side of Ne*wgatd Street aforesaid, and also any Ground or Hereditaments, fttuated between Saint Martin le Grand and the intended Post Office, and southward of the Site of the intended Prill Office, which shaft be purchased and cleared by virtue of this Act, shall not be laid into and form Part Of rile said Streets or Way 8 when widened and improved as aforesaid, then and in such case it (foil be hwfirfforrinrsaid l^yw Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, and they are hereby »* thorized and requiredv as soon as conveniently may be after the Houses and Buildings on such Ground and Hereditaments'mril be pulled down, by an Indenture or Indentures under the Comtnori Seat of the said Cfty, to demifettnd lease all such Ground and Hereditaments, either altogether or in Parecls, to any Person or Persons tvho shaft erect and buftd, or covenant and agree to erect and build thereon, or on any Part or Parts thereof^ Houses, Eredtitftts and Buildings, of such Rate or Class, or respective Rates or Claftes of Buildings, upon such Plan and Elevation, or respe'dttve Plans and Elevations, of such Height or respective Heights, a*d with such Stories, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council aiTertib'fed, thalf fbkA proper, for any Term or Number of Years, to determine at or before the Expiration of Ninety riihe Years fry* and after the passing of this A so as there be reserved m every such Demise or'Lease such yearly Renter Rents, to be incident to the immediate Reversion of the Premises therein comprized, as to thi taid"Lorc| Mayor, Alderinen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall appear reasonable, and so that jh every such Deititfeor Lease there be contained a Covenant for the Payment of the Rent thereby to be, reserved* and such Other Covenants on the Part of1 the Tenant or Lessee therein*to be named, as the fmd Lord MayoK Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council aftenfibled, shall reifon^bly adrife Or require j arid ^so a Chwfo

in

A.rx^g^.

55* GEORGII III.

C.xci.655

in the Nature of a Condition of Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent thereby to be referred, or on Nonperformance of the Covenants therein to be contained on the Part of the Tenant or Lcffee, to be observed and performed; and that every such Tenant or Lessee shall give such good and sufficient Security for the erecting, Tejjpts, fcc.ta finishing and completing of every House, Erection and Building, which he shall covenant or agree to erect within*cunl* % the time in which he shall have contrafted to finish the fame, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall order and direct.

LII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the House6, Eneftionfiand Build- Corporation to ings to be erected and built as hereinbefore is mentioned, or any of them, shall be finished and completed, the fell Ground said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, and they are hereby autho- Rent*»nd Re-rized to sell and dispose of, or cause to be sold and disposed of, the Ground Rents to be reserved by the fjoufca corrt-Lease or Demise, or Leases or Demises, in pursuance of or in Consideration of which the fame Houses respect- prjze<j jn ively shall have been erected and built, and also the Reversion and Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession (subject to such Lease or Demise, or Leases or Demises) of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground therein demised, and such Houses and other Buildings thereon, either altogether or in Parcels, by Public Auction or Private Contrary for such Price or Prices, or Sum or Sums of Moneyas they the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think reasonable; and the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens shall, and they are hereby empowered and required at the Request, Costs and Charges of the Purchaser or Purchasers of the fame Premises respectively, upon Payment of tl»e Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given for the fame respectively, to the Chamberlain for the time being of the City of London, to convey and allure the Piece or Parcel of Ground, or Pieces or Parcels of Ground, so purchased by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, together with the Houses, Erections and Buildings then erected and builtthereon respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof with the Appurtenances, to such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, his, her or their Heirs and Assigns respectively, or as he or they respectively shall in that behalf order or direct, free from all Incumbrances whatsoever (except the Building Lease or Building Leases to be granted thereof by virtue of this Act), and that upon and after the Payment of the Purchase Monies of the said Premises respectively into the Chamber of the said City, the Receipt or Receipts in Writing of the Chamberlain of the said City shall be a sufficient and effectual Discharge, or sufficient ^ndeffectual Discharges, to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the Purchase Monies in such Receipt or Receipts exprdfed or acknowledged to be received, and that the Purchaser or Purchasers to whom the fame respectively shall be given, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication, or be in any wise obliged or concerned to fee to the Application of the Money in such Receipt or Receipts expressed or acknowledged to be received.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be received by the said Chamberlain from the said Sales hereinbefore directed to be made, and also the Rents (if any) which shall be received from the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground so to be demised as aforesaid, or any of them, until the same shall be sold, shall (after Payment of the Cost: 9 and Expences of the said Sale or Sales, which are hereby directed to be paid thereout) be applied in Aid of and in the same manner as the other Monies to be received by virtue of this Act,

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, Residue of shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, at the Option of the Postmaster General for the time Ground not laid being, either from time to time, as and when any Lands, Grounds and Hereditaments which are not to be into Streets cou-demised and sold as aforesaid, or to form Part of the said Streets or Ways, shall become vested in the said vey*d Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, by virtue of this Act, and nu cr ener# the Houses and Buildings thereon shall have been taken down, or after alliand singular the Lands, Ground

and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall be vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the Houses and Buildings thereon shall have been taken down as aforesaid, to grjwt, convey and assure all the Ground and Hereditaments to be vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, which shall not be to be demised and foltl> or form Part of the said Streets to be altered and widened and enlarged as aforesaid, unto His Majesty's Postmaster General for the time being, and his Successors for ever (who shall be, and is hereby for that Purpose made a Body Corporate, and shall have a Seal), but nevertheless in Trust for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, and upon no other Use, Trust, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, at such time or times, by such Deeds, Conveyances and Assurances, and in such manner as by the Postmaster General for the time being shall be reasonably devised or advised and required, the necessary Charges and Expences of such Deeds, Conveyances and Assurances to be defrayed out of the Money to be advanced for the Purposes of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be advanced and paid from and out of the Revenue of Money note*- the Poll Office, such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand ceding Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, as shall be necessary for answering and satisfying all the Purposes of this Act, and all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to or incurred in or abotit the obtaining and passing of this Act, or in any wise relating thereto, and of carrying the fame into Execution', -or in any wise relating thereto, the said Sum or Sums of Money as and when the same shall be wanted to be paid into the Chamber of London, by the Receiver General of the said Revenue by virtue of the-Warrants of the Postmaster General, such Warrants to be authorized by Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid from time to time into the Chamber of London, as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and

Commons,

Putdrafe Mantes xmt Rents ' to form Part of Fond.

2 4 yCool. ad-v.imred for Pur-jiofe* of Ash

Money appligd accordingly.

Corporation answerable in case of Misapplication.

Chamberlain to keep Account of Receipts and Disbursements.

Chamberlain of London to lay Account before Parliament yearly.

if'art of Money paid into Chamber repaid out cf Orphan's Fund with Interest

Corporation to execute Bonds for Annuities to secure Money.

Bonds aflbnabls by Indorsement, and executed to Chamberlain, and afiij'ned by him, and numbered.

Bonds delivered to Receiver General of Port Office, and lodged in Bank.

JYovifu.

ci. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Commons, in Common Council assembled, for or towards the Purposes aforesaid, and that no Part thereof shall be applied to or for any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Monies received by virtue of this Act shall be misapplied or converted to any other Use than the Purposes aforesaid, by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Common*, in Common Council assembled, or by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens for the time being, or any of their Officers, or any other Person or Persons acting under Colour of any Warrant, Power or Authority, by, from or under them, respectively, then and in such case the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, shall be answerable for the fame out of the Revenue of the said Corporation, in any A&jon or Actions to be brought by the Postmaster General for the time being, or any of the Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, claiming under or by virtue of this Act, or by the Executors, Administrators and Assigns of any such Creditors, which said Sum and Sums of Money so recovered shall be applied to the same Uses as the Monies so misapplied or converted should or might have been applied to if such Misapplication had not happened, except that the Cods of Suit shall be deduded and retained thereout in the first Place for the Benefit of him, her or them so suing.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That from time to time there shall be provided and kept, by the.Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, One or more Book or Books, in which all the Suni or Sums of Money which shall be received by virtue of this Act, shall from time to time, as the fame (hah be paid, be entered and set down, and wherein also all the Monies to be paid and disbursed out of the Sum or Sums of Money to be received shall from time to time be entered and set down; and such Entry shall express the time when, the Occasion for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom the fame respectively shall be paid.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London shall yearly lay before each House of Parliament a true Account of the Receipts and Application of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be received by virtue of this Act, and a Copy of every such Account shall be delivered by the said Chamberlain at the Office of the Secretary of the General Post Office.

LX. And be it further enacted, That a Sum of Money equal to One third Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid into the Chamber of London as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, shall be repaid by and out of and charged upon the said Fund called The Orphan's Fund\ over and above the several Sums of Money heretofore charged, and now remaining due thereon, together with Interest for the fame in the mean time, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence and be computed from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and to be payable Half yearly-

LXI. And be it further enacted, That, for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of Money and Interest, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, and they are hereby required at any time or times, after any Sum or Sums of Money shall be received by virtue of this Act, at the Request of the Postmaster General for the time being, to cause One or more Bond or Bonds, at the Option of the said Postmaster General, under the Common Seal of the said City, to be executed for Payment of an Annuity or Annuities, equal to the Amount of such Interest as aforesaid, on One equal Third Part of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been received as aforesaid (no such Annuity being less than Five Pounds) to commence from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and to be payable Half yearly, and to continue until Redemption thereof by Payment of the Principal Sum or Sums to the Amount or the Interest on which respectively after the Rate aforesaid, the fame Annuity or Annuities respectively shall be equal, and the necessary Charges and Expences of such Bond, Bonds or Securities, shall be defrayed out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bond or Bonds shall be assignable by Indorsement, and the Annuity or Annuities thereby respectively secured, shall be made payable to the Chamberlain of the said City, who shall forthwith indorse and deliver the same to the said Postmaster General for the time being, who is hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the fame, and in case more than One such Bond shall be executed as aforesaid, the fame Bonds shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bond or Bonds shall be delivered by the said Postmaster General to the Receiver General of the Revenue of the Post Office for the time being, and he is hereby Ye-quired to give a Receipt or Receipts for the fame respectively, and forthwith as and when the same shall be received to lodge the fame in the Bank of England, in the Name and to the Account of the Receiver General of the Post Office for the time being, to be delivered to him or to his Order in Writing, for the Purpose of receiving the Annuity or Annuities thereby secured, or the Principal Monies to be paid for the Redemption thereof respectively, and to be delivered to him for any other Purpose, by Warrant of the Postmaster General, authorized in Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and the said Receiver General for the time being shall accordingly from time to time, receive the said Annuity or Annuities, as and when the same shall become due, and also receive the Principal Monies to be paid for the Redemption thereof respectively when the same shall be payable; and he is hereby required forthwith to pay all the Sumo of Money to be received from time to time in respect of such Annuity or Annuities or Principal Monies into the Bank of England, " To the Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver General of the Post OfficePrQvided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General for the time being, in pursuance of any Warrant ojr Warrants of the Postmaster General for the time being, authorized by Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from time to time, and at any time or times, to take the said Bond or Bonds out of the Bank of England\ and to fell, dispose of and convert the fame into Money, in such manner as shall be thought most advantageous; and the Sum or Sums of Money to be produced by such Sale, Disposition or Conversion, shall be forthwith paid by \he said Receiver General into the said Bank of England to the Account aforesaid 5 and all Synw of Money

A.D. 18"i5*

55° GEORGII III.

C.xcL

paid into the Bank of England, as aforesaid, shall be applied in the same manner a a, and AaO Be considered Part of the Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund caHed The Orphan's Fund, shall be, and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable by virtue of this A A, subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Payment of Interest on the Principal Debts remaining due to the Creditors of the said City, and to the Payment of the several Annuities which are or shall be payable in respect of the several Principal Sums borrowed and raised upon the Credit of the said Fund, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in force.

LXV. And be it further eaa&ed, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, out of the future Surplusses of the said Orphan's Fund (after reserving so much Money as will be sufficient to satisfy the Interest payable from time to time to the Creditors of the said City, and aHo to satisfy the Annuitants and yearly Interest payable from time to time in respect of the several Principal Sums raised by virtue of or under the Authority of the several A Act of Parliament already passed for that Purpose, and now in force) the Annuity or Annuities charged by virtue of this A A, shall be paid from time to time as the same shall grow due, before any Part of such Surplusses shall be applied in Redemption of the Annuities, and the Payment of the Principal Sums already charged and then remaining secured upon the said Fund, and that the Residne of such Surpkmcs after such Payment as by this or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in Force, are or shall be directed to be made out of the fame, shall be paid and satisfied, shall from time to time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London (tfhich Order the said Court are hereby authorized and directed to make), or by the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, be applied towards the Redemption of all and Angular the Annuities by this A A charged ofi the said Fund in such Order and Course as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think fit.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London shall give or cause to be given Notice in the London Gazette of the Intention to redeem any Annuity or Annuities which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and shall annex to such Notice a Copy of this present Clause, and at the End of Six Calendar Months next after such Notice, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sum or Sums for which such Annuity or respective Annuities shall have been granted, together with a proportionate Part of the fame Annuity or Annuities respectively up to the Days of such Payment or Tender, to or for the Person or Persons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being in the Guildhall of the fame City, the Annuity or Annuities payable to such Person or Persons respectively shall cease and determine 2 Provided nevertheless, that such Person or Persons, at any time after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, and before the End of the said Six Calendar Months, shall, at the Expiration of Ten Days next after a Declaration in Writing of his, her or their Intention to receive the same mail have been delivered at the said Office (such Declaration being delivered between the Hour* ot Ten in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon), be paid at the said Office the Sum or Sums for which such Annuity or Annuities respectively shall have been granted, together with a proportionate Part of the fame Annuity or Annuities respectively, up to the Day expressed in Rich Declaration for receiving the fame, and such Annuity or Annuities respectively shall, upon the Day specified in such Declaration for Payment, cease and determine.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case, after all the Sum or Sums of Money to be received by virtue of this Act shall have been paid, and the Repayment of One third Part of the Monies advanced out cris the Revenue of the Post Office shall have been secured by a Bond or Bonds as aforesaid, any Surplus /Rail remain of the Sum or Sums of Money to be received by virtue of this Act, after effeAing all the Purposos hereinbefore mentioned, then Two equal Third Parts of such Surplus shall be paid to the said Receiver General of the Revenue of the Post Office for the time being, to be paid and applied in the same manner aB the Revenue of the said Post Office is applicable, and the remaining One equal Third Part of such Surplus /halt be appKed towards the Increase of and is hereby declared to be Part of the said Fund called The Orphan91 Fund, and shall be applied accordingly.

X.XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Surplusses of the said Fond charged with the Annuity or Annuities which shall be payable by virtue of this A A, shall at any time hereafter rove insufficient to pay the same, then and in every such case, and so often as the fame mall happen, the Sum which shall be wanting to complete the Payment of such Annuity or Annuities shall be advanced and paid put of the Chamber of the said City, and be made good and supplied out of the future Surplusses of Fund.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being shall enter in a ^ok or fcooks, to be kept for that Purpose, the Bond or Bonds, and Annuity or Annuities, to-be granted in pttrfuance of this A A, and all Assignments and Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the, Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of such Person or Persons as' shall from 'time to time be entitled to such Bond or Bonds, to which Book and Books all and every Person and Persons entitled to or interested in such Annuity or Annuities, shall at all reasonable times in the Day-time have Apee/W with free Liberty to inspeA the fame, without Fee or Reward.

Provided alwhys, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to*1 hr affect the Security of any of the present Creditors of the said Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens, ker or otherwise than is herein expressly directed and enacted.

LXXI. And Whereas the greater Part of the said Liberty ot Saint Martin le Grand will be laid into the said Streets or Ways, and cleared for the Site of the said New Post Office: And Whereas great Impedi-

ptents to the police of the City of London have been occasioned, and other Inconveniences arisen, in confe-

55 Geo. III. 4P*« quence

657

Orphan', Fund charged with Annuities.

Future Surpluses of Fund how applied.

Upon Notice of Redemption of Annuities, and Tender of Monies, Annuities to cease.

[Proviso.]

Surplus of Monies bow applied-

If Surpkifles of Orjdian's Fund insufficient for Annuities, Deficiencies paid ( out of Chamber of London.

Securities en-.tered in Books.

Act not to affest any of City's present Creditor*.

658 £.xcL

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand to form Part of City.

Persons not free of City may keep Shops in Saint Martin le Grand.

Court of Saint Martin le Grand not detlroyed.

Right of Dean and Chapter of Westminster to Escheats and Fine* preserved. Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand and new Post Office in Ward of Aldersgate within.

9 G.J- c. 13.

repealed. Liberty how paved, &c.

Arrears and Balances of Rates in Saint Martin le Grand, at Christmas next, paid to Cominiihoners of Sewers.

9 G. 3. C. 13.

Places united with Aldersgate within subject to like Rates, «cc. ss other Part of Ward.

quence of the said Liberty not being within the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said City, and it id

therefore expedient that it should become Part of the said City Be it therefore further enabled, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, or the Place now called the said Liberty, and the Houses, Hereditaments and Ground comprized therein, shall be and be deemed to be within and to form Part of the said City of London, to all Intents, Effects, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend to prevent any of the present or future Inhabitants of the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grandy who shall not be free of the City of London, from keeping Shops or otherwise carrying on their respective Trades or Business in the said Liberty, in the same manner as if the fame had not been made a Part, of the said City, without being liable to be sued for any Breach of the Custom of London, or to any Penalty, Hindrance or Disturbance whatsoever.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to destroy, or in any wise affect the Court of Error or Appeal, commonly called the Court of Saint Martin le Grand.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to destroy or affect the Right or Claim of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, to any Escheats, Fines or Amerciaments, to which they would have been by Law entitled in case this Act had not been made.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the Place now called the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grandy and the Houses, Hereditaments and Ground comprized therein, and also so many and such Parts of the Houses, Hereditaments and Ground comprized in the Schedule to this Act annexed, as are within the said Ward of Farringdon within, and situated between the North Side of Cheapside and oi Newgate Street aforesaid, the South Side of the said Place now called the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grandy the West Side of Foster Lane aforesaid, and the East Side of the said Street called Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth of December next after the passing of this Act, be and be deemed to be within, and to form Part of the Ward of Aldersgate wit bin y to all Intents, Effects, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXVI. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

1 intituled An Act for the better paving, cleanfngy lighting and watching the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand,

within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing ObJlruQions and

Annoyances therein f Be it further enacted, That the said last recited Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, except so far as relates to any Rates in Arrear, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and the said Place now called the said Liberty shall from thenceforth (except as is herein otherwise provided) be paved, cleansed, lighted and watched by the fame Commissioners, Trustees and other Persons, and in the same manner as the other Parts of the said Ward of Aldersgate within.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Rates and Duties payable in the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand which shall on the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, remain in Arrear or unpaid, or remain in the Hands of any Treasurer, Collector or other Person, shall be forthwith paid over to the Collectors of the Rates for paving, cleansing and lighting, in the said Ward of Aldersgate within, to be applied in like manner as such last mentioned Rates are applicable; and in case any Person shall refuse to pay any such Rates or Duties in Arrear to any such Collector or Collectors, the Payment of the same shall and may be levied and enforced by such Collector or Collectors in the like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame might have been levied and enforced by the Collectors thereof in the said Liberty in case this Act had not been made; and in case any such Treasurer; Collector or other Persons, in whose Hands any such Rates shall remain, shall refuse to account for and pay the same, then and in every such case such Treasurer, Collector or other Person, shall and may be compelled to account for and pay thej fame, in the same manner, and with the same Penalties and Punishment, as might have been put in Force for the like Purpose by the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, or otherwise, under the fame. Aft in case the fame had not been repealed; and no Security given by any such Treasurer or Collector shall be in any wise prejudiced or affected by this Act> but the Commissioners, Person or Persons, to whom the fame respectively shall have been given, shall enforce by means thereof any Payment or Payments to be made as aforesaid in such manner as the said Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London and Liberties thereof shall direct.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, all the Houses and other Hereditaments now situated in the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grandy and in that Part of the Ward of Farringdon within which shall become united to the Ward of Aldersgate within by virtue of this Act, and the Inhabitants thereof shall be subject (except so far as is hereby otherwise provided for) to the Rates and Assessments for Land Tax and paving, cleansing* and watching Rates, and all other Taxes and Rates whatsoever, which shall be assessed upon and directed to be paid by or in respect of the Ward of Aldersgate within, under the like Penalties and in like manner as the other Parts of the f me Ward; and the said Inhabitants, and all Persons committing Offences in the said Places hereby united with the said Ward of Aldersgate within respectively, shall be under and subject to the fame Regulations, Laws, Jurisdictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if they were Inhabitants of, or the like Offences were committed in, the said other Parts of the said Ward.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. 659

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common In future Orders Council assembled, shall, in the Order and Appointment of the Number of Watchmen and Beadles to be of Court of Com-kept in each and every Ward in the said City after the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing mon Council re-of this Act, and the Rates or Sums to be assessed and raised for that Purpose, and other Regulations ^Iterafio^2* relating thereto, to be made by them in this present Year, and every subsequent Year, in pursuance of an mad^byAa Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act considered. for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the City of London and Liberties thereof and 10 G* c-« for making more effcQual the Laws now in being for paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City, shall take into Consideration the Alterations to be made in the said Wards of Aldersgate within and Farringdon within by virtue of this Act, and make such Order and Appointment accordingly.

LXXX. And Whereas the Assessment or Rates for paving, cleansing and lighting made in the City of London, do not commence until the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year; Be it therefore further enacted, That there shall be paid and made for the Quarter of a Year from the Twenty fifth Day of Decern- Rate payable to her to the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the passing of this Act to the Collectors of the paving, Commissioners cleansing and lighting Rates in the Ward of Aldersgate within, by each and every of the Inhabitants of the Libert from said Place now called the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grandy who shall be assessed to, and pay, or ought to Dec/25, 1815, pay, a Rate or Rates on the said Twenty fifth Day of December next, by virtue of the said Act of the to March 25/ Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, such Rate, Assessment or Payment as shall be equal 1816. together with the Rate or Assessment for watching, to be paid by virtue of this Act by such Inhabitants for the fame Quarter of a Year, to the Rate or Rates which shall have been payable by the fame Inhabitants respectively, to the Collectors of the said Liberty for the Quarter of a Year from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, and that such Rate, Assessment or Payment, shall in all respects be considered a Rate or Assessment for paving, cleansing and lighting, in the City of London, and shall be recovered and applied in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as the paving, cleansing and lighting Rates shall be recoverable and applicable in the other Parts of the said Ward of Aldersgate within; and, for ascertaining the Amount of the Rates which ought to be paid in such Quarter of a Year as aforesaid, the Commissioners aft in g under the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December next9G« 3. c. 13. transruit or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Sewers, a Copy of the last Assessments and Rates made in the said Liberty to the Twenty fifth Day of December next, and the Alderman of the Ward of Aldersgate within shall transmit, or cause to be delivered, to the said Commissioners a Copy of the Assessments for the Watch Rate made on the Inhabitants of the said Place now called the said Liberty, to be made as aforesaid within Thirty Days after the Twenty fifth Day of December next.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of such Part of the Ward of Farringdon within Consolidated as shall be united to the Ward of Aldersgate within, shall pay and be liable and compelled to pay, the Rates oe. Rate paid in Assessments for paving, cleansing and lighting, assessed upon them respectively, up to the Twenty fifth Day Ffrringdon of March next after the passing of this Act to the Collectors of the fame Rates in the Ward of Farringdon within, in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made, and the said Wards rc 1 1* % had not been altered by virtue of this Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London and Alterations In Liberties thereof, in ordering and directing the Rates or Assessments for paving, cleansing and lighting to be Wards .confided laid and assessed in each and every of the said Wards from the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the passing ed, n Assessment of this Act, shall take into their Consideration the Alterations made in the said Wards of Aldersgate within and Rate°nfo ldated Farringdon within by virtue of this Act.

LXaXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any Assessments of wife annul, alter or affect the Assessments of Land Tax to the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the Land Tax not passing of this Act, but that the fame and all Arrears thereof up to the fame Twenty fifth Day of March, a1te^e^Tuntii1 shall be paid and collected in the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grandy and in the said Wards of arc

Aldersgate within and Farringdon within, in respect of the Houses and Buildings now situated within the same Places respectively, in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Land Tax for the City of London shall, Commissionm and they are hereby authorized and required, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the new I^oror^ passing of this Act, in ascertaining and Getting down the several Proportions of Land Tax which ought to b$ non* after ojth-charged upon every Ward or Division respectively of the said City of London, from such Twenty fifth Day March next. of March, shall take into their Consideration the Alterations made in the Wards of Aldersgate within and Farringdon within respectively by virtue of this Act, and shall accordingly charge the said Ward of Alderf gate within with the Proportion which would have been charged upon the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grandy and also with a proportionable Part of the Proportion which would have been charged upon the Ward of Farringdon within, if this Act had not been made, in addition to the Proportion which would have been so charged upon the fame Ward of Aldersgate within, and at all times thereafter the enlarged Proportion to be charged upon the Ward of Aldersgate within, and the reduced Proportion to be charged upon the said Ward of Farringdon within shall be equal to the Proportions which would have been charged upon the said Liberty and upon the said Two Wards respectively, in case this Act had not been made: Provided never- Prwifo. theless, that the Amount of the several Proportions to be charged upon the said Two Wards respectively shall not at any time exceed the Amount of the Proportions which might have been charged upon the said Liberty-£od the said Two Wards, if this Act had not been made.

4 Pa..... , ;LXXXV. And

66o

Compensation for Deticiencita in Ward Rates and Land Tax during Execution of Act.

Perpetual Compensation for Deficiencies of Ward Rates and Land Tax in Aldersgate within.

Compensation for Deficiencies in Land Tax and Ward Rates of Farrington within.

Oenpensation for Deficiencies in Parochial Rates in Saint Anne, &c.

C.xci. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

c LXXXV. And Whereas by reason of pulling down the Houses and Buildings aforesaid, in pursuance of

this Act, there may be Deficiencies in the Produce of the watching, paving, ckanfing and lighting Rates,

and the Land Tax within the Wards of Aldersgate within, Aldersgate without and Farringdon within,

and the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, until the same shall become Part of the said Ward of

Aldersgate within Be it therefore further enacted, That after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Houses and Buildings in the said Wards and Liberty respectively to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted the Possession thereof, in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be left at or affixed upon the fame Premises as aforesaid, and until the said New Post Office shall be completed and the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built in the said Ward respectively, as the same shall then be altered by virtue of this Act, on such Parts of the Sites of the Houses and Buildings to be taken down as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said new Poll Office, shall be completed and occupied, the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, pay and make good all such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall from time to time be deficient in respect of the Produce of the Assessment, for watching and paving, cleansing and lighting Rates, and Land Tax within the said Wards respectively, and in the find Liberty, until the same shall become Part of the said Ward as aforesaid, by reason or means of the Alterations arising from the Want of Occupiers in, or the taking down of the said several Houses and Buildings respectively, to be computed according to the Produce of such several or the like Rates and Assessments, as near as the nature of the case will admit in such Wards and Liberty respectively, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and the same shall be accordingly paid to the several Collectors of the said Rates and Taxes.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said new Post Office shall be eontoleted, and the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the Houses and Buildings to be taken down in the said Ward of Aldersgate within by virtue of this Act shall be completed and occupied, such Sum and Sums of Money shall, from time to time, and at all times, be paid out of the find Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office towards the Assessments of the Watch Rate and paving, ckanfing and lighting Rates and Land Tax within the Ward of Aldersgate within, which will be then enlarged by virtue of this Act, as would for the time being have been payable in respect of the said new Post Office, in case the fame had continued Private Property, and had been assessed as to the said Rates, at the fair Rent or Value at which the same shall be assessed or rated, not exceeding the yearly Sum of Four thousand two hundred Pounds of like lawful Money of Great Britain, and had oeen assessed as to the said Land Tax at the fair Rent or Value at which the same shall be assessed or rated, not exceeding the yearly Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds of like lawful Money, the fame respectively to be paid accordingly to the several Collectors of the said Rates and Tax, at the fame times and in the same manner as such Assessments respectively would have been payable.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the Whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the said Houses and Buildings to be taken down in the said Ward of Farringdon within (which will then be altered by virtue of this Act), as shall not be laid into the find Streets or Ways, shall be completed and occupied, such Sum and Sums of Money shall from time to time, and at all times, be paid out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office towards the Afieffmettts of the Watch Rate, and paving, cleansing and lighting Rates, and Land Tax, within the Ward of Farrmgdau within, as would for the time being have been payable, in respect of the said Houses and Hereditaments which shall be pulled down and the Sites thereof laid into the said Streets or Ways in the said Ward, in case the fame had continued standing, and had been afifeffed as to the said Rates at the yearly Rent or Value of Eight hundred Pounds, and as to the said Land Tax at the yearly Rent or Value of Seven hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, the same to be paid accordingly to the Collector or Collectors of the said Tax, at the fame times, and in the same manner, as such Assessments respectively would have been payable.

LXXXVIII. And Whereas by reason of pulling down the Houses and Buildings aforesaid? and making the Alterations aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, there may be Deficiencies in the Produce of the Church

Rates and Poor's Rates in the respective United Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John 1 Zachary, Saint Leonard Fojhr Lane and Chrid Church, and Saint Vedafl altos Fojhcr and Scant Michael

le Querne; Be it therefore further enacted, That after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Houses and Buildings in any of the said United Parishes respectively, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted the Possession thereof in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be left at or affixed upon the fame Premise6 as aforesaid, and until the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the said Houses and Buildings, in the said United Parishes respectively, to be taken down as aforesaid, as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said new Post Office, shall be completed and occupied, the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, out of the said Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, pay and make good all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall from time to time be deficient in respect to the Produce of the Assessments for Church and Poors Rates within such United Parishes respectively, by reason or means of the Alterations arising from the want of Occupiers in or the taking down of the said several Houses and Buildings fijuated in such United Parishes respectively, according to the Produce of such several Rates and Assessments respectively in such United Parishes respectively, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen to the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and the same shall be accordingly paid to the several Colkftors of the said Rates; and that from and after

the

55° GEORGII III.

C. Xci.

the whole of the said Houses and Building* intended to be ertfted in ewjr of the said United Pari (he* respectively as aforesaid shall have been completed and occupied, such respective Sums of Money shall be paid, out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office, towards the said Church and Poor's Rates, in the said United Parishes respectively, as would for the time being have been payable, in respect of the fame Houses and Hereditaments, in case the fame had continued Private Property, and had been assessed at the respective yearly Rents or Values, not exceeding in all the said Parishes the Sum of Five thousand Pounds per Annum, and not exceeding in each and every such United Parishes respectively such yearly Sum as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, within the Space of Three Years next after the passing of this Act, by a Deed or Writing under their Common Seal, declare to be the respective yearly Rate or Sum at which such Assessments shall be made in such United Parishes respectively; and that they the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall take into their Consideration in determining the yearly Rate or Sum at which such Assessments should be made in such United Parishes respectively, the proportionate Amount of the respective Assessments of the said Houses and Buildings in the said Parishes respectively from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen to the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the fame Sums respectively to be assessed or rated in the said United Parishes respectively to be paid to the several Collectors of the said Rates, at the fame times, and in the same manner, as the Assessments made on such Houses, Buildings and Hereditaments would have been payable.

LXXXIX. And Whereas by reason of pulling down the Houses and Buildings aforesaid, and making the Alterations aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, there may be Deficiencies in the Produce of the Church*Rates and Poor's Rates in the said Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate Be it therefore farther enacted, That after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Houses and Buildings in the said Parish, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted the Possession thereof, in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be left at or affixed upon the fame Premises as aforesaid, and until all the Houses and Buddings intended to be erected and built on such Part of the Site of the Houses and Buildings to be taken down in the said Parish as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways shall be completed and occu-pied, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, pay and make good all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall from time to time be deficient, in respect to the Produce of the Assessments for Church and Poor's Rates within the said Parish, by reason or means of the Alterations arising from the Want of Occupiers in or taking down of the said several Houses and Buildings situated in the said Parish, according to the Produce of such several Rates and Assessments respectively in such Parish, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and the same shall be accordingly paid to the several Collectors of the said Rates.

XC. And, for indemnifying the Rectors and Vicar of the respective Churches of the several United Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church, and Saint Vedast alias Fofter, and Saint Michael le Querne, wherein respectively several of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased as aforesaid, are respectively situate, and their respective Successors for the time being, against such Lossas might otherwise accrue to them respectively by reason of taking down the said Houses and Buildings, be it enacted, That after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the find Houses and Buildings in the fame United Parishes respectively to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted the Possession thereof in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, or in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be left or affixed upon the fame Premises as aforesaid, and until the whokr of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Parts of the Sites of the said Houses and Btnfdiiifgs in such United Parishes respectively to be taken down as aforesaid, as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said new Post Office, except such Houses and Buildings as may be erected between Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, and the Street aescribed in the Map or Plan hereinbefore referred to on the West Side of the said Site of the said new Post Office, shall be completed and occupied, the Tithes or yearly Sums of Money, or customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, charged respectively on such Houses or Buildings as shall be quitted as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, and all Arrears and growing Payments thereof, or annual Sums of Money, equal to the Loss in Tithes or Sums of Money or customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, which the said Rectors and Vicar of the said United Parishe* respectively may sustain by the Want of Occupiers in or taking down of such Houses and Buildings respectively, shall be paia out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, and also by way of Compensation ror the Loss which the said Rectors and Vicar respectively may sustain in Surplice Fees, such further annual Sum for every House in the fame Parishes respectively, which shall for the time being have been quitted by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, exceeding in Number the House or Houses (if any) which shall for the time being have been built and occupied in the lame Parishes respectively, on Parts of the Sites aforesaid, as is herein after mentioned; that is to say, in the said Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, the annual Sum of Twelve Sniffings and Six pence ifor every House, in the said Parishes of Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church, the annual Sum of Seven Shillings for every House, and in the said Parishes of Saint Vedaft alias Foster and Saint Michael le Querne* the annual Sum of Fourteen Shillings for every House, shall be paid and payable out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to the respective Rectors or Vicar of the said United Parishes respectively, and their respective Successors for the time being, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the 'Pouf most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in every Year; that is to say, the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December, "' by

661

Compensation for Deficiencies in Parochial Rates in Saint Botolph without Aldersgate.

Compensation for Tithes until Buildings taken down in Saint Anoc, &c.

£?.x cL

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Compensation to Rectors and Vicar.

by equal Payments in every Year, the first Payment thereof respectively to be made on such of the said Feaffc Days as shall first and next happen after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of such Houses or Buildings in such United Parishes respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall have quitted the same as aforesaid, together with all Arrears.

XCI. And, for indemnifying the Rector of the Uuited Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, the Rector and Vicar of the said United Parishes of Saint Leonard Foster Lane, and Chrifi Church, and the Rector of the said United Parishes of Saint Vedast alias Foster, and Saint Michael le Querns and their respective Successors for the time being, against such Loss as might otherwise accrue to him or them in respect of Tithes and Surplice Fees, by reason of taking down the said Houses and Buildings in the said United Parishes, and the Alterations intended by this Act to be made, be it further enacted, That immediately after the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the Houses and Buildings in the said United Parishes respectively, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said New Post Office (except such Houses and Buildings as may be erected between Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, and the Street described in the said Map or Plan on the West Side of the said Site), shall have been completed and occupied, there shall be paid or delivered in every Year unto the said Rectors and Vicar of the said United Parishes respectively, and their respective Successors for ever, at the Option of such Rectors and Vicars respectively, either the Sum of Money, or the Quantity of Wheat, or the Price thereof herein after mentioned; that is to lay, to the said Rector of the said United Parishes of Saint Anne and Saint John Zachary, the Sum of One hundred and five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain or Two hundred Bushels of good, clean, wholesome, marketable English Wheat, of the best Sort, or the Average Price thereof, for the time being, according to the London GazettCy published next preceding the Day on which Payment or Delivery shall become due respectively; to the said Rector and Vicar of the said United Parishes of Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church, the Sum of Ninety Pounds of like lawful .Money, or One hundred and Seventy two Bushels of such Wheat as aforesaid, or the Average Price thereof as aforesaid; and to the Rector of the said United Parishes of Saint Vedast alias Foster and Saint Michael It Querney the Sum of Forty five Pounds of like lawful Money, or Eighty fix Bushels of such Wheat as aforesaid, or the Price thereof as aforesaid; the said Sums of Money, Bushels of Wheat or Prices thereof respectively, to be paid or delivered to the said Re&ors and Vicar respectively, and their respective Successors for ever thereafter, at the Guildhall of the said City, for and in lieu of all Tithes and Surplice Fees, which may cease to become payable to them respectively by reason of the Alterations to be made in pursuance of this Act, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the Four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in every Year; that is to say, on the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of Jtinty the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December; the first Payment or Delivery thereof respectively to be made on such of the said Quarter Days as shall first and next happen after all the whole of the said Houses or Buildings in such United Parishes respectively (except as aforesaid) shall have been completed and occupied as aforesaid; and which Sums of Money, or Bushels of Wheat, or Prices thereof, shall be charged and chargeable upon and paid or provided out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Yearly Sums in lieu of Tithes herein* before provided and directed to be granted to the said Rectors and Vicar of the said United Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church, and Saint Vedast alias Foster and Saint Michael le Querney and their respective Successors, are hereby provided for them respectively, in respect only of such Houses and Buildings in the fame United Parishes respectively, the Sites whereof shall form Part of the Site of the said new Post Office, or be laid into the said Streets or Ways, and that when and so soon as any Houses and Buildings shall be erected on any Ground purchased or taken by virtue of this Act in the said United Parishes respectively, the same shall become liable to the Payment of Tithes, or customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, and the Arrears thereof (if any) which shall not be otherwise paid by virtue of this Act, in the fame maimer as if they had been erected and built before the passing of this Act, or this Act had not been made.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Houses shall be erected between Saint Martin le Grand and the said Street described in the said Map or Plan on the West Side of the said intended Site of the said new Post Office as aforesaid, then and in such case, the Annual Sums of Money, or Bushels of Wheat, or Prices thereof, made payable out of and charged upon the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office by virtue of this Act, to the Rector of the said United Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, and the Rector and Vicar of the said United Parishes of Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church (in which such Houses will be situate, and become liable to the Payment of Tithes, or customary Payments in lieu of Tithes), shall be and are hereby respectively diminished after the Rate of the Annual Sum of One Pound and One Shilling, or Two Bushels of Wheat, or the Price thereof as aforesaid, for or in respect of every House to be erected, as lastly hereinbefore is mentioned, which shall for the time being, have been completed and occupied in such United Parishes respectively,

XCIV. And, for indemnifying the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, Imprppriators of the Rectory and Tithes of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, their Successors, Lessees, Tenants and Assigns, against such Loss as might otherwise accrue to them by reason of taking down the Houses and Buildings in the said Parish, be it further enacted, That immediately after the Tenants of the Houses and Buildings in the said sTin^otclph ° Par^» or any or either of them, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted Pof-Alderf.; ate. session of the said Houses and Buildings, and until all the Houses and Buildings intended to be erected on such ^art of the Site thereof respectively, as shall be situated on the West Side of Aldersgate Street aforesaid, when 7 5t'altered

Houses rebuilt liable to Tithes.

If Houses built between Saint Martin le Grand and new Pod Office, Compensation to Rectors and Vicar of Saint Anne, &c. di-roimshed.

Compensation to

A.D. 181j. 55° GEORGII III. C.xci. 663

altered and improved in pursuance of this Act shall be'completed and occupied, the Tithes paid or payable respectively on such Houses and Buildings in the said Parish as shall be pulled down by virtue of this Act, according to the lad Assessment to the Twenty fifth Day of March last, until Houses and Buildings to be erected on such Part of the Site thereof as aforesaid shall be rebuilt and occupied as aforesaid, and A Arrears and growing Payments thereof, or an annual Sum equal to the Loss which the said Dean and Chapter, their Successors, Lessees or Assigns, may from time to time sustain by the taking down of such Houses and Buildings, shall be paid and payable out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, until all the fame Houses and Buildings in the said Parish, or the Site of the fame, shall be conveyed to His Majesty's Postmaster General for the time being, or laid into the said Street or Way in pursuance of this Act, and from and after such Conveyance shall be made and executed as aforesaid, the same shall be paid and payable out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office to the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, their Successors, Lessees or Assigns, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the Four moll usual Feails or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, on the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December, by equal Payments in every Year, the First Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Fcalts or Days as shall first and next happen after such Tenants so quitting Possession of such Houses or Buildings, or any Part thereof, together with all Arrears, and from and after any Houses and buildings shall be erected upon any Part of the Site of the Houses and Buildings or their Appurtenances, so to be pulled down within the said Parish, shall be occupied, the fame newly erected Houses, Erections and Buildings, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of Tithes and all other Payments and Duties to the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, their Successors, Lessees, Tenants s^nd Assigns of the said Rectory, in the same manner and at the fame Rates and Proportions, and with the like Remedies for Recovery in respect thereof, as all and every such new Houses, Erections and Buildings, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof, would have been liable to in case the fame had been erected and built before the l

passing of and otherwise than in pursuance of this Act, and this Act had not been made.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any One or more of the said present Houses Compensation to and Buildings at the Well End of Magpie Court, within the said Redlonr and Parish of Saint Botolph without Impropriators of Aldersgate, shall in pursuance of this Act be pulled down, and the Site of such House or Houses, or any Part of houses in *8* them, or either of them, or the Appurtenances thereof, shall be appropriated and used as the Whole or any chafed°so?Budal Part of the Burial Ground hereinbefore directed to be purchased, that then, from and immediately after the Ground. Tenants of the said Houses, Buildings and Premises, shall have so quitted as aforesaid, a perpetual Annuity or Annual Sum of Three Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be paid and payable, out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office, to the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, their Suc-oeffors, Lessees, Tenants or Assigns, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the Four most usual Feasts or Pays of Payment, in the Year; that is to say, the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of Junes the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December, by equal Payments in every Year; the First Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Feasts or Days as shall first and next happen after such Tenants shall have so quitted Possession, unless and until the said Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, shall charge the fame upon any Part of the Ground in the said Parish of Saint Botolph which shall be purchased or taken by this Act, and upon and out of such House or Houses or other Buildings as shall be erected thereon, which they are hereby authorized and required to do to the Satisfaction of the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, their Successors, Tenants and Assigns, Impropriators for the time being of the said Rectory and the Tithes thereof.

XCVI. And, for indemnifying the Parish Clerks of the several United Parishes of Saint Anne within All derfgate and Saint John Zachary, Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church, and Saint Veda/l alias Fo/lcr and Saint Michael le Querney and their respective Successors for the time being, against such Loss as might otherwise accrue to them respectively by reason of taking down the said Houses and Buildings, be it enacted,

That after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Houses and Buildings in the fame United Parishes Compensation toi respectively, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted the Possession thereof Parifo Clerks, for the Purposes of this Act, or in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be left or affixed upon the fame Premises as aforesaid, and until the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the said Houses and Buildings as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said new Post Office, shall be completed and occupied, the Annual Sum of Five Shillings for every House in the fame Parishes respectively, which shall for the time being have been quitted by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof as aforesaid, exceeding in Number the House or Houses (if any) which shall for the time being have been built and occupied in the fame Parishes respectively on Parts of the Sites aforesaid, shall be paid and payable out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act to the respective Clerks of the said Parishes respectively, and their respective Successors for the time being, clear of all Taxes and Deduc-

fionjs, at the Four moll usual Feasts or Days of Payment in every Year; that is to say, the Twenty fifth:

Eay of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth ay of December, by equal Payments in every Year, the First Payment thereof respectively to be made on such of the said Feast Days as shall first and next happen after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Houses,

Buildings or Tenements, in such United Parishes respectively shall have quitted the same as aforesaid, together fcith all Arrears; and from and after the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part! of the Sites of the Houses and Buildings in the said United Parishes respectively to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said New roil Office, shall have been completed and occupied, there shall be paid unto the said Parish Clerks respect-

wlji;

664 C. xci.

$* GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

Provilb that Refers, &c. shall not have greater Claims within Parishes.

Mayor, ftc. impowered to appoint Committees.

Persons interested not eligible on Committees.

iv$ly, and their respective Successora, the perpetual Annual Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say,' perpetual Sum of Fifteen Pounds to the Clerk of the United Parishes of Saint Amu within Aid* rfgate and Saint John Zachary, and his Successora for the time being; a perpetual Sum of Ten Pounds to each of the Two Clerks of the United Parishes of Saint Leonard Foder Lane and Christ Church, and their respective Successors for the time being; and a perpetual Sum of Five rounds to the Clerk of the United Parishes of Saint Vedafl alia* FojRcr and Saint Michael le Quern*, and his Successors for the time being; the said perpetual Annual Sums to be paid and payable forever thereafter, at the .Guildhall of the said City, out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the Four most usual Faafts or Days of Payment in every Year, the First Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Fcaft Days as shall first and next happen after the whole of the said last mentioned Houses and Buildings in such Parishee respectively shall have been completed and occupied as aforesaid.

XCVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to vary or alter the Rights of the said Redors* Vicar and Impropriators of the Rectory and Parifl\ Clerks of the said Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, Saint Leonard Fojber Lane and Christ Church, and Saint Vedaft alias Fojkn and Saint Michael le Querns, and Saint Botolfh without Aldersgate respectively, within the same Parishes respectively, or to subject the Inhabitants thereof respectively to any other Claims or Demands of the said Re&ors, Vicar or Impropriators and Parish Clerks respectively, than they respectively were heretofore lawfully subject unto.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from time to time to appoint One or more Com* mktee or Committees to manage and transact all or any of the Matters or Purposes which they the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby required to do, execute or perform, which Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall have such or so many of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council affena-, bled, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit or proper ta delegate to such Committee or Committees.

XCIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person, being a Member of any such Committee, shall be directly or indirectly interested or concerned m any Contract which shall be m^de or entered into by or on behalf of such Committee for or concerning any of the Works to be performed or done in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, every such £o*tract shall be void, and the Plerson who being a Member of such Committee shall be so interested or concerned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit respectively no Protection, E fib in or Wager of Law, or more than One' Imparlance shall be allowed.

C. And be it further enacted, That the Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall and mar, , and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to employ any fit Person or Persons, whether.free of the said City or not, in or about any of the Works, Matters or Things which they ftiali cause to be performed or done by virtue or in pursuance of this A A, and to contract for the doing and Performance of such Works, Matters and Things* or any of them, with any Person or Persons, in such manner as the said Committee or Committees shall think fit, and that no Person or Persons who shall be so employed or cpn-traded with, in, about or for any of the Purposes of this Act, nor any Person or Persons to be set to work by or under them or any of them, shall for any Act done or to be done in or about the Premises, be subject or liable to be sued for any Breach of the Custom of London, or for any Penalty inflicted by any Bye-Law of the said City.

Cl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous to the making of any such Contract, Notice giving Notices of shall be given in feme of the Daily Newspapers, that such Committee intend to make such Contract, and that Contracts. all p^fguj willing to engage therein, may make Proposals to the said Committee at a certain Time and Place

in every such Notice to be specified, and all Contracts made or to be made in consequence of such Notice, shall*speoify the several Works to be done, and the Price or Prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said Works are to be completed, together with the Penalty to be incurred in case of the Nonperformance thereof, and the same shall be signed by the Clerk for the time being of such Committee, as also by the Person or Persons con trading to perform such Works respectively, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be- kept for that Purpose by such Committee.

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, AL derraen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Committee or Committees as shall or may be appointed as hereinbefore is directed, and they are hereby authorized and empowered respectively from time to time to nominate and appoint such and so many Clerks and other Officers under them, as shall be necessary to be employed in or about the Execution of any of the Purposes aforesaid, and out of the Monies to he raiseaby virtue or in pursuance of this Act, to make such Allowances to the said Clerks and Officers respectively, for their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective Offices, as they shall think reasonable; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers, and other Persons whomsoever, concerned or to be concerned-in the Receipt of tl)e Money by this Act appropriated to the Purposes aforesaid, ccipt of Money before he or they shall be permitted to take upon him or them the Execution of any of the said Offices, shall be give ecunty. b*uid with fumcient Securities to the said Mayor and Cnmmonalty and Citizens, for the just and faithful

+2 Execu*

[Penalty.]

Persons not free of City may be employed by Committees.

Bire&ions for

Officer* appointed.

Officers concerned in Re-

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C.xci.

Execution of such Office or Employment, in such reasonable Sum or Sums as by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City shall be thought fit, having regard to the Trusts reposed or to be reposed in such Officer or Officers.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London, or other Officer or Person aforesaid, shall, after Receipt of any of the Monies aforesaid, divert or misapply the fame or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then such Chamberlain or other Officer, or Person or Persons aforesaid, so misapplying the said Money, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so misapplied, with full Cods of Suit, which said Forfeitures shall be recovered by the Postmaster General for the time being, or any of the Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, claiming under or by virtue of this Act, or the Executors, Administrators or Assigns of any such Creditors who shall sue for the fame by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

CV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, hinder or disturb any Person or Persons whomsoever, employed by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, in the Execution of any Part of this Act, every such Person shall, for any such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break down, deface or damage any of the Bars, Pods, Rails, Sheds, Carts, Engines, Materials for paving. Implements, Utensils or other Things whatsoever, which shall be the Property of or used by or under the Orders or Direction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, m Common Council assembled, in making and completing, or for the Purposes of the said Alterations and Improvements, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whom-soever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to ftffift in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to cause him, her or them to be conveyed before some Alderman of the City of London, and such Alderman shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, either by his, her or their own Confession, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, he, she or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to be applied for the Purposes of this Act a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and shall also make Satisfaction to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her or them done as aforesaid, and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeitures, and make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Alderman is hereby required to commit him, her or them, to any Gaol or Prison in the said City of London, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the time for which he, she or they shall have been so committed, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid,

CVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (if the manner of levying and recovering the fame is not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon due Proof of the Offences respectively, before any One or more Aldermen of the City of London, or Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place wherein the Offenders shall be or reside, or the Offences shall be committed, either by Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distrefe and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Aldermen or Justices, which Warrant such Aldermen or Justices are hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes; and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deduded, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when paid or levied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall be from time to time applied for the Purposes of this Act 5 and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Aldermen or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said City or County wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

CVIII. Provided*neverthelef8, and be it further enacted, That it.shall be lawful for the said Alderman or Aldermen, or Justice or Justices, from time to time, if they shall see Cause, to adjudge that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as the said Alderman or Aldermen, or Justice or Justices shall think fit, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons (not being a Witness or Witnesses) taking, Seizing or assisting therein, or any of them'j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Alderman or Aldermen, Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the case shall happen; that is to say,

55 Geo. III. 4 Q BE

665

Officers nUap. plying any of laid Monies.

[Penalty.]

Aflaokinf Officers, See,

[Penalty.]

Secoring Offenders.

[Penalty.]

ImprUbometit.

Penalties and Forfeitures how recovered and applied.

Imprisonment.

Informer may have Part of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Appeal.

Penalties militated.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

Provifa

Recognisance*

Proceedings not quathed for Want of Form.

Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions.

General KTue.

[Public Act.]

Treble Curts.

C.xcI 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

T*E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before C.D. One [or, Two, at the case may be] of the Aldermen

of the City of London, [or, Justices of the Peace for the County or City of as the

case may be'] [Specifying the Offence and Time and Place when arid where the fame was committed, as the case«may be] contrary to the Form of the Statute, made in the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty King George«the Third, intituled [Here set forth the Title of this Act], and I [or. We] do adjudge that he hath

therefore forfeited the Sum of [Here insert tie Penalty] or, shall be committed to

{Place of Imprisonment) for the Space of (Time of Imprisonment). Given under my Hand and Seal [or, «Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.*

CX. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Con vision or Warrant of Distress, or in the Appointment of the Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the said Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall happen to be done in making the said Distress, but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which he, she or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Costs, and no more, in an Action of Trespass or on the Case, at the Election of the Party or Parties so aggrieved.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Mode of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said City of London, within Three Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall arise, unless the same shall arise within Ten Days preceding such Sessions, in which case such Appeal may be brought at the Second Sessions after such case shall arise; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine such Complaint or Complaints; and shall and may, if they fee Cause by order of such Section, mitigate at their Discretion all or any Part of the Penalties or Forfeitures laid upon or incurred by the Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify or confirm the fame with such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and to levy by their Order or Warrant such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the same; and for want of sufficient Distress, to commit such Person or Persons to some Common Gaol in or for the said City of London, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs: Provided always, that the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall, and he, she or they are hereby required to give Notice in Writing of such his, her or their Intention of bringing or prosecuting such Appeal Fourteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall, before such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before One or more Alderman or Aldermen of the City of London in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Ten Pounds each, with Condition to prosecute such Appeal, and to pay all Costs in case such Appeal shall be determined against the Party or Parties so appealing.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or tranl-acted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty* Courts of Record at Westminster (except as hereinbefore is mentioned); any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every Action or Suit shall be laid, brought and tried in the County or City where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, may at his, her or their Election plead specially on the General Issue, and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuaqce and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days* Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other City or County than as aforesaid, then, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her or their Costs, in any other cases by Law.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

10

The

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Ho. on Mfei tad tailtfUga pin* Situation.

2 Paternoster Row

1 Ditto -

3 Cheapside - J

2 I Ditto - .j

I Ditto

57 Newgate Street

56 Ditto -

55 Ditto

54 Ditto - - j

148 Cheapside - - - j

*57 Ditto

61 a Newgate Street Horle Shoe Taveru, 1 Horse Shoe Passage J r

61 b Newgate Street - J I

62 Ditto

63 Ditto

64I 65I 34 Ditto - -1

St. Martin le Grand -

1 Round Court

2 Ditto

4} Ditto

T J 5 Ditto

6 Ditto

7 Ditto

8 Ditto St. Leonard's Church') Yard, Fofter Lane - J

9 Round Court

10 Ditto

11 Ditto

12 Ditto

f3 Ditto

H Ditto

Fieeholders.

Peter Stephens

Ditto -

Malcolm Dun nett Parish of St. Michael le Quern The Bishop of London Ditto -

n

i

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto Corporation of London The Governors of T Christ's Hospital \

Ditto - -1

Gilbert Burn

William Sowerby -

Qilbert Burn -1 Sarah Mitchell - > William Banniller j Bishop of London Ditto Dean and Chapter"} of Westminster J Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto Ditto -

- Ditto

Ditto -

Ditto -

T)itto

Ditto -

i

JLeaseholders.

Vaughan Griffiths

John Souter Vaughan Griffiths

Malcolm Dunnett

Malcolm Dunnett

Charles Kinder Elizabeth Matthews Frederick Cole Thomas Harris Captain Dowbiggen Captain Dowbiggen

Henry Pritchard

Ellis Shiplev Lobb John Kynaston Thomas Brown Charles Rogers John Epps -

Henry Baker

William Bradley

Charles Gatfield William Matthew

Benjamin Stephens

Samuel Smith William Newman Caleb Welsh Collins Caleb Welsh Collins

Charles Gatfield

Ditto John Leonard Thomas and Charle Jones Samuel Smith Mary Hood Samuel Smith

George Whitfield John Williams The Rector & Church wardens of Saint Leonard Ditto

Ditto

William Abud Ditto

Occupiers.

Arch. Hamilton and others.

John Souter.

Vaughan Griffiths.

Malcolm Dunnett.

Lawrence Ingram.

Charles Kinder.

Elizabeth Matthews. Frederick Cole.

Thomas Harris.

Empty.

Henry Pritchard.

Ellis Shipley Lobb.

Thomas Brown. 1 Part of a Charles Rogers. J SSe. John Epps.

Henry Baker.

William Bradley.

Charles Gatfield. William Matthew.

Benj. Stephens and Son.

Samuel Smith.

William Newman.

Empty.

Ann Lewis.

Charles Gatfield.

James Bill.

Elizabeth Stephens.

Thomas 5c Charles Jones. Mary Hood.

Empty.

Thomas Hacon.

William John Mill ward. Sarah Watkins. Elizabeth Bateman.

M'Lellam.

Elizabeth Flanders.

4 Q

No. on

HouCea anc Buildings Situation. Freeholders.

in the plan

*5 Round Court - Dean and Chaj )ter

of West min 11 er

16 Ditto Ditto -

*7 Ditto Ditto -

35 St. Martin lc Grand - Ditto -

1 New Rents - Ditto -

2 Ditto Ditto - t

3 Ditto Ditto -

Ditto Ditto - L

5 Ditto Ditto -

6 Ditto Ditto -

7 Ditto Ditto -

8 Ditto Ditto -

9 Ditto Ditto - L

10 Ditto Ditto -

11 Ditto Ditto -

12 Ditto Ditto -

*3 Ditto Ditto -

Eagle and Child AleO r

house, St. Martin le > Grand - - j Ditto -

37 St. Martin le Grand - Ditto - J

38 Ditto Ditto -

39 Ditto Ditto -

40 Ditto Ditto -

4i Ditto Ditto

42 Ditto Ditto -

43 The George Alehouse Ditto - r

44 St. Martin le Grand - Ditto - 1

45 Ditto Ditto r J

46 Ditto Ditto - " "1

47 Ditto Ditto -

48 7 49 J Ditto Ditto -

1 Dean's Court Ditto -

2 Ditto Ditto - V r

Leafeholdei s.

Occupier*.

1

John Currell William Abud Samuel Smith John Powell Michael Sheeres

- Wilson -

William Jeffery E. and P. Coxe -J. and C. Delafons

- BuchenoughJ

George Longftaff Edw. and Peter Coxe Ditto Hugh Thorp Kernot Edw. and Peter Coxe Ditto Ditto Ditto George Whitfield William Rogers Geary Sake Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto MeflieursDickenfon Co.

Geary Sake Rob.BennetThompfon Robert Holmes William Freeman Geary Sake Edw. and Peter Coxe / George Lee and Son J James Bullions - -7

Edw. and Peter Coxe ( Goodwin, Skinner, & Co.

Joseph Ventom John Lewis William Purser Barclay and Perkins Joseph and Edward Goodwin The Executors of the late James Wyatt, Esq.

Richard Knight and"' William Smith John Hillman John Roberts - — Marriott Mary Ford Stephen Stephens Matthew Peter Davies Robert Holmes Robert Coleman John Grant James Beveridge Henry Watts John Grant James Beveridge

Ann Read.

John Powell. Michael Sheeres.

William Jeffery.

George Longftaff.

Thomas Caney.

Joseph Cohen.

Hugh Thorp Kernot. Empty.

Edward Young.

Empty.

Herbert Fox.

Aaron Cohen.

Peter Smith.

Samuel Williams.

Hugh Price.

John Cannon.

Joseph Mortimer.

Rob. Bennet Thompson. William Freeman. George Lee and Son. James Bullions.

Thomas Smith.

John Lewis.

Chester Foulfham.

Joseph and Edward Goodwin.

Richard Knight. William Smith.

John Roberts.

Mary Ford.

Matthew Peter Davies.

Robert Coleman.

Henry Watts.

rrr Situation. Fr©#holders. Lttfeholderf. Occupiers.

Dean's Court - -{ Dean and Chapter 1 of Westminster 1 Thomas Rumball William Barret.

Ditto t Ditto - Philip Hitter -1 William Abud - J Philip Hitter*

5*Ditto Ditto George Hitter -7 William Abud -3 George Hitter.

5* Ditto Ditto John Marston - 7 William Abud - J Robert Ward.

6 Ditto Ditto Alex. Russel and Son Alexander Russel and Son.

7 Ditto Ditto William Abud John Godfrey Warner.

8 Ditto Ditto Ditto Robert Fish.

9 Ditto Ditto -! Henry Rider - - 7 Thomas Chanless -J Henry Rider.

10 Ditto Ditto f Samuel Evans - Samuel Evans.

William Abud John Martin*

1 Little Dean's Court Ditto William Abud Empty.

2 Ditto Ditto Ditto Hannah Leak.

3 Ditto Ditto Ditto Edward Wikey.

Ditto Ditto Ditto James Bird.

5 Ditto Ditto Ditto James Robin foci.

6 Ditto Ditto r Ditto Richard Gould -1 William Baker.

SO St. Martin le Grand Ditto a ElizaFrances Simmons > Nathan Israel.

1 Robert Fisher -J

5l Ditto Ditto Eliza Frances Simmons 7 Robert Fisher - - j Martha Hearn.

5* 53 Ditto Ditto Parish of St. Ann" and Agnes -1'Ditto - - David Bligh William Shepherd - David Bligh. William Shepherd and Son.

54 Ditto Ditto Henry Budd - -1 John Whitburn - J Henry Budd.

55 The Bell Alehouse Ditto Henry Meux John Bailey William Matthews - Elizabeth Sarah Langton.

5<5 St. Martin le Grand Ditto John Bailey. William Matthews.

57 Ditto Ditto

58 Ditto Ditto Mary de Grave Mary de Grave.

10 St. Ann's Lane Ditto John Connop - John Connop.

11 Ditto Ditto Henry Stobart Henry Stobart.

12 Ditto Ditto Benjamin Sims Benjamin Sims.

*3 White Swan Public House - Ditto Calvert and Co. Thomas Croxall.

St. Ann's Lane f Dean and Chapter'

H A of Saint Paul's &* John Diggens - John Diggens.

L Minor Canons

Ditto Ditto Elizabeth Prickett - Thomas, John, Sc Benja-

!5 - Ditto - Thomas, John, & Ben- min Towles

jam in Towles George Cromwell. 1

George Cromwell

16 Ditto : John Diggens - 1

- Ditto Thomas Smith Charles Drake.

Charles Drake

17 Ditto Ditto - Barber John Biden.

18 17 Ditto FofUr Lane Ditto - James Payne - -7 Rev. John Moore -J James Payne.

18 Ditto Ditto. Meriton - John Biden.

20 1 Ditto Bell Square Ditto Goldsmiths' Com* f Thomas Sawyer Thomas Sawyer.

2 S pany - John Hall John Hall.

3 Ditto Ditto - Sawyer and Hall - Henry Mills. Hannah Sherborn.

Ditto - Rev. John Davies '{ George DarlingWarne 7 Edmund Wame - J James Sharp.

C.xcL 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

No. on -

Koofea and lot idiot* Situation. Freeholders. Leaseholders. Occupiers.*. V

In the plan. i

S Bell Square Rev. John Davies - Robert Fiftier Robert Fisher.

6 Ditto - -1 Parish of St. Ann 7 and Agnes - J Ditto John Whitburn -J John Theobalds.

7 Ditto - Ditto James Leverton.

8 Ditto Ditto -^Samuel Bellingham -7 Hefary Stobart-J Samuel Bellingham.

9 Ditto Ditto Cornelius Rich Cornelius Rich

10 Ditto Ditto -^Executors of the late 7 William Nunn -J James Swetman.

11 12 Ditto - - 7 Ditto - - J Augustus Brown — Humphreys Brook 8 Alice Latham. John Allen.

21 Fofter Lane - J Francis and Eliz.7 William Brown William Brown.

Piercy - j William Blundftone.William Blundftone.

22 Ditto' Augustus Brown - Thomas Brind.

*3 Ditto Ditto Augustus Brown.

H Ditto Ditto Isaac Kellett.

White Hart Alehouse -^Dean and Chapter f of Westminster \ William Whitehom -7 William Abud - j William Whitehom.

28 Fofter Lane - Ditto -1 William Anderson - 7 William Abud - j William Anderson.

i a George Street Ditto«William Billinghurst .- Susannah Jaques.

1 b Ditto Ditto -^John Jaques -7 William King -V Thomas Wick - J John Jaques. William King.

Blue Anchor Alehouse Ditto.I George Oakly - 7 Thomas Wick - j George Oakly.

George Street v Ditto -1 William Guthrie - 7 John Hillman - j James Williams.

5 Ditto Ditto -1 Thomas Habgood -7 William Abud - j Thomas Habgood.

Ditto f Thomas Habgood -7

6 Ditto - J John Herbert - > William Abud - j John Herbert.

Ditto

7 8 Ditto f George Elies Thomas Habgood -1 George Elies.

Ditto

Ditto - J William Abud - v William Davies -J William Davies.

9 Ditto Ditto - George Archer -7 John Hillman -J George Archer.

10 Ditto Ditto William Edwards William Edwards.

11 Ditto Ditto -1 John Marston -7 William Abud -J John Marston.

1 Mould Maker's Row O r John Land Mary Gurney.

2 Ditto - - V Ditto -J Beveridge - p William Garland.

3 Ditto - - 3 1 John Grant -J Mary Medcalf.

Ditto Ditto John Hillman Frederick Otto.

5 Ditto Ditto -1 Samuel Sherman -7 Thomas Wick - j Thomas Coste.

6 Ditto Ditto Richard Dixon Richard Bagwell.

8 Ditto Ditto -1 John Mayne -7 John Tanner -J John Mayne.

Hoop & Falcon Alehouse Ditto John Tanner Morris Griffiths.

IO (3 Mould Makers' Row - Ditto - 1 ' William Piper -7 William Piper.

IO b Ditto Ditto John Hillman -J Ditto.

11 Ditto Ditto William Guthrie -7 John Hillman -J George Clarke.

12 Ditto Ditto - Abraham Beard -7 John Grant -J Abraham Beard.

*3 Ditto Ditto Joseph Page Joseph Page.

29 Fofter Lane Ditto John Hillman Hillman and Bacon.

30 Ditto Ditto Ditto John Hillman.

3i Ditto Ditto Ditto - - £ James Crookey. John Holme.

No. on (Yoafn ud Balldia«la Lh* plan

Situatioa.

Freeholders.

Leaseholders.

Occupiers.

34

35

36

37

38

39 407

+Ic

&c.J

1761

177)

17.8

>79

I

1

2

3

4

5

1

2

3

4

1

27

a

8

Fofter Lane

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Aldersgate Street

Ditto

Ditto

Magpie Court

Ditto Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto Ditto Upper Magpie Court Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto The Nag's Head Pub lie House

Saint Martin le Grand

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Bull and Mouth Street

Ditto

Saint Martin le Grand Ditto

Dean and Chapter I of Westminster 1

Henry Hoare -

Charles Corbould -

Samuel Wright Richard and Geo. l Knight, Grocers' > Company -J

Dean and Chapter*) of Westminster 3 Governors of \

Christ's Hospital 3 Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Corporation of London Ditto

Christ's Hospital

Ditto Corporation of London

Governors of Christ's Hospital

Ditto

Ditto

i

1

Ambrose Welchman Clement Pool John Stirtevant William and James Lowndes and Co. John Kefterton

Henry Evans John Land

R. and G. Knight

William Lloyd Robert Fisher

Lawrence Dorgan

William Bofher William Bruce John Chettle John Newberry Joseph Bryant John Chettle Ditto John Hume William Matthews John Hume John Chettle John Chettle Ditto William Matthew Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

Thomas Burleigh

Thomas Reynolds John Wood Thomas Reynolds John Norminton William Todd William Todd Jof. and Charles Dela fons Sarah Goddard

- Barber

John Long Henry King Robert Bedford John Long

Ambrose Welchman.

William and James Lowndes & Co. Dennis Gardner. Charles Corbould. James and Card. Thomas Duplock

Richard and George Knight.

William Lloyd.

Lawrence Dorgan. William Bofher.

John Silvanus.

Thomas Crew.

Hucan Hewett.

John Hume.

Thomas Williams.

William Hart.

Richard Ellis.

John Hawkins. Thomas Lewis.

James Pratt.

John Statham.

Samuel Knight.

Henry Twelvetree.

James Waugh.

Thomas Reynolds.

John Norminton.

William Todd.

Jof. and Charles Dela-

fons.

Sarah Goddard.

Henry King.

Robert Bedford.

Cap.

A.D. 1815.

67* C.xciijXciii. 55° GEORGII III.

Cap. xctt.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds and Marshes, and other Lands and Grounds lying in thp Parishes of Wormcgay* Shouldham* Mariam* Middleton, Pentney* Winch and West

Bilney, in the County of Norfolk.

[28th June 1815.]

4*5 P>*M.

c. 5. ft6-

59 Elis. C. 20.

8 ft9W. 3. o. 9.

z 0.1. Stst. a*15.

5 & 6 W.ft M* c. xo.

7 G. 3. C. 37.

x8 0.3. c. 48.

18 G. 3. c. 49.

18 G. 3. c. 50.

48 G. 3. c. 51.

x8 G. 3. c. 67.

Cap. xciii.

An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London* to provide convenient Courts of Justice in and for the said City.

[28th June 181^.3

WHEREAS the Sittings of His Majestjr's Courts of King* Bench and Common Pleat* in and for the City of London, are now held in certain Apartments in the Guildhall of the said City, which are inconvenient for those Purposes: And Whereas the Court of Requests in and for the said City is now held in Guildhall Chapel'* formerly called The Chapel of Saint Mary Magdalen* or All Saint* situate on the East Side of Guildhall Yard* in the said City, and adjoining on the North Wed Corner thereof to the Guildhall aforesaid t And Whereas it is expedient that convenient Buildings should be provided for the Sittings of the said Courts of King* Bench and Common Pleas* in and for the said City, and for a Court of Requests for the said City, and Part of the Sites of Guildhall Chapel aforesaid and Blackwell Hall* on the East Side of Guildhall Yard aforesaid, will be a convenient Situation for the Erection of such Buildings: And Whereas the said Chapel is much decayed, and Divine Service bath not been performed therein for many Years: And Whereas Blackwell Hall aforesaid is a Market for Cloths, and hath been regulated by the fereral Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, an Act made and passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary* intituled An Act touching the making of Wooding Cloth*; another*Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth* intituled An Act ageunfithe deceitfulfiretching and tentering of Northern Cloths; another Act made and passed in the Eighth and Ninth*Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act to refiore the Market at Blackwell Hall to the Clothiers, and for regulating the FaSors there; and another Act made and passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to make an Act of the Tenth Year of Her late Majesty* intituled An Act for regulating* improving and encouraging of the Woollen Manufacture of*1ixed or medley Broad Cloth, and, for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein* more effeSusd far the Benefit of Trade in general; and also to render more effectual an Act of the Seventh Year of Her fold Majesty* Reign, intituled An Act for the better ascertaining the Length* and Breadth of Woollen Cloth* made in the County of York: And Whereas the said Market at Blackwell Hall hath been entirely discontinued for many Yean, and the Warehouses and Buildings belonging thereto are falling into Decay: And Whereas Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid, or fudbi Parts thereof as belong to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, together with all other the Markets, Lands and Hereditaments of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, are charged with the Payment of certain large Annual Sums of Money towards*the Fund called The Orphant* Fund* for Payment of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, by the several Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Orphan* and other Creditors of the City of London; another Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for completing the Bridge crof* the River Thames, from Black Friars in the City of London to the oppositt Side, in the County o/* Surry, and the Avenue* thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Toll* on the said Bridge and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River within certain Limits* and for further continuing towards those Purposes the Imposition of Six pence- per Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm imported into the Port of the said City* efiaUifhedhy an Act of the Fifth and Sjfcti fears of the Reign of William and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Libertie* 4 of Westminster and Parishet adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned'; Ten other Acts made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen and Common* of the City of London, in Common Council efsembled* 4 to raise upon the Credit of the Surpluses to arift out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphan?' Fund, the Sam of Forty thousand- Pound* toward* the aifcharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding tbf Gaol of Newgate and a Sessions House adjoining, and for completing toe said Gaol* and building an Infirmary thereto; and other the Purposes therein mentioned; An Act for applying the Sum of One thousand Pquads* to arise put of the Surpluses of a certain Fund* commonly called The Orphans' Fund, for the Purpose of opening Communi- cation* between Wapping Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, within the Parishe* of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; An Act for applying the Sum of One Thousand Five Hundred Pound* to arise out of the Surplus of a certain Fupd* commonty called The Orphans' Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the County of Middlesex; An Act for applying the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds* to arise out of the Surpluses of a certain Fund commonly called The Orphans' Fund, towards completing the Paving of the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surry; An Act for authorizing the Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to fell the present Session House for the said County* and for enabling them to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation* and to keep the fame in Repair- and for applying the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds (to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surpluses of a 4 certain Fund* commonly called The Orphans' Fund) towards defraying the Expence oj building the said 15 Session

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C'.xciii. 673

Session House; An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in G. 3, c. 71.

Common Council assembled, to make a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chiswell Street, towards the

East, into Bishopfgate Street, and also from the East End of Chiswell Street, Westward into Barbican, and

to raise upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain Fundy commonly called The Orphans* Fund,

c the Sum of Sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds for such Purbofe; An Act for ercding a Building for holding 18 G. 3. c. 72.

the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in

Westminster, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace,

and transading the other Public Business of the said City and Liberty, and for appropriating Part of the

Surplusses of The Orphans* Fund towards defraying the Expence thereof; An Act for paving the High 18G. 5. c. 73.

Street, or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Alaerfgate, London,

4 to the Turnpike near the End of Goswell Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be raised upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans* Fund, for such Purpose; An Act for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise 18 C. 3. c. 78.

out of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans* Fund, for the Purpose of making a

Passage for Carriages from Spital Fields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex: and An Act 18 G. 3. c. 8*.

for widening and improving a certain Avenue, called Dirty Lane, and Part of Brick Lane, leading from

Whitechapel to Spital Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving Dirty Lane, and also the East Side of Petticoat Lane, from Whitechapel High Street to Wentworth Street, the said Avenue called Wentworth Street, from thence in one continued Line through Old Montague Street, Chapel Street and Prince's Row, to Baker's Row, inclujive, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame, and for removing all Objlrudions and Incroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; Two other

Acts, made in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for widening and 35 GJ 3. e. tit. 4 improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or

Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of The Orphans* Fund a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and An Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New Bridge Street, Black Friars, in the City 35 G. 3. c. ijt.

of London, or making a new Sewer instead of the defective Part or Parts thereof and for maintaining and

cleansing the fame; another Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's 39*400. j.

Reign, intituled An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts c*

passed in the Thirty fifth and Thirty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of The Orphans* Fund a Sum of Money for those

Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts; another Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of 44 G. 3. c.ixriu ' the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making 4 a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of The Orphans* Fund certain Sums of Money for those Purposes, and also for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts; another Act, made and passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising an additional 5* C. 3. c.cciii.

Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising Money on the Credit of The Orphans* Fundfor these Purposes, and for extending the Powers of the said Acts; and 52 G. 3.

Three other Acts, made and passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act c- clxxxiii.

for increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering and repairing Black Friars Bridge; An 52 G. 3. x. ccit.

Act for building a new Prison in the City of London, for removing thereto Prisoners confined under Civil Process in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate,

and for converting the Building now containing the said Two Compters and Ludgate into a Gaol for Criminals in the said Two Compters, and into a House of Correction for the said City of London 5

and An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to improve and 52 O. 3. c, ccx,

grant Building Leases of the Ground in Moorfields; also to fell all the Ground comprized in such Leafis when impoved, and to apply the Produce thereof towards increasing The Orphans* Fund: And Whereas the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens are desirous to be empowered to purchase such Parts of*4

Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid as do not now belong to them, and to erect and provide

convenient Buildings for the Sittings of the Courts of Kingys Bench and Common Pleas in and for the said

City of London, and for a Court of Requests for the said City, upon Part of the Scites of Guildhall

Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid, and to be empowered, for defraying Part of the Costs and Expences

thereof, to grant Building Leases of any Part or Parts of the said Scites which may not be required for the 'f

aforesaid Purposes; . to fell the Ground Rents to be reserved by such Leases and the Reversion and

Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Premises to be therein respectively comprized, freed and discharged from the said Annual Payments towards the find Fund, called The Orphans* Fund: But inasmuch as the fame, - ,

cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of 4*5 the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Acts of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the c*5*$

Reign of King Phi/ib and Queen Mary (a), the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (a), the 39 Ehz. c. 20.

Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and the First Year of the Reign 3.C. 9.

of King George the First, shall, so for only as relates to the said Market of Blackwell Hally and the Scite iG. i.Stat. 2. thereof, but not further or otherwise be, and the same are, hereby repealed; and the said Market, and the c. 15.

Off>ce of Keeper thereof, and the Tolls and Profits of the fame, and all the Public and Common Uses and Market,c. to

(a) [Wholly repealed, 49 G. 3. c. X09. § I.] ccal'°*

Qeq. XU- R purposet

674 dicin'.

55° GEORGII IIt

A.D. 1815.

Corporation empowered to purchase Bbckwell Hall.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell and convey, fee.

Batisfaction

Bargains and Sales to have Force of Fines and Recoveries,

Application of Compensation, when amounting to, a c cl.

Purposes to which the Scite of the said Market, or any Part thereof, is now subject by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, or by Law, Prescription or Usage, or otherwise howsoever, shall cease, determine and be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to treat and agree for the Purchase of Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid, and the Warehouses, Buildings and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, and of any subsisting Leases, Terms, Estates and Interests therein or Charges thereupon, or such Parts thereof respectively (not belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens) as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think proper.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Pfersons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts or Wards, whether Infants, IiTue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever; and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seized, possessed of or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or Interest therein, and to and for all and very other Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized, or possessed of or interested in Guildhall Chapel or Blackwell Hall aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Term, Estate, Rent Charge or Interest therein, which, or Part of which, by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be thought proper to be purchased, to contract for, sell and convey the fame, and every or any Part thereof, to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and that all Ctintra&s, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances, Acts and Deeds, which shall be made by such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Tnifteeor Trustees, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever $ and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, so con trading or conveying, as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which he, she or they, or any of them, shall respectively make by wtne or in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate* Trustee enr Trustees, and other Person or Persons hereinbefore capacitated to contract for, sell and convey Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hally or such Part or Parts thereof, or any such Tenements, Rents, Estates or Interests therein as aforesaid, and any other Owner or Owners thereof, may accept and receive such Satisfaction or Recompence for the Value thereof as shall be agreed upon between them respectively and the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council'assembled.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyances of the Estate or Interest of any Feme Covert to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delir vered by such Feme Covert in the Presence of and attested by Two credible Witnesses and duly acknowledged, and to be inrolled in the Court of Hustings of the City of London or in the High Court of Chancery, within Si* Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do if levied and suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of Guildhall Chapel or Blackwell Hall aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Terms, Estate, Rent or Interest thetem which shall be purchased or taken by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in the Law to all Intents and Purposes as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons seized of any Estate in Trust for such Bargainor or Bargainors in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Hereditaments or Premises, purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act, which shall belong to any Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or Cejluiefue Trusts, or to any Person whose Hereditaments are limited in ftn& or other Settlement, or td any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, Such Money shall in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies, who would have been entitled to the Ren^s and Profits of the said Premises, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid anecting the fame Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or affecting other L^nds, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect, and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall.

AJXi$45. S3* GEORGII III. iii 675

by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean time and until the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies, who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settle* ment were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Here- Application

ditaments or Premises belonging to any Corporation or any Person or Persons under any Disability or where Com pen-Incapacity as aforesaid, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which shall exceed or 200°iullVuiU be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Pecfon 20i '.

or Persons, Body or Bodies, for the time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, '1

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respediTe Hands to be paid in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed/or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies making such Option and be approved of by the said Lord Mayor for the time being (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery. '

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so to be paid as aforesaid, shall be less than Application Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons, Body where

or Bodies, who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Premises so ptffi- le^lha, aoL chafed as aforesaid, in such manner as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively. 5*'

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Court of Chin- Body or Bodies, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons entitled to any Hereditaments or Premises to eery m*y order* be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid ^nw^of Pur" into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chan* Jb*f« tobe*1*" eery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like paid

Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expenots of all.1

Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court .*

shall deem it reasonable, to be paid by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, who shall from time to' "*'

time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of Common Coun-the City of London, in Common Council assembled, by themselves. their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Servants c'* enjJ*!"ered and Workmen, to pull down, or enufe to be pulled down, Guildhall Chapel aforesaid, and Blackwell Hall Gui'ldhallChape aforesaid, or the Warehouses and Buildings thereunto belonging (or such Parts thereof as belong ter the said rmd Blackwell Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or shall be purchased as aforesaid), or such Part thereof -respectively, us Hall.

the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think necessary or proper to be pulled down.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, Common Cousin Common Council assembled, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Servants and Workmen, to ciI empowered erect, finish and complete on the East Side of Guildhall Yard aforesaid on such Part of the Sites of Guildhall Gourtst^Justice Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to be par- &c.UonSsites of*chaled as aforesaid, as they shall judge most convenient, proper Buildings and Apartments for the Sittings of Guildhall Ctape His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas in and for the said City of London* and for a Court and Blackwell of Requests in and for the said City, with necessary and convenient Rooms and Offices thereto respectively, Ball, according to such Plan and in such manner as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Pommou

Council assembled, shall judge proper; and also to erect such other Buildings for transacttng any Public Business of the said City of London, and to make such Avenues, Ways or Streets, in, upon or over the said Sites, or any Part thereof, as to them the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council>aflietnbled, : flioli seem expedient. j

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Two Monuments or Tombs erected or placed on oc'against Two Menu-the Walls in Guildhall Chapel aforesaid, shall be removed from the said Chapel into and be placed and fixed, in in

the Parish Church of Saint Lawrence Jewry, in the said City of London, at the EXpeace of the said Mayor na^v^ xt- and Commonalty and Citizens, in such manner as the Lord Bishop of London for the time being, or futh churth of St. Person as he shall appoint for that Purpose, shall direct, and that lthe Sum of Twenty Pounds (haS be paid Lawrence by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to and accepted by the Chnrchwardfens of the said Parish df Jewry.

Saint Lawrence Jewry as and for the Fees or Dues for putting up the said Monuments or Tombs in the said Church, '

*- 4. R i XIII. Pro-

' '" - - y 1

6y6

Pav fiuent and Wall* of Guild-hall Chapel not difltorbed.

Corporation empowered to grant Building Leases of any Part of Re€dile of Site#.

A

Corporation empowered when Houses are built to fell Ground Rents and Re* eeifiom.

Common Council eni powered to use, &c. old Mawruls.

Gxdii. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1Bij.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Stone Paveaaeet or Floor extending all overther internal Part of Guildhall Chapel aforesaid, and the Grave Stones contained therein or forming Parts thereof, and also such Parts of the Walls of the said Chapel or the Foundations thereof as lie below the Level of the said Pavement, shall not, nor shall any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, be taken away or removed for the Purpose of digging Foundations or making Drains or Sewers, or any other Cause or Thing whatsoever, h being hereby expressly declared, that the Graves and Vaults under the Pavement of the said Chapel shall not be opened or disturbed, and that all the Works by this Act authorized to be done upon the Site of the said Chapel shall be executed upon, over or above the said Pavement,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, and they are hereby authorized and required at any time or times after the passing of this Act, by an Indenture or Indentures under their Common Seal, to demise and lease any Part or Parts of the Sites of Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid, now belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to be purchased as aforesaid, which shall not be required for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, and which the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think proper to be sold (freed and discharged from the said Annual Sums of Money payable thereout towards the Orphans' Fund aforesaid), either altogether or in Parcels, to any Person or Persons who shall erect and build, or covenant and agree to erect and build on the fame, such Houses, Erections and Buildings, of such Rate or Class, or respective Rates or.Classes of Buildings, upon such Plan and Elevation, or respective Plans and Elevations, of such Height or respective Heights, and with such Stories, and to lay out and appropriate such Part of the Premises to be comprised in any such Demise or Lease, us and for a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens, to any House or Houses, or other Buildings, or for a Way or Way*, Sewer or Sewers, for the Convenience of the Lessee or Lessees, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the fame Premises, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall fix and agree upon, and shall be mentioned in such Demise or Lease respectively, for any Term or Number of Years, to determine within Ninety nine Years from and after the passing of this Act, so as there be reserved in every such Demise or Lease such Yearly Rent or Rents to be incident to the immediate Reversion of the Premises therein comprised as to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall appear reasonable, so that in every such Demise or Lease there be contained a Covenant for the Payment of the Rent thereby to be reserved, and such other Covenants on the Part of the Tenant or* Lessee therein to be named, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or their Counsel in the Law shall reafooably advise or require; and also a Clause in the nature of a Condition of Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent thereby to be reserved by the Space of Thirty one Days, or on Nonperformance of the Covenants therein to be contained on the Part of the Tenant or Lessee, and the Tenant or Lessee shall give such good and sufficient Security for the erecting, finishing and completing of cvdfy House, Erection and Building which he shall covenant or agree to erect within the time in which he shall have contrafted to finish the fame, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall order and direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Houses, Erections and Buildings, to be erected and built as lastly hereinbefore is mentioned, or any of them, shall be finished and completed, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorized to sell and dispose of, or cause to be sold and disposed of, the Ground Rents to be reserved by the Lease or Demise, or Leases or Deraifes, in pursuance of or in consideration of which the fame Houses respectively shall have been erected and built, and also the Reversion and Inheritance thereof, in Fee 'Simple in Possession (subject to such Lease or Demise, or Leases or Demises), of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground therein demised, and such Houses and other Buildings thereon, either altogether or in Parcels, by Public Auction or Private Contract, to any Person or Persons, for such Price or Prices, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think reasonable; and the said Major and Commonalty and Citizens shall, and they are hereby empowered and required* at the Request, Costs and Charges of the Purchaser or Purchasers of the fame Premises respectively, upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given for the fame respectively to the Chamberlain for the time being of the said City of London, to convey and assure the Piece or Parcel of Ground, or Pieces or Parcels of Ground, so purchased by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, together with the Houses, Erections and Buildings tl^n erected and built thereon respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, with the Appurtenances, to the Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, his or their Heirs and Assigns respectively, as he or they respectively shall in that, behalf order or direct, free from the Annual Sums payable towards the Orphans' Fund aforesaid, and all other Incumbrances whatsoever (except the Building Lease or Leases to be granted by virftie of this Act); and that upon and after Payment of the Purchase Monies of the said Premises respectively Into the Chamber of the said City, the Receipt or Receipts in Writing of the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, or his known Deputy or Clerk, shall be sufficient and effectual Discharge, or sufficient and effectual Discharges, to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the Purchase Monies in such Receipt or Receipts expressed or acknowledged to be received, and that the Purchaser or Purchasers, to whom the fame respectively shall be given, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplicarion, or in any wise obliged to fee to the Application of the Money in such Receipt or Receipts respectively acknowledged to be received.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, shall and may use such of the old Materials of Guildhall Chapel, and of the Warehouses and Buildings of Blackwell Hall, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, to be pulled down as aforesaid, in and about th6

Erection

AjB.i0>5> 5J* GEORGII 1H. C.xciii — xcix. 677

Ereftlon of fireh Nfew 13irfldin£s aft riforefkid, or shall and may fell, or casfc to bd fold, all or any Part of such Materials as to them shall seem meet.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and erery the Sum and Sums of Motley which shall be received Money iriGng by the said Chamberlain for the Sales hereinbefore directed to be made, and also the Rents (if any) which froai

IhaM be received from the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground so to be demised as aforesaid, or any of them', t«rd* Expencet until the same shall be sold; and also all the Sum and Sums of Money (if any) to arise from the Sale of old of new BSd-Materials as aforesaid, shall be applied in or towards the Erection and Completion of such Buildings, Apart- fogs, ments and Offices as hereinbefore are mentioned, or in or towards re-iiftbnrfing the said Mayor and Commonalty and Cititens the Sum or 8 urns of Money which they shall have expended in erecting, finishing and completing the fame Buildings, Apartments and Offices.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen Mayor, &c. cm-and Commons, in Common Council a (Tern bled, from time to time to appoint One or more Committee or Com- powered top- -snittees to manage and transact all or any of the Matters or Purposes which they the said Mayor, Aldermen P°.1Bt ComJl and Commons, in Common Conncil assembled, are hereby required to do, execute or perform, which Committed miUce*

oit Committees, so to be appointed, shall have such or so much of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, (tail think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

[Public Act.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this A A shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons without the fame being specially pleaded.

Cap. xeiv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Whole or Part of a certain Bridge across the River IJts, in or near the City of Oxford, called Folly Bridge other wise Friar's Bridge; and for widening the fame Bridge and improving the Approaches thereto.

[28th June 1815.]

[For 21 Years, &c. unless the 16, 500l. to be raised, sooner paid oJf.*\

Cap. xcv.

An Act to continue the Term and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed for repairing tht u G. 3* c. 7a Road from Reading to Speenhamland and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said 34 9* 3* c. 13a. County, (a) [28th June 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed* new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for building a new Church, and also a Workhouse, in the Parish of Bathwisk, in the County of SomerfeU [29th June 1815.]

[Saint Mary's in Bath wick.

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the County of Forfar. (b) [4th July 18x5.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for building a new Prison in the City of London, and 5a G. 3. c.ccix, for removing thereto Prisoners confined under Civil Process in the Gaol of Newgate ind thd TVd Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate.

[4th July 1815.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of, London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread; and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits.

[12th July 18x5.3

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 31 o. 2. c. 29.

4 W the Second, intituled An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and AJJttU thereof t 4 and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty ' fecund Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to continue so 31 G. 2. c. 18.

much of an. A8 mads in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the further Punish* §2.

meat of Persons going armed or difgnifod in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise and to the Relief of the Officers of/he Cssfioms in Informations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Ath

made in the lafi Session of Parliaments for the due making of Bread* and to regulate the Price and AJfiue thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign, of His present" Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for 3 G. 3. c. its '

explaining and amemling an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

the Second* intituled an Act for the due making of Breads ando regulate the Pries apd AJfiu*, thereof, and ta J

punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the

Thirteenth

678

13 G. 3. C. 63. 33 O. 3. c. 37.

34 G. 3. c. 6j.

36 0.3. c. a»,

37 G. 3. C. 98.

38 G. 3. c. lr.

398c 40 G. 3. c. 74.

41 G-3i (U.K.) c. 12.

45 G. 3. c. xxiii.

48 G.3, c. lxx.

repealed as to within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

Aflite of Bread abolished.

Bread made of proper Materials, and sold at Prices, Bakers may think proper.

Bakers not to ul'c Alum, &c. in making of Bread f., r Sale;

C.xcix. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

' Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hit said present Majesty, intituled An Act for better regulating tie

4 AJjfixe and making of Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of

His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Affix* thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread with respect \ to the Time within which certain Prosecutions direBcd by the said Act are to be brought: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day9by Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the

due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and AJfixe thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate

5 Meal, Flour or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the Ajjvz.e and making of Bread to be sold in the ( City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His

said present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and AJfixe thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the AJfixe and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange: And Whereas an Act was

passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending several Acts for regulating the Price and AJfixe of Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit Bakers to make and Jell certain Sorts of Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His laid

present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more cjfcBual an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and AJfixe thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, so far ae the fame relates to the AJfixe and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal

Exchange: Arid Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Ajfixe thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the weighing of Bread to be baked and fold within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange: And Whereas it is deemed expedient that the said several recited Acts, so far as the same relate to the City of London and the

Liberties thereof, and the Towns and Places within the Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles from the Royal Exchange in the said City of London, should be repealed; and that there shall no longer be

4 an Afuze of Bread, or any Regulations respecting the Price of the fame, within the said Limits; and that the Provisions for punishing Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, or who shall sell Bread deficient in its due Weight, should be consolidated and amended; but inasmuch as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; Mav it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts of the Thirty first and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third, Thirteenth, Thirty third, Thirty fourth. Thirty sixth, Thirty seventh, Thirty eighth, Thirty ninth and Fortieth, Forty first, Forty fifth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all and every other Acts or Act of Parliament (if any (a))relating to the making and felling of Bread, or the Assize and Price thereof, or the Punishment of Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, or who shall sell Bread deficient in its due Weight, shall, so far as respects the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and the Divisions, Towns and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of Ten Miles from the Royal Exchange, and the Bread and Meal Flour made, fold and being therein, be and the same are hereby repealed; and there shall be no longer any Assize of Bread within the same City, Liberties, Divisions, Towns and Places, or any Regulations respecting the Price thereof. (a) [See 38 G. 3- c. 6z.]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever in the said City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange in the said City, to make, bake, fell and expose for Sale, any Bread made of Flour or Meal of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Buck Wheat, Indian Com, Pease, Beans, Rice, and every other Kind of Grain whatsoever, and Potatoes, or any of them, and with any Common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeast, Barm, Leaven and Potatoe Yeail, and mixed in such Proportions as the Makers or Sellers of such Bread shall think fit; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons making, or who shall make Bread for Sale within the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any Joyrneyman or other Servant of any such Person or Persons as last mentioned, shall at any time or times, in the making of Bread for Sale, put any Alum or Preparation or

16 Mixture

A.f>.1811. 55° GEORGII III. C.xcix.

Mixture in which Alum shall be an Ingredients or any other Preparation or Mixture in lieu of Alum, into the Dough of such Bread, or in any wise use or cause to be used any Alum or any other unwholesome Mixture, Ingredient or Thing whatsoever, in the making of such Bread, on any Account, or under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever; upon Pain that every such Person, whether Matter or Journeyman, or other Person, who shall knowingly offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Confemon, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, shall, on every such Conviction, forfeit aind pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justice9, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the City, County, Borough or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of such Commitment, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think (it and order; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the Offender's Name, Place of Abode and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the City of London, or the Liberty of Westminster, and to defray the Expencee of publishing the fame out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be so forfeited and shall be paid or recovered.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall knowingly put into any Com, Meal or Flour, which shall be ground, dressed, bolted or manufactured for Sale in the said City of London or Liberties thereof, or within the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles from the said Royal Exchange, either at the thne of grinding, dressing, bolting or in any wise manufacturing the fame, or at any other time or times, any Ingredient, Mixture or thing whatsoever; or shall knowingly fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, any Meal or Flour of one Sort of Grain as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any thing as or fof or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which shall not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the same shall import to be and ought to be; upon Pain that every Person who shall offend in the Premises, and shall be thereof convicted in manner herein after prescribed, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, mall think fit or order.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Loaf of every Sort of Bread, made of the Meal or Flour of any other Grain than Wheat, which shall be made for Sale, or be sold, carried out, offered or exposed in any wile to or for Sale within the said City or the Liberty thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall be marked with a large Roman M; and that every Person who shall make for Sale, fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, any Loaf of any such Sort of Bread which shall be made of the Meal or Flour of any other Grain than Wheat, which shall not be marked as hereinbefore directed, shall for every time he, she or they shall so offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted in manner hereafter directed, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Loaf of such Bread which (ha^not be so marked as hereinbefore is directed, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Person shall be convicted, shall from time to time adjudge.

VI. And be it also enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and also for any Peace Officer or Peace Officers, authorised by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Jaftite or justices (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justice3, is and are hereby'einpo^ered to grant) at seasonable times, in the Day-time, to enter into any House, Mill, Shop, Stall, 1 Bakehouse, Boltmghouse, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse or Ground, of or belonging to any Miller, Meabaah or Baker, or other Person who shall grind Grain, or dress or bolt Meal or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale within the said City or Liberties, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, and to take with him or them to his or their Assistance One or more Master Miller, Meal-man or Baker, or Millers, Mealmen or Bakers, and to search or examine whether any Mixture, Ingredient or Thing, not the genuine Produce of the Grain such Meal or Flour shall import or ought to be, shall have been mixed up with or put into any Meal or Flour in the Possession of such Miller, Mealman or Baker, either in the grinding of any Grain at the Mill, or in the dressing, bolting or manufacturing thereof, whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour is or shall be in any wise adulterated, or whether any Alum or other Ingredient shall have been mixed up with or put into any Dough or Bread in the Possession of any such Baker or other Person, whereby any such Dough or Bread is or shall be in any wise adulterated; and also to search for Alum or any other Ingredient which may be intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if on any such Search it shall appear that any such Meal, Flout, Dough or Bread, so found, shall have been so adulterated by the Person in whole Possession it shall then be, or any Alum or other Ingredient shall be found, which shall seem to have been deposited there m order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour or Bread; tiled and id every such case, it shall be lawful for every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the F^aee, or Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid, respectively within the Limits Of thieir respective Jurisdictions, to seize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, which shall be found in any such Search, and deemed to have been adulterated, and all Alum and other Ingredients and Mixtures which shall be found and deemed to have been used or intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid; and (bch Part thereof as shall be seized by any Peace Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after Seizure, be carried to some Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices Of the Peace, within the Limits of whole Jurisdiction the same shall have been so seized; and if any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice ot Justices, who shall make any such Seizure ih purfUanCe of this Act, or to whom any thing so seized under the

*' ' , JAuthority

679

[Penalty.]

ImprilbnmcBt.

Adulterating Corn, &c. whether at time of grinding, &c. or felling Meal, fcc, of one Sort of Grain for another Sort:

[Penalty.]

Loaves made of Meal of any other Grain than Wheat, marked with letter M.

[Penalty.]

Magistrates, or Peace Officers by iheit Warrants, may search Bakers Premises, and if any adulterated Flour, &c. found, it may be seized and disposed of*

68o

Bakers in whoTe Premisei shall be found any Ingredients for aduU taring Flour, Arc.

[Penalty.]

bftru&ine any

Search or the Seizure of any Flour, &c. or In-gredieut to adulterate it.

[Penalty.]

If any Baker shall make it appear that any Offence for which he shall have paid Penalty, shall have been occasioned by the wilful Default of a Servant, Magistrate may order Servant to make Recompeuce,

&c.

C. xdx. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

Authority of this Act shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread so seized, shall have been adulterated by any unwholesome or improper Mixture or Ingredient put therein, or shall adjudge that any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture so found as aforesaid shall have been deposited or kept where so found, for the Purpose of adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread; then and in any such case, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, is and are hereby required, within the Limits of their respective Jurilaiftions, to dispose of the fame, as he or they in his or their Discretion shall from time to time think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Mealman or Baker, within the said City or Liberties, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in whose House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Boltinghouse, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse, Ground or Possession, any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture shall be found, which shall after due Examination be adjudged by any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to have been deposited there for the Purpose of being used in adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, shall, on being convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Confemon, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay on every such Conviction any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the City, County or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of such Commitment, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order (unless the Party or Parties charged with any such Offence shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, who shall find or seize any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, or before whom the same shall be brought, that such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture was not nor were brought or lodged where the fame was or were found or seized, with any Design or Intent to have been put into any Meal, Flour or Bread, or to have adulterated therewith the Purity of any Meal, Flour or Bread, but that the fame was or were in the Place or Places in which the same shall have been so found or seized as aforesaid, for some other lawful Purpose) 5 and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, and he and they is and are hereby required to ctufe the Offender's Name, Place of Abode and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the City of London, and to defray the Expence of publishing the fame out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be so forfeited, and shall be paid or recovered.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any such Search as hereinbefore is authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or of any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture which shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholesomeness of any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or shall wilfully oppose or resist any such Search being made, or the carrying away any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, which shall be seized as being adulterated, or as not being made pursuant to this Act, he, she or they so doing or offending in any of the cases last aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay such Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order: Provided also, that if any Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall at any time make Complaint to any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their Jurisdiction, and make appear to him or them by the Oath of any credible Witness, that any Offence which such Person shall have been charged with, and for which he or she shall have incurred and paid any Penalty under this Act, shall have been occasioned by or through the wilful Act, Neglect or Default of any Journeyman or other Servant employed by or under such Person so making Complaint, then and in any such case any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, may and is or are hereby required to issue out his or their Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or respective Hands and Seals, for bringing any such Journeyman or Servant before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace acting in and for the City, County, Division or Place where the Offender can be found; and on any such Journeyman or Servant being thereupon apprehended and brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, he or they, within his or their respective Jurisdiction, is and are hereby authorized and required to examine into the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof thereof upon Oath to the Satisfaction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall hear such Complaint, then any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby directed and authorized, by any Order under his or their respective Hand or Hands to adjudge and order what reasonable Sum of Money shall be paid by any such Journeyman or Servant to his Matter or Mistress, as or by way of Recqmpence to him or her for the Money he or she shall have paid by reason of the wilful Act, Neglect or Default of any such Journeyman or Servant; and if any such Journeyman or Servant shall neglect or refuse, on his Conviction, to make immediate Payment of the Sum of Money which any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall order him to pay by reason of such his said wilful Neglect or Default, then any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within his or their respective Jurisdiction, is or are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Jiand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Journeyman or Servant to be apprehended and committed so the House of Correction, or some other Prison of the City, County, Division or Place in which such

14. Journey-

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. C.xcix. 681

Journeyman or Servant shall be apprehended or convicted, to be there kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Six Months from the time of such Commitment, as to such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Imprisonment. Justices, shall seem reasonable, unless Payment shall be made of the Money ordered, after such Commitment, end before the Expiration of the said Term of Six Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Loaves hereafter mentioned, of every Sort of Bread which Weight of the shall be made for Sale, within the said Cities or Liberties, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten several Sorts of MdejB of the Royal Exchange, shall always weigh, in Avoirdupois Weight, as follows; that is to say, every Jr0"* of Peck Loaf shall weigh Seventeen Pounds Six Ounces; every Half Peck, Eight Pounds Eleven Ounces; Bread* every Quarter Peck Loaf, Four Pounds Five Ounces and Half an Ounce; every Half quarter of a Peck

Loaf Two Pounds Two Ounces and Three Quarters of an Ounce; and every Pound Loaf, Sixteen Ounces; and that every Baker and Seller of Bread shall cause to be fixed in some convenient Place of his or her Shop, S^8 a Beam and Scales with proper Weights; and that any Person or Persons who may purchase any Bread of Weights to e any such Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, she or they shall think proper, require the same to be weighed in his, her or their Presence. quired.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Baker or Seller of Bread within the City of London and Liberties Neglectinj. thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, who shall neglect to fix such Beam and Scales in some convenient Part of his or her Shop 5 or to provide and keep for Use proper Weights, or whose Weights shall be deficient in their due Weight; or who shall refuse to weigh any Bread purchased in his, her or their Shop, in the Presence of the Party or Parties requiring the fame ? he, she Penalty, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be cpnvifted, shall think fit.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Baker or Seller of Bread within the City of London and the Short Weight, liberties thereof, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, who shall fell or offer for Sale any Bread in his, her or their Shop, or who shall deliver any Bread to any Customer or Customers, deficient in its due Weight according to the Weight of the several Loaves as are hereinbefore

directed respectively to weigh, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Penalty.

for every Ounce deficient in Weight, and io in Proportion for any Quantity less than an Ounce, as the Jtu-

tice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall think fit: Provided always, that no Baker rroviso.

or Seller of Bread shall be liable for any Deficiency in the Weight of any Bread, unless the same shall be

weighed, and the Deficiency of the Weight thereof ascertained, within Twenty four Hours next following

the time of the fame having been baked; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend Proviso for

or to include such Bread as is usually made and fold under the Denomination of French or Fancy Bread or French Bread.

Rolls.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Master, Mistress, Journeyman or other Person Bakers.shall mot respectively exercised or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker within the City of London or Liber- bake Bread or ties thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall on the Ro!1 % on Sui1' Lord's Day or on any Part thereof, make or bake any Bread, Rolls or Cakes, of any Sort or Kind; or shall, on any Part of the said Day, excepting between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and Meat* pies let Two of the Clock in the Afternopn (a), on any Pretence whatsoever, sell or expose to Sale, or permit or suffer except from* to be sold or exposed to Sale any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind; or bake or deliver, or permit Nine tilllVoon or suffer to be baked or delivered any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Victuals, except as herein after is excepted; Suudays. or in any other manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Business or Occupation thereof, save and except so far as may be necessary in setting and superintending the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Day's baking; and every Person offending against the last mentioned Regulations, or any One or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery hereby allowed between the Hours aforesaid, otherwise than within the Bakehouse or Shop, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the City, County or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, within Six Days from the Commission thereof, either upon the View of such Justice, or on Confession by the Party, or Proof by One or more Witness or Witnesse9 upon Oath, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit, pay and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty and Punishment herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the First Offence the Penalty of penalties.

Ten Shillings, for the Second Offence the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and for the Third and every subsequent Offence respectively the Penalty of Forty Shillings, and shall moreover upon every such Conviction bear and pay the Colls and Expences of the Prosecution; such Costs and Expences to be assessed, settled and afeer- Recovery and.tained by the Justice convicting 5 and the Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty as such Justice shall think proper to be allowed to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for loss of Time in inflituting and crc°*following up the Prosecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and to be paid to the Prosecutor or rrofecutors for his, her and their own Use and Benefit; and the Residue of such Penalty to be paid to such Justice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be transmitted by him to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish or Parishes where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty and of the Costs and Expences aforesaid, be not paid within Fourteen Days after Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, such Justice shall and may by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the same to be raised and levied by Diflrcfs Dirtrei*. and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and in Default or Insufficiency of such Distress, commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, on a First Offence for the Space of Seven Days, for a Second Offence for the Space of Fourteen Days, and on a Third or any fuDsequent Offence for the Space of One Month, unless the whole of the Penalty, Costs and Expences be sooner paid and discharged: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for every Master or Mistress Baking* m*y be Baker, rending within the Limits aforesaid, to deliver to his or her Customers on the Lord's Day, any delivered till 55 Gtt>. IIL 4 S Bakings

682

till Half-past Two on Sunday. No Miller,

to act as a Justice in the Execution of At}. l'enalty.

All Ofllnces against this A6$ nuy be btarJ and determined in a summary way by Magistrates within their respective i uridifftions.

Oath.

Penalties may be levied by Distress and Sale*

Ddlreff.

For want of DH-tress, the Offenders to he committed for One Month, un* less Payment be sooner made.

Power to Common material Evidences, and to compel Appearance.

C. xcix. 55° GEORGII IIl. A.D. 1815.

Bakings until Half an Hour past Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day (a), without incurring or being liable to any of the Penalties in this Act contained. (a) [See 34 G.3. r.61. §2.]

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall follow or be concerned in the Business of a Miller, Mealman or Baker, shall be capable of acting, or shall be allowed to act as a Justice of the Peace under this Act, or in putting in Execution any of the Powers in or by this Act granted 5 and if any Miller, Mealman or Baker, shall presume so to do, he or they so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV. And, for the better and more easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by Disobedience to this Act, and the Powers herein contained, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor of the said City of London for the time being, or any Alderman of the said City, within the said City or the Liberties thereof, and to and for any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any One of them, within their respective Counties, Divisions, Cities, Towns Corporate, Liberties or Jurisdictions, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to hear and determine, in a summary Way, all Offences committed against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and for that Purpose to summon before them, or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, any Party or Parties accused of being an Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and in case the Party accused shall not appear on such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for his Default, then, upon Oath by any credible Witness, of any Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any such Magistrate or Magift rates, Just ice or Justices, shall issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offenders within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrate6, JuL tice or Justices; and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in case he, she or they shall not appear, on Notice being given to or left for him, her or them at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, or if he or they cannot be apprehended on a Warrant granted against him, her or them as hereinbefore is directed, then and in any such case any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses who shall be offered on either Side, on Oath as aforesaid, and which Oath every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to administer; and after hearing the Parties who shall appear, and the Witnesses who shall be offered on either Side, such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall convict or acquit the Party or Parties accused; and if the Penalty or Money forfeited on any such Conviction shall not be paid within the Space of Twenty four Hours after any such Conviction, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall thereupon issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals respectively, directed to any Peace Officer or Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, and thereby require him or them to make Distress of the Goods or Chattels of the Offender or Offenders within such their respective Jurisdictions, to satisfy such Penalty or Money forfeited and the Costs of the Prosecution and Distress; and if $my Offender should convey away his Goods out of the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom he was convicted, or so much thereof that the Penalty or Money forfeited cannot be levied, then some Magistrate or Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offender shall have removed his Goods, shall back the Warrant granted by any such Magistrate or Justice, Magistrates or Justices as aforesaid, and thereupon the Penalty forfeited shall be levied on the Offender's Goods and Chattels by Distress and Sale thereof; and if within Five Days from the Distress being taken, the Penalty or Money forfeited and Costs shall not be paid, the Goods seized shall be appraised and fold, rendering the Overplus (if any) after ded ufting the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of the Prosecution, Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges shall be ascertained by the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall have been so convicted, or by the Magistrate or Justice who backed the Warrant, if either of them shall continue alive, and if not by some other Magistrate or Justice of the City, County, Division or Place, in which the Offender shall have been convicted, on Application for th^t Purpose to be made to any such Justice; and for want of such Distress, then every such Magistrate or Justice, within whose respective Jurisdiction any such Offender or Offenders shall reside or be, shall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors, and Proof on Oath made of the Conviction and Nonpayment of the Penalty and Charges, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, Division or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be found there to remain for the Space of One Calendar Month from the time of such Commitment; unless after such Commitment Payment shall be made of the said Penalty or Forfeiture, and Costs and Charges, before the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month; agd all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid to the Informer.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, that any one within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is likely to give or offer material Evidence on behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to be examined, and give his, her or their Evidence concerning the Premises, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Witness and Witnesses before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, at such seasonable time* as in such Summon* shall be fixed, and if any Person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to

appear

A.D. 18t£.

55° GEORGII III.

C. icix.

68 3

to wit.

convicted before

[or, for the 4 or, for the City,

4

appear at the time by such Summons appointed and no just Excuse shall be offered for such Neglect or Refusal» then (after Proof upon Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned) every such Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Witness or Witnesses before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and on the Appearance of any such Witness before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath every such Witness; and if any such Witness, on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without offering any just Excuse for such Refusal, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within the Limits of nis or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their I^ands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons, so refuiing to be examined, to the Public Prison of the City, County, Division, Liberty or Place, in which the Person or Persons so refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any time not ex* Ceeding Fourteen Days, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath by this Act directed to be taken, or be examined on Oath by virtue or in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully forswear himself or herself, or shall at any time afterwards wilfully break any such Oath, every such Person shall be subject ?nd liable to be prosecuted as for Perjury, by Indictment or Information, according to due Course of Law; and if consisted, shall be subject and liable to the Pains and Penalties which Penons convicted of wilful and corrupt Per* jury are subject and liable to.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any Person shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause every such Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 1 T*E it remembered, That on this Day of in that

it* J Year of the Reign of if. j?. is

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Division of the said County of Liberty or Town of as the case shall happen to he], for

and do adjudge him, her or them [as the fame may

4 to pay and forfeit for the fame, the Sum of

Given under the Day and Year aforesaid.'

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation or of Suspension, shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act, shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom he, she or they shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty from time to time to appeal to the Justices at the next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the City, County, Division, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Judgment shall have been given, and that the Execution of such Judgment shall in such case be suspended; the Person so convicted entering into a Recognizance at the time of such Conviction, or within Twenty four Hours after the same shall be made, with Two sufficient Sureties, in Double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices at their said next General or General Quarter Sessions, which Recognizance the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted, shall be confirmed, such Appellant or Appellants shall immediately, or within Twenty four Hours afterwards, pay down the Sum he, she or they shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the said Justices in their said General or General Quarter Sessions shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, for defraying the Expences sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in Default of the Appellants paying the fame, any Two Justices or any One Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, having Jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, she or they shall reside, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals or his Hand and Seal, commit every such Appellant or Appellants to the Common Gaol of the City, County, Division or Place, where he, she or they shall be apprehended, until he, she or they shall make Payment of such Penalty, and of the Costs and Charges which shall be adjudged on the Conviction, or shall compound in respect thereof with the Informer, and pay the Composition Money agreed on to the Informer; but if the Appellant or Appellants in any such Appeal shall make good his, her or their Appeal, and be discharged of the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants against such Informer or Informers, who would (in case of such Conviction) have been entitled to the Penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid; and which Cpfts shall and may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants against any such Informer or Informers, in like manner as Costs given at any General or General Quarter Sessions ^re recoverable.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction shall happen to be made within Six Days before any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be held for the City, County,

4 S z Division,

Witnesse* to be examined on Oath;

and on Refusal may he commuted for any Time not exceeding 14 Days.

Perjury.

Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form.

Certiorarij&c.

Persons aggrieved by the Judgment of any Magistrate or Justice may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions, &c. Recognizance.

If the former Judgment be affirmed the Appellant to pay down the For-.feiture and Costs;

and on Default to be committed.

If Judgment be reverted, and Appellant discharged, Costs -to be awarded against the In- -former.

If Conviction shall happen te be within Six

684 C. xcix.

55° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1815.

fions following.

Limitation of Actions.

24 G. 2. c. 44. extended to Magistrates, Sec. alt ing under Authority of Ad.

Notices.

[General Issue.]

D-ivs of the Division, Town Corporate, Borough or Place where such Conviction shall hare been made, then the Party or

m^°therfhe^art*es w^° think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviction, shall and may, on entering made'to the^ef- ^nto a Recognizance in manner and for the Purposes before ckrested, be at Liberty to appeal either to the then next or next following General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any such County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Place where any such Convictionshall have been made*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the City, County or Place, where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Conjlables and others afling in Obedience to their Warrants > so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices of the Peace, acting under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act $ and that no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, nor shall any Wnt be sued out or Copy of any Writ be served upon any Peace Officer or Officers for any thing done in the Execution of this Act, until Seven Days after a Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for him or them at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party intending to commence such Action, which Notice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and also of his Attorney, and likewise the Cause of Action or Complaint 5 and any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and may, by virtue of this Act, at anytime within-Seven Days after any such Notice shall have been given to or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining or to the Attorney named in such Notice; and if the fame is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in Bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court in which the Action shall be commenced; and if upon Issue joined on such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient*

Defendant reco- they shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in every such case, or if the Plaintiff shall veringto be become Nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants

allowed huCofts. Upon Demurrer, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the time limited by this Act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Costs 5 but if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants, or any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded, they shall then give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his Costs against every such Defendant or Defendants.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any other Person or Persons than a Justice or other Peace Officer, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or if a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cases by Law, for the Recovery of his, her or their Costs.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it likewise enacted, That no Person shall be convicted of any Offence under

Persons*convict- Act, unless the Information in order for such Conviction shall be exhibited within Fourteen Days after the

ed under this Offence committed, except in cases of Perjury; and that no Person who shall be prosecuted to Conviction Alt not liable to for any Offence done or committed against this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame Offence under other Profecu- any other Law.

XXIV. And be it also enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, and the Application of which is not hereinbefore directed, shall, when recovered or paid, go and be disposed of in manner following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof, where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted either by his, her or their Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders; and the other Moiety thereof, or in case there be no such Person informing, then the whole thereof shall go and be paid or applied to or for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, or the Party convicted, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall in his or their Discretion think fit.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any thing herein contained shall not

Plaintiff recovering entitled to Damages and Costs.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Limitation of Alt ions.

ttons.

Application of Penalties.

Proviso f<W Rights and Pri-

vileges of City of extend> or he construed to extend, in any way to affect, lessen or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of London, &c. the City of London; or of the Worshipful Company of Bakers of the said City; or of the Wardmote Inquests of the said City; or of the City or Liberties of Westminster; or Borough of Southwari; or any Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leets; or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place, which may be exercised and enjoyed by them, or any of them, by virtue of any Charters, Bye-

1 Laws,

68S

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. £.xcix, c.

Laws, Prescriptions, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Grants or Acts of Parliament (except so far as relates to the Assize of Bread, and the Regulations of the Price and Weight thereof); but that all such Rights and Privileges shall be held, exercised and enjoyed by the Parties respectively entitled thereto, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame were held, exercised and enjoyed before the passing of this Act 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take EfFed from and immediately after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others without being spedally pleaded.

Cop* c.

An Act for draining and allotting Otmoor % in the County of Oxford.

[12th July 1815.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §35.

Commencement

of Act

Public Act,

Pr. c.I — II. 55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1815.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Most " Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof, Ci so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. i.

AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Agmondesham otherwise Amersham, in the Counties of Buckingham and Hertford.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Headon cum Upton, in the County of Nottingham.

[23d March 1815.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §26.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Heydony in the County of Essex.

Cap. 4*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Smallhurgh, in the County of Norfolk [23d March 1815.]

Cap. y.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Tything of Hawley, in the Parish of Tately, in the County of Southampton.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Warcopy in the County of Westmorland.

[2d May 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §19, 20, 21, 22.

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stoke next Nay land, Naylandy Wiston otherwise WiJffingtony AJJtngton and Pol/lead, in the County of Suffolk.

[2d May 1815.]

" Vicar of Wiston otherwise Wiffington not to grant Leases of Lands unless Consent of His Majesty, his Heirs " and Successor8 as Patrons of the said Vicarage, §34.

Cap. 8*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dundry, in the County of Somerset.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Manby, in the County of Lincoln.

[2d May 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §24.

Cap. 10.

A.11 Act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Caton, in the Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Laticaf.tr.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Redgrave, and Hamlet of Botefdale, in the County of Suffolk.

[2d May 1815O

16 Cap.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEORGII III. Pr.C.\2 — 25;

Cop* 12.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Rickingbolt Superior, Rickinghall Inferior and Hindercley9 in the County of Suffolk.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IVeston Market, in the County of Suffolk* [2d .Afay 1815.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for vesting Part of the Residuary Estate of Hannah Silcock Widow deceased, in Trustees upon Trull to sell and dispose of the fame, and to lay out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages and other Hereditaments, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand otherwise Strand otherwise Savoy, formerly the Ellate of James Joye Esquire deceased, in Trustees, upon the Trulls in an Indenture of Release of the Twentieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and thirty five declared concerning the same Hereditaments.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 16.

An Act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Burton in Kendal, in the several Counties of Westmorland and Lancaster, and for converting the fame into Stinted Pasture.

[12th May 1815.]

i Allotments and Compensation for Tithes, §29. 31, 32. 35.

Cap. 17.

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Lands and Grounds within the several Tithings of Bourton9 EaJlon9 Horton9 Nurjlcdand lVcek> in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, in the County of Wilts.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Shipley, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Grafby9 in the County of Lincoln

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 20.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Brodsworth, in the County of York.

[12th May 1815.]

u Allotment to His Majesty, §21. Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §24. Extract of Award t€ containing Description of Allotment to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to be sent to Clerk of the " Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, §47.

Cap. 21.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dewlish, in the County of Dorset.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 22.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Melfonby, in the County of York.

[12th May 1815; ]

Cap. 23.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Brampton, Wath upon Dearne and S*winton, in the West Riding of the County of York* [12th May 1815.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of NeSon otherwise Neighton, in the County of Norfolk.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corf combe, in the County of Dorset* [12th May 1815.]

Cap

688

A.D. 1815.

Pr. C. 26 — 38. 55° GEORGII III.

Cap. 26.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of &0M RunBon and Holme otherwise RunBon Holme, in the County of Norfolk.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 27.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Appletreewick, in the Parish of Burnfal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[12th May 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §18. 31.

Cap. 28*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hilperton and Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mifcrden otherwise Mifcrdtne, in the County of Gloucester.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 30.

54 G. 5. c. 108. An Act for inclosing the Marsh Common otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County repealed* of Gloucester.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for inclosing Harwich Moor, in the Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Stanfield, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York. L25lh May 1815.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §26. Vicar of Halifax not to lease Lands without Con-4€ sent of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as Patrons of the said Vicarage, and of the Archbishop of«York for the time being, §29* His Majesty's Right to Tithes not affected, §53.

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Lordship of Witherjlack, in the County of Westmorland.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. 34*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Rumworth, and Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[25 th May 1815.]

Cap. 35*

An Act for inclosing Wifewood Common, in the Parish of JEcclesfield, in the County of York.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. 36*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thornhill, in the Parish of Thornhill\ in the West Riding of the County of York.

[25th May 18x5.3

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §27.

Cap. 37.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llangeinwen and LlanbecPr Newborough, in the County of Anglesey.'[25th May l8lf.]'

u Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenues, to appoint Assistant Commissioner, §5. Allotment to His Majesty, f 28-" Commissioner to make Extract of Award containing Description of Allotment to His Majesty, and Map of u such Allotment, and transmit fame to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, &c. or Surveyor General €i of His Majesty's Land Revenue, f 49. His Majesty's Allotment may be sold before or after Executioa t( of Award, §50. Proviso for His Majesty's Right to Mines, &c. $ 53.

Cap 38*

An Act to carry into Effect the Contrafts made for the Sale of certain Parts of the Estates of the Most Noble Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle, situate in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and to supply the Defects occasioned by the Loss of the Conveyances thereof to the Purchasers*

[7th June 1815.] Cap.

5J° GEORGII III. JV.&39 — 5a. 689

C»>. 39.

An Act for vaffaog Past of the settled Mrta, in the County of Somerf^i of Sir Hatty Straebey Bayonet, in Trustees upon Trust, to be sold, and for inrefting the Pnrchafo Monies in the Porchafo of Estatee to be settled to the former Uses; and for enabling the Trustees to concur in making a Partition of such of the fame EHates as are now held by Sir Henry Strachey and other Persons in undivided Shares.

[7th June815.]

Cap. 40.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Sutton, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[7th June815.]

Cop. 41

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hutton Roof, in the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Wtfwrlond* [7th Juno 18150

Cap. 42.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brea^salt, in the County of Derby.

Allotments and Comptnfations for Tithes, §26, 27, 28, 29.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 43.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Hartlebury, in the Parish of Hartlebury, in the County of WnrtfjUr.

[7th June 1815.]

Cop. 44-

An Act for inclosing Lands in Brampton, in the County of Derby.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 45-

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hindrtngham, in the County of Norfolk.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 46.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Aston Rogers and Cound, in the County of Salop.

[7th June 1815.]

u Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, f 23.

Cap. 47

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Marcbam, in the Parish of Mwrchom in the County of Boris.

[7th Jeette 1815.]

w Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §23. 26.

Cap. 48.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manors of 54 & 3.C.CIK. Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, in the Parishes of Crtsklade Saint Sampson and Cricklade Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts.

[7th Juste 1815.]

Cap. 49*

An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of WiUtfden, in the County of Middle ft*. [jth June 1815.]

u AUeUswnts and Compenfotion for Tithes, } 44. 49.

Cap. 5o.m

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upton Lovell, in the County of Wilts.

[14th June 1815.]

Cap. 51.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stoke other wise Stoke Ferry, Wretton, of Wtnnold, in the County of Norfolk.

Werebam and Hantlet [14th June 1815.]

Cap. 52.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in 53 G. 3. c di* the Lordship of North Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln.

[14th June 1815.]

55 Geo. III. 4 T Cap

A.D. 1815.

690 /V-^55 — 64. 55° GEORGII III.

Cafi53.

rAfl-Act for empowering the Trustees under the Will of James Milnej Esquire deceased, to effect a Parti-

tion of the Estates whereof undivided Shares were devised by such Will.

[22d June 1815.]

Cap. 54-

An Act to enable the Devisees in Trust and Executors named in the Will of Wilknm Nunn Esquire deceased, to grant Leases of his Residuary Leasehold Estates. [and Juna 1815.]

Cap. 55.

An Act for dividing and allotting the Common or Commonty of the Lomonds of Falkland* in the Pantiles*of Falkland and Stratbmiglo in the County of Fife [28.th June 1815.]

<*Cap. 56.

See 43 G 3. An Act for enabling the Sale of all or any Part of the Stocks already transferred in Redemption of Part C*6G* Annuity Six thousand eight hundred and seventy Pounds, payable out of the Consolidated Fund,

43*c 79- jn iieu of the j)uties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines, granted by King Charles the Second to Henry

first Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the Stocks which shall be transferred in Redemption of the Remainder of the fame Annuity, and investing the Money anting frpip any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes.

[4th July 1815.]

Cup* 57*

eft47 °^An Act for vesting the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Burslem, in the County of Stafford* in a. cTouv. Trustees for Sale; and for applying the net Monies thence anting, in providing a Parsonage Hou/e for the said Rectory, and in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled and annexed thereto.

[4th July 1815.]

Cap. 58.

An Act for vesting certain Hereditaments devised by the Will of Thomas Skip Dyot Buck nail Esquire deceased, called The Dyot Estate, in Trustees, to sell the same: and to lay out the Monies thence anting in 1'thte Purchase of other Estates, ' to be settled to the same Uses.

[4th July 1815.]

i 1

Cap. 59.

An Act for uniting the Vicarage and Rectory of Bishopfione, in the County of Wilts, and within the Diocese of Salisbury, into one Rectory, with Cure of Souls.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap. 60.

*47 G. 3. An Act for exonerating certain Tithes in the Manor of Sbtreoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Self. a. c.Ui. Nottingham, from the Payment of Four several Annuities, and from the Repairs of the Chapel of

Shireoaks: and for charging Freehold Lands and the Tithes thereof within the same Manor with the future Payment of the said Annuities, and with the said Repairs.

[6th July 1815.]

SO G. 3. v. caviil.

Cap. 61.

An Act to enable the Lord Bitiiop of Winchester to grant Leases of Lands allotted to him under an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for dilafforefting the Forest of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton; and for inclosing the open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap 62.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis Boynton Baronet, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Produce in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold.

[6th July 1815.]

I Cap. 63*

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Settled Estates of jinn Powell Widow, and Elizabeth Parry; and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses.*[6th July 1815.]

Cap. 64*

An Act for enabling Nathanael Bishop Esquire, to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement for a Building Lease of a Part of his settled Estate in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex} entered into by him with Robert Clarke Gentleman, and Henry Richardson Gentleman.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap.

A«P.j$v$

i$5°? GEORGII HI. iV.G65.i-7*.G§i

Cap. ($5*

fin , ^d for c^chftfgj^g certaJniEec Simple £ flutes of the Reverend Jkbn Dampier Clerk, in the GOun^of Sopicrfetf for certain Settled Estate of the said Joha D ampler and Mary Charlotte hit Wife* it the same County.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap. 66.

An Act for eflfeduating an Agoeement for Sale of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rector of the Parift Church of Chelsea, in the County of Middlefete9 for the Use of the Royal Military Asylum.,

[11th July 1815.]

Cap. 67.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Chitteme Saint Mary and Chitteme All Saints, in the County 50 G. 3. c. if. of Wilts and for repealing an Act passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands within PR. the Manor and Parish of Chitteme Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts. [ 1 ith July 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §20, 21, 22. 27* - r,

' Cap 68. - - r, >.

An Act for etolarging and repairing the Parish Churches of Kqft nnA WeJhTeignmoutht in the County of Devon; and for authorizing the Sale of divers Hereditaments in East and WestTeirnmouth, IJlingtony and High % veeky in the said County; and for discharging the Expences to be occasioned thereby.

[12th July 1815.]

Cap. 69.

An Act for better carrying into Execution the Trufb of certain Charity Lands! at Deptford in the County Of See 46 G, >*Kent. 1'- [12th July 1815.]

' Cap. 70.; r 1 ' ': '" ,

An Act for vesting in a new Trustee, upon the subsisting Trusts, certain E(bates of John Mason Esquire deceased, now vested in Infant Trustees.

[12th

' t Cap. 71.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sandhnr/f9 in the County of Berks*fciath JulyU&iy*] See5s G.

c. 124.

53G. 3. C. 1JI.

[INDEX removed.]

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo Sexto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the First Day of February 1816, being the Fourth Session of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland*

CAP. I.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

[26th February 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws herein after mentioned should be revived and further con-

tmued; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His So much of present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window 49 G -3- c. 6 3 Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Collection of the said " wts continued Duties; as was by another Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and by another Act made in the Fifty second Year 5* o. 3. c. 64. of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; §1. and by another Act made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of p G* 3-c-109* August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and by another Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the y^nd Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be Revived and fur-and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, and mall be, remain and continue in force from the said ther continued First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou- till March ay, sand eight hundred and eighteen; and that all and singular the Duties thereby imposed and made payable shall lgl8* from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be payable, and be raised, levied, collected and paid, as directed in and by the said first recited Act so heretofore continued as aforesaid, as if the fame had never expired.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present yi G. 3. c. 69. Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for revived, and granting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in Hen thereof; emd for continuing and amending an Act bajfed In the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act M^h as 181S. for reseeding the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for graatoag other Duties in Hen thereof, and for the better Collection of the said Duties; which was by an Act m^de an the Fifty freomj Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the First Day of Augift One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and by another Act made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and by another Act mad? in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen\ shall he and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, ana Hull be, remain and continue in force from) the find First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen until the Twenty fifth Day of Marsh One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; end that all and singular the Duties thereby imposed and made payable ftka|l from the said First Day of August Qua thousand eigh^hundred and fifteen, until6 Geo. III. 4U*the

698

Act altered, fcc.

7 G. % . c. 18. revived, and further continued till March 25, X817.

X G. 3. c. 3. further continued.

Dutie« to be paid in Scotland for Malt.

Few the D uric* on Malt shall be raised.

Former Acts ia force.

C. 1, 2, 3. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be payable, and be raised, levied, collected and paid, as directed in and by the said Act as if the fame had never expired.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. II.

An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Seventh Tear of King George the Secorfd, For the free Importation of Cochineal and Itidigo.

[26th February 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

W , Second, intituled An Act for the Revival of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of //if/. 1 late Majesty King George the F'trjly intituled An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time ( therein limited, and also for the free Importation of Indigo; which was to continue in force from the Twenty

fourth Day of June One thousand seven Hundred and thirty four, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty the said Act was revived

from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and continued in force

until Nine Months after the Conclusion of the then present War: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act Should be again revived and further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall from and after the Expiration thereof be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[4th March 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandin Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty, the

Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned; And do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and tlironghout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Duty for and upon all Malt which, in and by One Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malty Mum9 Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty onet was granted or continued to His Majesty, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and which by several subsequent Acts has from time to time been granted and continued to His Majesty until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be further continued in like manner, and shall be and is by this Act charged for or upon all Mah which shall be made within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

II. And be it further enacted, That within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succe'ffors, for and upon all Malt, the Duty herein after mentioned, (that is to say): For and upon every Bushel of Malt which at any time or times from and after the Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons yrhatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of Three pence, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Duties by this Act granted and continued respectively, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the fame Ways, Means and Methods, and by such Rules and Directions, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionably, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation and other Powers, in all respects, not otherwise directed by this Act, as are prescribed, mentioned or expressed in the said former Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted or continued, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the raising, levying, collecting,

10 securing

A.D. 1818 56° GEOB.GII IH. C. 3. 699

securing and managing such Duties; and thatnhe same Act formerly made and passed, and the said other Act# hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Clauser Matter and Thing in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in farce, and not otherwise altered by this Act, shall be and continue in force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, fee wring and accounting for the Rates, Duties and Impositions hereby granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and aH other Matters and Things during the Continuance of the Act, as fully as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act; fare Save as to cowand except as to so much of the said Acts or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto, as gave pounding far Power to the Commissioners of Excise, or to any other Person or Persons therein named, in England and But*

Scotland respectively, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties of such Malt which should grow due or payable from him, her or them, by the said Acts or either of them; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, that the full and entire Sum of For raising a 4 Twenty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Expences of Manage- certain Sum of ment and Collection, shall be raised out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the to*

Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, by a Malt Tax to be raised and levied as in England, by a Case of Defi Duty of Three pence per Bushel on all Malt made and consumed in Scotland; and in case the said Duty of ciency an adefiThree pence per Bushel upon Malt to be charged in Scotland by virtue of this Act, being duly surveyed and tiontl Duty to collected, shall not be sufficient effectually to raise and answer the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds in he m#-t*

nett Money, after all Charges and Deductions whatsoever, that then such Deficiency shall be made good by

4 a Surcharge to be made upon aH Makers of Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ in Proportion to the Malt they shall respectively make between the Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen and the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred 1* Duty 0, 1

and seventeen, in case it shall appear to the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Duty upon Malt made in Scotland, by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall answer aVooooL

not be sufficient to answer the clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, then and in such Case it then a Surcharge

shall and may be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners of Excise, and the Officers under them, may be made.

to make a proportional Surcharge upon all and every Person and Persons who shall have made any Malt in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the Year ending the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or so much Money, by way of additional Duty, upon all the Malt

made by such Person or Persons respectively, as shall make good such Person or Persons' proportional

Part of such Deficiency; which said Surcharges shall be paid to the respective Collectors of the said Duties on Malt by the respective Persons on whom the same shall be so made, within One Month after the fame

shall be so surcharged, or in Default thereof, the respective Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment, shall forfeit Treble the Sum upon him, her or them respectively surcharged as aforesaid, Penalty.

to be recovered in inch Manner as the Duty of Three pence per Bushel may be recovered by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament herein before recited or referred unto, which said Surcharge

by way of additional Duty for making good the Deficiency of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds (if

any such Deficiency there shall be) shall be computed and settled as followeth; (that is to say) as the

particular Quantity of Malt made by each such Maltster or Maker of Malt in Scotland, within the said Year ending the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall bear Proportion to

the whole Quantity of Malt made in Scotland within the same Year, so the particular Surcharge to be made

upon such particular Maltster or Maker of Malt, for or towards making good the said Deficiency, shall bear

Proportion to the whole Sum which shall be found to be deficient as aforesaid.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the authority aforesaid, That if the said Rate of Three Surplus of said pence per Buffiel shall produce a greater Sum than the said 3um of Twenty thousand Pounds clear of all Duties applied Charges of Management, the said Surplusage so produced over and above the said clear Sum of Twenty thou- 5°hc

(and Pounds shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting of the Fisheries, and such other m Scot n Mamlfactures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, in such manner as directed by an Act passed in the Thir- 13 g. 1. c. 36. teenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisherits and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That in all Cases where the hereinbefore recited Act of the Act to reiate to First Year of his present Majesty's Reign did relate to any Day or time within the Year which commenced the fame Cay as from the Twenty third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty one, this present Act doth and Act 1 G. 3. c. 3. shall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the said Twenty third Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt made in Scotland not to js/Llt brought be consumed there, which at any time or times between the Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight from Scotland hundred and sixteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, entered, if not shall be brought into England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, in case the fame l*lcn forfeited, shall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the fame shall be so brought into England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, and the Sum of Sixpence per Buftiel for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unlefa a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the said Duty of Three pence per Bushel in

4 U a Scotland;

Entry.

Duty of Six-

gmce per uflieL

Malt forfeited, or Value thereof.

Allowance to Mahfters for Grain made into Malt.

Malt fhi|'ped for Exjxjrtation and reLnded forfeited, and Treble Value.

Steepings of Mai for Exportation kept separate till measured.

[Penalty.]

Notice to Officers for taking Malt off Kilns.

Penalty. Clandestinely opening Locks of Storehouses.

Entering Store-houses or removing Parti-4100, &c.

[Penalty.]

For clearing out Storehouses of Malt for Exportation.

C. 3. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Scotland; and if such Certificate be produced, then there (halt be paid no more than Three pence per Baihel, by virtue of this Act, for such Malt so brought into England; and in case the fame be brought by Land, such Malt shall pass and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or CarlifU, and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties, in such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt shall be (o carried, and the like Duty of Sixpence per Bushel for the same shall be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid; but upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid no more than Three pence per Bushel by virtue of this Act, on pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without such Entry or Payment of the Duties as aforesaid; and in case any Malt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise for His Majesty's Use, One Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be and go to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform, seize or sue for the fame, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Penalties apd Forfeitures are by this or any the former Acts relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Action of Debt, or upon the Cate, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there shall be allowed to Maltsters and Makers of Malt, for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Corn or Grain which shall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cases where by Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an allowance of Thirty Quarters after the same shall be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their deeping, wetting or watering the fame, the said Twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the said Thirty Quarters.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after the shipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt lb shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in every such Case all the Malt which shall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, (that is to (ay) One Moiety thereof to the King, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the fame; and such Malt so relanded shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

X. And whereas Mahfters and Makers of Malt for Exportation do frequently mix the Produce of Two or < more Steepings of Corn or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or as foooo ' as it comes off from the Kiln, by reason whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot ascertain the real Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Steeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made use of for Home Consumption, though the fame has not been charged with the Duty as all Malt made for Home Consumption ought to be; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all and every Maltster or Mai tilers, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the same shall be on the Kiln, or after the same shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from aB and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the fame-thall have been measured by such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of forne Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all such Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, she or they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the Measuring of such Malt; and after such Malt has been measured, the same shall be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or else shall be immediately locked up and secured in some Storehouse or other Place belonging to such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, if any such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Person or Persons what foe ver, by his Order, Privity or Direction, after any Steeping or Making of Malt shall have been locked of and secured in auy Storehouse or other Place or Places in manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any Way or Kind of Entrance into such Storehouse or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Storehouse or Place, and any ether Place or Places what foe ver next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehouse or other Place, any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge and Consent of or without first having given Notice to some Officer or Officers for the said Duties, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And, the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt to discover whether all such Malt made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and fec«red in any Storehouse or other Place or Places to be exported, has been really exported; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any Storehouse or any

1+ other

56° GEORGII III.

C. 3. 701

Within Fifteen Months.

[Penalty.]

Time for clearing out Storehouses to be limited.

[Penalty.]

Recovery of Penalties.

ttber Place or Places as re before directed to be exported, shall, within Fifteen Months next after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, remove and clear out of his Storehouse, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof that at any time after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen shall be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or bther Place in order to be exported, and shall always from time to time, in every fifteen Months, remove and dear out of such Storehouse or other Place or Places in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any Time within every Fifteen Months after the lad clearing shall be locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or in any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Bay of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever that shall l>eccme Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and shall make use of any Storehouse or Storehouses,

Place or Places for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall within Fifteen Months after the Beginning to make use of any such Storehouse or Storehouses, or such other Place or Places, remove and clear out of such Places, to he exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt that at any time or times shall have been put into such Place or Places within Fifteen Months after he, she or they shall have begun to make use of such Place or Places, and shall always from time to time remove and clear out of such Storehouse or other Place to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatsoever that within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall at any time be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or Storehouses, or any other Place or Places, that shall be made use of by him, her or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Offences against this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Duty on Malt, shall be sued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated, by the fame Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise, upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and that One Moiety of such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

XVI. And whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 38 G. 3. c. 60.*An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner thereinfiated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty the several and respective Sums of Money granted to Your Majesty,

4 by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, which were or should be charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Great Britain, are,

after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, continued and made per*

petual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts,

Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Public Office or employment of Profit in the said Act mentioned, should, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, be ascertained, levied, collected and paid according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to be passed for that Purpose* Be it therefore enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money'which shall have been or shall be charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to Ic raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which were not authorized to be sold in and by another Act made and passed in the fame Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fiated, the several Sterne of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also the several S urns of Money charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign in respect of any Public Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends or other Annual Payments, shall be continued and raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty within the space of One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall be ascertained, assessed and taxed in such Maimer and Form as are herein after expressed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign on Personal Estates as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby set and imposed on the several and respective Panlhes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places wherein the fame have been or shall be so charged by virtue of the said last mentioned Act; and that towards raising the said several and respective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of such Personal Estate as aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the same Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places respectively, having any Estate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them within Great Britain or without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in Trust for them,

{except and out of the Premises deduded such Sums as he, she or they do bond side owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective Commissioners appointed by this Act; and -'also

38 G. 3. C.f.

38 G. 3. c. 60.

Tune for levying Rates limited.

Sums charged on Personal Estates by 38 G. 3. C.J. imposed 00 Parishes, and raised on Estates, &c.

7oa C-3>

j6* GEORGII m.

A.D. 1816.

Pound Rate.

Paid Quarterly.

Offices and Employments rated by said Act, shall pay the Rate afiefled thereon. 38 G. 3. C. 5.

38 G.3. c. 5.

38 G. 3. e.j.

Commissioners of I, and Tax appointed.

54 G. 3. c. 190.

55 G. 3. c. 150.

38 0.3. C.J.

To be Commissioners for this Act.

Meetings of Commissioners.

also except the Stock* upon Lands, and such Goods as are tiled for Household Staff; and also except such Loans and Debts as are or shall be owing from His Majesty to any Person or Persons, ) shall be chargedkh as much Equality and Indifference as is possible by a Pound Rate, that is to say, by an equal Pound Rate for every One hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every One hundred Pounds Worth of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, and so for any lesser or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the said several and respective Sums by this Act set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, for and upon all and every such Parishes, Con ft able wicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid; so that by the said Rates so to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid for or upoa the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Act the full and entire Sums hereby set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, in England, Wales and Berwick as aforesaid, upon the said Personal Estates, shall be completely and effectually taxed, assessed, levied and collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by Four Quarterly Payments, the First Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for and towards raising the several Sums of Money' charged as last aforesaid on Persons in respect of Public Offices or Employments of Profit, all and every Person and Persons, and all and every Commissioner and Commissioners having, using or exercising any Public Office or Employment of Profit in England, Wales or Berwick as aforesaid, which is or shall be rated or assessed by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Substitutes and other inferior Ministers whatsoever, (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Mutter by the Muster Matter General of His Majesty's Army, or in Pay in His Majesty's Army or Navy in respect of such Offices only excepted, ) shall yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was assessed in the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds and Fraternities, Bodies Politic and Corporate, having an Annuity, Pension, Stipend or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, or out of any Branch of His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, or payable or secured to be paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain, (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any Assessment made upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments mentioned in the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids, ) shall yield and pay unto His Majesty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend or yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be assessed, imposed, levied and collected, in such manner as herein after is mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the better assessing, ordering, levying and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of Great Britain, called England\ Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution, in reference to the fame, all and every the Person and Persons who, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty fourth Year oX His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; or in and by one other Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rectifying Mijlakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have a8ed without due Authority in the Execution of the Acts therein recited; were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the fame Acte within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick ufonTweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, in that Behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places, situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners last aforesaid shall meet together at the moll usual and common Places of Meeting within their respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards and other Divisions respectively, within England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, within which they are appointed Commissioners, on or before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and

sixteen,

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 3.

sixteen, and shall meet afterwards in like manner as often as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this Act in Execution as is hereby committed \o their Care and Charge; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meeting or Meetings, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to inspect and examine the Assessments made by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and ascertain the several and respective Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, in every Parish, Cotistablewick, Division, Allotment or Place, for or in respect of any Estate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, and also for or in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions or Stipends as aforesaid, by any Assess-rnent made for the said Year ending on the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and separate, divide and set down in Writing the Amount of the several and respective Sums charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, and also the several and respective Sums charged in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions or Stipends as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parishes, Con liable wicks, Divisions, Allotments or Places by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum assessed on each Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment or Place, where any Assessment shall have been made upon Personal Estates, or in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions or Stipends, and also the Christian Names and Surnames of the respective Assessors and Collectors under the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place respectively, where such Assessments shall have been mad^, or his Deputy, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted a like Schedule or Duplicate into The King's Remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commissioners shall cause to be done on or before the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, for which Duplicates the Receiver and Remembrancer, or their respective Deputies, shall give to the Person who brings the fame a Receipt in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King's U£e as other Penalties are by this Act recoverable.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place in which any Assessment shall have been or shall be made, under and by virtue of the said last recited Act, on any Person or Persons in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions or Stipends, by any Assessment for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall, from and after that time be wholly discharged from so much of the Sums to be levied upon such Parish or Place, according to the Proportions established under the said recited Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, are provided and established for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the Rates and Assessments granted by the said last mentioned Act y and which by the said other Act passed in the fame Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money novo charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Assessments charged on Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchase thereof shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the said last mentioned Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money to be charged, assessed and levied by virtue of this Act, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other Yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIII. Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, the Town and County of the Town of

Newcastle upon Tyne was charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen

Shillings and Four pence, Part whereof has been xaifiexl and charged on the Duty herein after mentioned:

And Whereas by Two Acts, one thereof passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contrah with the M<ft Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolutt Purchase oj the Property of the said Duke, and all others interesttd, in a certain Duty of Twelve pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be con fumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund;

and the other thereof passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the

Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contraS with the Most Noble ChaHes Duke of Richmond for the abfohste Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve pence per Chaldron on Coeds shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to gratu a Compensation for the fame by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Futuli and by virtue of the Agreement therein recked, the said Doty, from and after the Twenty second Day of

August

7°3

Commissioners to inspect Assessments mads by virtue of 3*G.2. c.£.

Schedule delivered,

and trarifmittdl to Kine's Remembrancer's Office.

[Penalty.]

Places in which Assessment* are made discharged.

Penalties imposed by said Act to extend to Act.

38 G. 3. c. 5.

5*.

39G-3-C-

Commissioners of l-4iud Tsx for Newcastle upon Tyne to certify what Sums have been charged on the Duty on Coek

Where Deficiencies arise new Assessments shall be made.

ComeiHfioners to assess and re-assess such Sums of Money.

Persons to be rated where resident.

Personal Estate to be assessed where it shall be, though the Assessor resides elsewhere.

Double Charges.

Certificate.

No Fee.

Oath of Certificate.

XKTcharge.

Proviso for Personal Estate in Scotland, &c.

Fraud on Taxi-

C. 3. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

August One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, wat vetted in and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the fame hath ever since been collided with and paid as the other Duties of f Customs have been collected and paid; and it ie therefore just that the said Town and County of the said

Town, should from the above Period be exonerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the said Duty as aforesaid Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, what Sura and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last recited Acts mentioned frnce the Day of the Surrender of the fame, by virtue of the said Two last recited Acts, and the Agreement therein mentioned} and the said Barons, or any Two or more of them, have hereby Power by their Discretions, at any Time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the said Duty, since the said Twenty second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine; and the said Sams shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the said Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County shall be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged or ordered to be discharged, by the Barons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Assessments heretofore made as for all Assessments hereafter to be made; any thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proportions set by this A A upon all and every the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and places in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of any such Personal Estate as aforesaid, shall not be fully assessed, levied and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Assessments, in relped of such Personal Estate* shall be rated or imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the same* or that through any Wilfulnefi, Neglect, Mistake or Accident, the said Assessment charged in each Parish or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Act is directed; that then and in all and every such Case or Cases, the several and respective Commissioners, Assessors and Collectors, acting in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Duties on Personal Estates, and the said last mentioned Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorized and required to assess and reaffefs, or cause to be assessed and reassessed, levied and paid all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the spective Parishes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners or such Number of them as by this Act are authorized to cause the said First Assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected, and paid in such manner and by such means as in this Act or any Ad hereby referred to is declared and directed for other Assessments.

XXV. And in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of assessin^ and rating the several Persons who shall be charged with any Rate or Assessment in respect of any Estates m ready Money, Debts, or Personal Estate in England, IValee, or Berwick upon Tweed; Be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of ainy Personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, shall be rated at fitch Place where he or she shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and all Persons not befog Householdera, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Ad$ and if any Person who ought to be taxed in England* Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or her Assessment, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish9 ConfUble* wick, Division, Allotment or Place where he or she were last abiding within this Realm.

XXVI. Provided always, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment or Place where he or she shall be resident, or had his or her Residence, it shall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to rate and assess such Person for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks,

Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the same shall be: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons by reason of his, her or their having several Mansion Houses, or Places of Residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any Personal Estate by occasion of this Act, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of such Commimoners for the County, Riding, City or Place, of his, her or their last Personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her or them, (which Certificate the said Commissioners me hereby required to give without Delay, Fee or Reward, ) and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commissioners who have Authority to put this Act m Execution for the County, Riding, City or Place where the said Certificate shall be nude, (winch Oath such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to adraini&er, ) then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified* be discharged in every other Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment or Place in England, WaUe or Berwick upon Tweed.

XXVII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland', Jersey or Guernsey, for assessing any such Personal Estate which they, or any to their Use, have within those Places, for or towards the faiu Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid; and if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of bia or her Personal E&al*, shall, by changing hu or her Place of Residence, or by any other fraud or Covin,

escap.

A.D. 1816.6° GEORGII III. C. 3. 70$

escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the Commissioners, or any

Two br more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so

escape from the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged, upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of so much TreU« Charge.

as he or she should or ought to have been charged at by this Act; the said Treble Value, upon Certificate Into Exchequer,

thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands, and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XXVIII. And for the better Discovery of Personal Estate intended to be charged by this Act, be it fufr- Housekeeper* ther enacted, That every Householder in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, shall, upon Demand'of S'111* £n the Assessors of the respective Paddies or Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons thriHLodgeii. as shall fojoiirn or lodge in their respective Houses under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the Stlm of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentionedlhail and Penalty, may be levied and recovered.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Member of

Act, during this or the subsequent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of London and West- |£eir

minster, and the Suburbs of the fame, or within the County of Middlesex, shall for or in respect of their ready Mansion*Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Personal Estate or Persons in respect thereof, Houses. during this or the next Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Mansion Houses or other Places where they moll usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in case any Assessor or Commissioner shall assess, or cause to be assessed, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party aggriered the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be P«*dty. recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, together with full Costs of Suit; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be rated in tefpeft of such Personal Estate, and Inhabitants of inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, Wales or Berwick Town* having ttpon Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in one of the Parishes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares Perfvnxl Estate* or Merchandize, in any one or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same, that then such Person

shall be taxed, charged and assessed for such his Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Parish or Ward where where they he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the said City and Town Corporate. reside.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Receipt of His Majesty* Exchequer, and in Officers of Ex-other the Public Offices, upon Request to them made by the tefpeftive Assessors, shall deliver, grafts, true Lifts chequer, Sec. to or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, Stipends or other annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries and other ^el, ^er k* Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, Or in the said Public Offices, to any Commissioner or Commissioners, Aimrides^hen Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, for the better Guidance of the said Assessors in the charging re^Sired. W of the fame; and that in all cases where any Pensions, Annuities, Stipends or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Act, -shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Public Office, or by any of Hrt Majesty's Receivers <0r Paymasters in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, the said la ft mentioned Tax or Payment, Which fn puriitance of Tax flopped out this Act shall be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends* Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, of Pensions, &c. or Profits, shall and may (in case of Nonpayment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the fame or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwift" paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Public Offices aforesaid, shall' Account* keep true Accounts of all Monies (lopped, and (upon Request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper thereof kept. Collector of such Monies for the respective Parishes or Places where the said Monies are assessed by this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, Thdt every Person in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, rftted Officers to pay, or assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the whaveemptoyeft. County, City or Place where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arffing by such!

Office or Employment are payable elsewhere: Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Maftef -of officers in the Rolls, the Mailers in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerics of the Chancery to he Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery, xflcfTedin the that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there assessed to the said last mentioned, RoUf Cherry. Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries and other Profits, and not elsewhere; and the said Matters in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Registers for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Act with relation to the last mentioned Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities* Stipends* and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed to the said last mentioned Duties where such Officers are rated and assessed fortbeiv Offices* and not elsewhere; and that alf other Pensions, Stipends and Annuities in England, Wales and Berwick upon Twcedf not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parishes and Places where they Are payable.

XXXIII. And Whereas divers Offices and Employments of ^Profit chargeable by this Act are executed by Officesexecuted

Deputy, and the principal Officers living in Places remote firolif tfceJ Divumt Partfh or Place where such by Deputy, the ' Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates and Assessmentsf&r stich particular Offices and Employments'

cannot be recovered without great Charge and DifficultyBe t€ therefore enacted/That where any Office or* f*" b, a*

Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act is or shall be execCtfdvby Deputy, Rich Deputy shall pay such Assessment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the fame ouV^of<the>Pro^oLfuch Office or Employment;

and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment thereof, such Deputy shall be lfablefeo ftoch Distress as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to aH other 56G*o. III. 4 X , Remedies

1

70 6

The Queen or Royal Family not chargeable in respect of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. not chargeable.

Residentiaries not chargeable in certain cases.

Pensions to Persons who have acted as Mtni-ftera or Residents at Foreign Courts not liable. Duties not to be charged on Pensions, &c. specially exempted.

Receipt not chargeable with Stamp-Duty.

The Duties on Sugar, Malt and Tobacco, to be further continued.

38 G. 3. c. 6o.

39G. 3. C. 5.

3 G. 3« c. 6o.

0.3. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained 5 and that tfytre shall he the like Remedies for the reat vering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied* in all Cases where the Account of those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer*

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge or be construed to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of tlje Royal Family, for or.ift respect of any* Annuities or yearly Payments granted to Her said Majesty, and to their said Royal Highnesses^ but that such Sums of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and Her said Majesty and their Royal High* nesses, and their Treasurers, Receivers General and Servants for the Time, being, in respect of the lame, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Act, or any of the several Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Peofions of any Superan* nuated Commission or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the Most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only 5 or to charge a certain Pension of One hundred Pounds granted by the late King Charles the Second to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or ta charge the Pensions or Salaries of His Majesty's Pages of Honour, or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any Public Roads, by rcafou of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

XXXV. And Whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Residentiaries of the Cathedral Churches

in England and Wales are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, and in some

cases the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues above such Tax, Repairs and other Charges, is to go in < Shares for the Maintenance of the said Residentiaries, which Shares are diminished by the said Land TaxIt is hereby provided and enacted, That in such cases the said Residentiaries shall not by this Act, or any of the Clauses therein contained, be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or to authorize the deduding from or assessing any Person.under any of the ProVifions of this Act, upon any Annuity, Pension or Stipend, paid to such Person on account of his having been or acted as a Minister or Resident at any Foreign Court.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained in relation to the said several Turns of Money charged as last aforesaid on Pensions in respect of Public Offices or Employments of Profit, or Annuities, Pensions, Stipends or other Annual Payments before described, shall extend or be con* ftrued to extend to charge or to authorize the deduding from or assessing any Person in any case in which the Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites or Gratuities payable in respect of such Office or Employment of Profit, or in which the Annuity, Pension, Stipend or other Annual Payment shall have been specially exempted from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Act of Parliament, or in any case in which any Salary, Wages or Stipend of any Office or Employment, or any other Annual Payment which shall be payable to such Person in respect of such Office or Employment, or of his having held any such Office or Employment, shall by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been directed to be paid Nett or without Deduction, or in any case in which the Sums assessed on any such Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment shall, by like Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been directed to be repaid or reimbursed to the Person assessed out of any Part of the Public Revenue of Great Britain; Provided always, that the Authority for the Payment Nett or without Deduction of the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment, or the Repayment of the Duty assessed on the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment aforesaid, shall be respectively certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Officer or Employment belongs, to be so paid Nett or without Deduction, or to be repaid out of the said Revenue.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Stamp Duty shall he charged or chargeable for any Receipts given by any Receiver General of the Land Tax to any Collector for Payment of Money made by virtue of this Act, any Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

1 XXXIX. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchffc in the manner therein fated, ' the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed

on Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth, and Thirty seventh Years of the Reign of

His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Rfcign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, cUy^n Ad made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the fame should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and granting 1 to 'His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates* in England, Wales and the Town of Ber*

wick upon Tweed, tind certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, for the Service of the Tear One 1 thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which, by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of 1 March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: [And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth

A.D. 181d.

56° GEORGII HL

C-3' 707

Year of the Reign of His^resent Majesty, intituled An Act for making tierpetualy fhbjeS to Redemption and Pur chefe in the manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, at a Land Tan for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, it wap enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth, and Thirty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act trfade in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the fame should be spec rally continued by Parliament, which laid several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 39 G. 3, c. 3J intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftons, Offices and Perfo'nal Estatet, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which, by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven : ] (a) And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and by one other Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported into Great Britain, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and id establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods for making up and presenting certain Accounts of the fend Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day 0V*vApril One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; the said several Duties on Sugar imported from the East Indies were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar so imported in lieu thereof: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties*in Reu thereof \ certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And Whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen Be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and all the Monies arising thereby, which mail be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty. (a) [The Part of this SeSion in Brackets appears to be a Repetition of the former Part,

but it is so on the Roll.]

XL. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Monies paid into Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the.Et^?equ!5 the Exchequer for the fend Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff; and also entered

the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, separate from Pensions, Annuities and Stipends, herein before mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct other Payments, from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of>His Majesty's Treasury, Directing a Sum at any Time or Times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the* Receipt of b7

the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole*the Sum of Three Millions, in S^Trestfury. the feme or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like'Rules arid Directions as are directed and preferred in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present- Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advan- Clauses, &c. in tages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said recited Act, made in the Forty eighth Year J8.?*3*, 0, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer 10

Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further-enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made but an pursuance of this Act Exchequer Bills shall and may bear an Interefb not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Gentum per Annum upon or in re- to bearlnterest. spect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XLIV. And be Undeclared and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the! Governor and' Company of Bank of Eng-the Bank, of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit land authorised of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the ^ainSum on Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King tj, c Credit of William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon this Act. Tonnage of Ships and Vffels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million ftve hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any subsequent Act to the contrary thereof m any wise notwithstanding.

X a XLV. And

Bills fall be placed as Calli in the Exchequer;

and shall be iffuabte thereout in common with other Monies.

Exchequer Bills to be charged upon the Rates and Duties granted by this

a a.

Account of.Exchequer Bills to be uken.

Money due on Exchequer Bills to be paid out of the next Aids.

Surplus Monies te be carried to Consolidated Fund,

The Treasury to allow out of the Consolidated Fund the necessary Charges of making forth new Exchequer Bills;

and afterwards to be replaced out of the First Supplies.

Act altered, &c.

C. 3, 4. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

XLV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act, to be placed as lo much Calli in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Teller shall be severally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively 5 any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Calli, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in Part of the Remains, in Real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from time to time (land charged in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to i(Fue and apply the fame from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties and Assessments, granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time, to direct to be issued to the said Paymasters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods as the said Commissioners shall think-necessary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Interest to become due on the said Bills, and for or towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bilb or any of them*

XLVI 11* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof shall before that time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall them remain undischarged.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the lame, shall be paid and Satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties and Assessments, granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

LI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Consolidated Fund, from time to time, the necessary Charges of making forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other Charges as mall be necet-farily incident, in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, in relation to the said Bills, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIT. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Lit I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[4th March 1816.]

u TREASURY may raise n, oooo, ooooi. by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. J. c. 1. — § I. The clauses, &c. in recited Act extended to this Act., §2. Treasury to apply the Money raised, §3. Exchequer Bills payable out of Supplies for next Session, §4. Interest 3^d. per Cent. per Diemf §5* " Exchequer Bills current at Exchequer after April 5, 1817.- — $ 6. Bank of England may advance*9, oooo, ooool. on Credit of Ad, notvnthstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — §7* Ad altered, amended or, < repealed this Session, j 8*

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 5. 709

Cap. v.

An Act to extend the Power* o t att Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence of Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences.

[4th March 18x6.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 14 ©.3. Sess. a. An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offender/, and to authort % e the Removal of C*J*.

Prisoners in certain cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty 37 G. 3. c. 140.

more easily and effeSucdly to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial,

and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences, certain Provisions of the said former Act relating to the*Transportation of Offenders convicted at Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, were extended*to the Transportation and Imprisonment of Persons Capitally convicted .before Courts Martial, but to whom*His Majesty should be graciously pleased to grant a Pardon on Condition of Transportation, or of Imprisonment, or being kept to hard Labour: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of 55 G. 3, 0.156.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Transportation of Off fenders, to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen9 the said Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign has been repealed: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty may not have in part repealed the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign For Removal whereof, and in order to enlarge and extend the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign aforesaid as herein after mentioned, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever His Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend His Benefits of con-Royal Mercy to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a Naval Court Martial on f'tional Pardon Condition of Transportation or Imprisonment, or of being kept to hard Labour for Life, or for any Term of CounVMmiaT Years, it shall and may be lawful, on a Communication of the Intention of His Majesty from the Lords Com- how carried into missioners of the Admiralty, or any Three or more of them, for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of Execution. State to notify to any Justice of The King's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, such Intention of Mercy as aforesaid 5 whereupon the said Justice or Baron shall allow such Offender the Benefit of such conditional Pardon as shall be expressed in such Notification, in the same manner as if a conditional Pardon to the fame Effect had passed under the Great Seal for that Purpose; and the said Justice or Baron, and all other Officers or Persons whatsoever, are to make such Order or Orders, and to do and perform all such Act or Acts for the carrying into effect the Punishment mentioned in such conditional Pardon, as may be required by the said Acts of the Thirty seventh and Fifty fifth Years of His c* I*a

said Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts which may be in force at the time when such conditional Pardon 5/0.3. c. ij6. shall be granted for carrying into Execution any Sentence of Transportation or Imprisonment, or to be kept to hard Labour, passed at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in the United Kingdom; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey such Order or Orders, and be assistant in the Execution thereof, and of all such Act or Acts as aforesaid, and be liable to the fame Punishment for Neglect, Disobedience or Interruption of the fame, as they would be if the said Offender had been convicted by any Court of Oyer and 7Vr-miner or Gaol Delivery, and as if such Order and Orders had been made, and such Act or Acts performed, or required to be performed in pursuance of such Conviction.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to cause any Offender who Offender* re-may be in Prison or Confinement after or under any Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, or after or under any moved fron1 ont conditional Pardon as aforesaid, to be removed from the Prison or Place of Confinement in which he may at ?oan-

any time be, to such other fit and proper Prison or Place of Confinement being a Public Gaol, Prison, Hulk, oib^T Penitentiary House or House of Correction, within the United Kingdom, as to His Majesty may seem expedient; and any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State is hereby authorized and empowered to issue a Warrant or other Instrument under his Hand for such Removal, and for carrying into Execution such Part or Parts of such Sentence as may remain unexpired or unsatisfied, or for which His Majesty's Gracious Pardon may not have been granted; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Warrant or Instrument, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punishment for Neglect, Disobedience or interruption of the fame, as if the said Person were under Sentence of a Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for such Imprisonment, as in the said Warrant may be specified.

III. And be it further enacted, That during the Imprisonment of any Officer, Petty Officer or Seaman, Pay of Offenders or Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private of Royal Marines in any Gaol or Prison, or other Place of floppy during Confinement in pursuance of any such Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, or under any conditional Pardon, ImP*r, fonment' or Order or Warrant for Removal as aforesaid, all Pay and Wages of such Officer, Petty Officer or Seaman, or Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private of Royal Marines shall be suspended and flopped, and the Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant, in whose Custody such Officer, Petty Officer or Seaman, or Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private of Royal Marines may be, shall receive and apply, in the Suh-fistence and Support of every such Prisoner, an Allowance of such a Sum of Money per Diem as shall at that Allowance to Qmdc be appointed by any Act of Parliament for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Force*.while Gaoler,

on

7io C. 5, 6, 7. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

' on Shore, to be paid to any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison or House of Correction for the Subsistence of any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine committed into their Custody under such Act, and which Allowance the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being are hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy or the Paymaster of Royal Marines, as the case may be, to the said Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant accordingly.

In cases of In-

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being in Prison or Confinement under any such Sentence, or r^rtue of ariy such Warrant or instrument as aforesaid, shall become insane, and shall be certified by Lunatic Asylum. Two Physicians or Surgeons to be insane, it shall and may be lawful for One of the said Secretaries of State to direct, by a Warrant or Instrument under his Hand, the Removal of such Person to such Lunatic Asylam, or other proper Receptacle for Insane Persons in the United Kingdom, as he may judge proper, for the un«* expired Term of any such Sentence or Imprisonment or Confinement 5 and if any such Person should be in the same manner certified to be of found Mind, the said Secretary of State may issue a a similar Warrant or Instrument for his being removed to such Prison or Place of Confinement as he may deem expedient.

CAP. VL

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England.

[22d March 1816.]

54 G. 3. c. 175. 1 TX^PEREAS* an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

continued.«V V A3 to explain and amend federal Acts relating to Spiritual Person* holding of Farm*, and for enforcing

9 the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England, for One Tear, and from thence until Six Week*9after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act Should be continued Be it therefore enacted by the The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

48 G. 3. c. 3.

SS 0.3. c. 16.

Bank to continue Loan of 3, 000, 0001. without Interest.

Exchequer Bills iifiied under 48 G. 3. c. 3. to remain a Security for Loan, and payable on April c. 1818.

CAP. VII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and amend an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[2 ad March 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of9Three Million* towara* the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight: And

Whereas another Act passed in the iaft Session of Parliament to continue and amend the said recited Act:

'9' And Whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and have agreed to continue

the Loan of the said Sum of Three Millions advanced under the Provisions of the said recited Act, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, without Interest: ' Now, therefore, We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to continue the Advance and Loan to His Majesty made in pursuance of the said first recited Act, upon the Credit of Exchequer Bills authorized to be issued and iffoed under the said Act, of the Sum of Three Millions without Interest, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen 5 any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills made out under the Provisions of the said first recited Act for securing the said Advance of Three Millions, shall remain and continue as a Security for the Repayment of the said Sum of Money at the Period by this Act specified, in like manner in every respect as if new Exchequer Bills were made out for that Purpose, payable on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and shall, together with all Charges incident to or attending the fame, ' be and ate hereby charged and chargeable upon, and1 shall be repaid or borne by or out of the Aids or Supplies1 which shall be granted by Parliament for the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, then all the said Exchequer Bills with the Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies ks at any time or times at or after fuchiPeriod shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated'Fund (except fudh Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf! 5 and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be iffudd $md applied as soon as the fame can be regularly stated and fcfcert&ined, for and towards paying off, cancelling

and

A.D. 1816.6° GEORGII III. C. 7, 8, g. .71 i

tod discharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges until the vybofe of them shall be paid oft, .cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purjpose be kept and referred in the Exchequer* to he .payable on demand to the respective Proprietors thereof*

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so ifloed out of the said How Monies Consolidated Fund shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted

by Parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided afro, and be it further enacted, That no Interest, shall be payable or paid upon or in respect Exchequer Bilit

of the said Exchequer Bills: Provided always, that in case Provision shall not be made by Parliament for to bear Interest Payment of the said Exchequer Bills, so that the same shall be fully paid and discharged on or before the said if Provision not-Fifth'Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, then apd in such case the said Exchequer Bills, fa P*y-sr such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of Abril One thou-

{and eight hundred and eighteen, bear Interest at and after the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Ceu- 1

turn per Annum; and such Interest is hereby made chargeable and charged upon, and shall be borne and paid by and out of the fame Fund as the Principal Money payable in respect of the said Exchequer Bilh is by this Act charged arid chargeable upon; any thing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an A fit of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope.

[22d March 1816 ]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned is near expiring, and fif to be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to £9* 3- *7-authorize His Majesty during the present War to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and tinned! C°n- from The Cape of Good Hope $ which was revived and continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of [54 G. 3.

His present Majesty, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thou- c* land eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. IX.

An Act for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Passage Vessels entering or departing any of the Ports of Great Britain.

[22d March 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a Tonnage Duty should be imposed upon French Packets or Passage

Vessels, on their entering and departing any of the Ports of Great Britain % equivalent to the Duty

now payable on British Packets or Passage Vessels entering and departing the Ports of France* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

feme, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, collected, levied and paid unto His French Pickets,

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Tonnage Duty at and after the Rate of Three Shillings and Six pence of &c- to pay Duty.

good and lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every Ton Burthen of every Packet or Passage Vessel

belonging to the Subjects of His Most Christian Majesty, which shall lade or unlade any Goods, Wares or

Merchandize, or take in or set on Shore any Passengers in any Port, Creek, Harbour or Road of Great Britain, and that the Tonnage of every such Vessel shall, in case of Doubt or Dispute as to the fame, be afeer-

tained by the proper Officers of the Customs by Admeasurement, in manner directed by an Act passed in

the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement 16 0.3. c. 60.

and Encrease of Shipping and Navigation.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Pickets notpay-Customs, to stop and detain any Packet or Passage Vessel liable to the Payment of the said Duty, until the"8 Dd^ <jetain' fame is paid as aforesaid; and in case Payment thereof shall not be made for the Space of Thirty Days after and fod' the Arrival of such Vessel at any such Port, Creek, Harbour or Road in this Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them, to cause such Packet or Passage Vessel, and her Masts, Apparel and Furniture, ' to be {bid publicly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, first to the Charges that (halTarife by such Detention and Sale, next to the said Duty imposed by this Act, and the Overplus to- be paid to the Proprietor of such Packet or Passage Vessel or other Person duly authorized by such Proprietor to receive the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed shall be paid into the Hands of Duty under the proper Officers of His Majesty's Customs at the respective Ports or Places where such Duty-shall become Commissioners due and payable; and such Duty shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's of Customs. Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

IV. And, to the Intent that the said Duty may be duly answered.and paid, be it further enacted, That no No Entry taken Officer of His Majesty's Customs whatever, at any of the said Ports or Places in Great Britain where such till Duty paid. Duty shall become due and payable, shall, from and after the said passing of this Act, take or receive any

Entry

7ia- C. 9, io.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Duty tp-plied.

Majesty empowered to fix Duty to be paid for Packets of other Foreign Countries.

Duty managed as Duty on French Packets.

Proviso for

Vessels of

Pleasure.

Entry or Report Outwards for any such Vessel liable or subject to the said Duty, nor grant any Cocquet for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize intended to be shipped on board any such Vessel, or shall such Vessel be permitted to depart from any such Port or Place until the said Duty shall be paid pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to the respective Collectors or other principal Officers of His Majesty's Customs authorized to receive the same, and until the Matter or Owner of any such Vessel subject to the Payment of such Duty shall shew to such respective Officer a Receipt for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from time to time arising by the Duties by this Act

>r*the fame respectively excepted),

___cquer at fVe/!minJ?er9 and shall be

______ impaled by an Act passed in the Forty

ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the fevered Duties of Gufoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof are airedted to be appropriated and applied.

VI. And Whereas British Packets or Passage Vessels entering or clearing out from the Ports or Harbours of other Foreign Countries are subject and liable to certain Impofta in the Nature of Tonnage Duties, Port Duties, Harbour Dues or otherwise: And Whereas such Imposts are continually varying in Amount; and it is expedient for the Protection of the Navigation of Great Britain, that His Majesty should be empowered to levy on the Packets or Passage Vessels of such Foreign Countries similar Duties, and to alter or entirely revoke the same as such Duties may be altered or revoked on British Packets or Passage Vessels in such Foreign Countries* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order or Orders in Council to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to direct such Duty or Duties as shall be therein specified, to be levied, collated and paid in the Ports of Great Britain on the entering or clearing out of tnc Packets or Passage Vessels of such Foreign Countries as shall be named in the said Proclamations or Orders in Council, and from time to time, by any such Proclamations or Orders in Council issued or published as aforesaid, to revoke, dhniniftt or increase such Duties to the fame Amount as similar Duties may be respectively revoked, diminished or increased on British Packets or Passage Vessels entering or clearing out from the Ports or Harbours of such Foreign Countries.

VII. And be it further enacted, That on such Duty being so declared as aforesaid, the same shall be collected, managed, paid and recovered in the same manner, and subject and liable to the same Rules and Regulations as the Duty on French Packets or Passage Vessels are by this Act dire died to be collected, managed, paid and recovered.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, nor any thing herein contained, shall extend or be conftnied to extend to any Ship or Vessel used only for the Purposes of Pleasure, and which shall not carry any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Passengers for Hire or Reward.

Number of Forces 176, 615.

Officers, See. mutinying or deferring, Sec.

CAP. X.

An Act for punishing Mutiny ani Diefertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[22d March 18 id.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 W and Ireland, in time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And Whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United kingdom, the Defence of the PoflVflions of His Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of One hundred and seventy six thousand six hundred and fifteen effective Officers and Men, exclusive of Hist Majesty's Forces employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, the Foreign*Corps in British Pay, and the embodied Militia: And Whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm 5 yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall 4 'desert His Majesty VService, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or mall mi (be have himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress or Poll to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame \ or shall speak Words, or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy; or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall

11 leave

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 10, 11. 713

or shall be found deeping upon or shall desert hit Post, &c. or shall (trike er disobey his superior Officer, shall suffer Death, or such PudUhroent as a Court Martial may inflict. Recruits discharged previous to March 15, 18x6, before Expiration of 24, Hours after Enlistment, not proceeded against as Desert ers.

Any Person confessing hira-self 1 Deserter, deemed duly enlisted.

leave his PoR before relieved; or shall be found sleeping on his Poll; or shall hold Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, MeRages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall llrike or use any Violence againR his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office 5 or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of tta Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

[ Sessions 2. to 93. are the same as the like Sections of G. 3. c. 108.]

XCIV. And Whereas many Justices and Chief Magistrates have erroneoully discharged Recruits before the

Expiration of Twenty four Hours after the time of their Enlillment: And Whereas such Recruits are in,

consequence liable to be treated as Deserters through such Error of the Justice or Chief Magistrate, and

without any evil Intention on their own Part Be it therefore enacted, That no such Recruit who shall have been so erroneoully discharged by a JuRice or Chief Magistrate previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having absconded or deserted from His Majesty's Service.

[SeSion 95. is the same as Section 91. of 55 G. 3. c. 108., and SeSions96. to 116. are the same as Sessions 95.

to 115. of 55 G. 3. c. 108.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deserter from any Regiment or Corps of His MajeRv's Regular or Militia Forces, or of the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or who, upon being apprehended for Desertion or any other Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Magistrate, confess himself to be a Deserter from any such Regiment or Corps, shall be deemed to have been duly enliRed, and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve m any such Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His MaieRy's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such person shall have been ever actually enliRed as a Soldier or not.

[Sessions 118. to 158. the same as Sessions 117. to 157. and all the Schedules from Schedule (A.) to Schedule (O.) the same as all the Schedules from Schedule (A.) to Schedule (O.) of 55 G. 3. c. 108.]

CAP. XI.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[22d March 1816.]

[This Act is the same as 55 G. 3. c. 21. except as to Dates and as to the ScQions that are here retained, and all the Schedules are the same as the Schedules to G. 3. c. 21.]

XI. AND be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall intend any such Sentence of a Court How Order for Martial to be carried into Execution, or shall be graciously pleased to extend his Mercy, upon Condition of Trinfpartatiott Transportation, to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, such Sentence, together with His Majesty's Pleasure upon the fame, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High ce Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to any JuRice of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, and thereupon such JuRice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender upon the Terms and for the time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon the fame, as any such JuRice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of making any such Orders in relation to the Transportation of Offenders; and such Order and Orders so to be made, and all such Acts as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by such Person in whose CuRody such Offender shall at that time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual and have all the fame Consequences as any Order made under the Authority of the said Act with respect to any Offends* in the said Act mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant whom it may concern, and all ConRables, and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be afliRant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punishment for Disobedience, or interrupting the Execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Act; and every Person so ordered to be 'transported as aforesaid shall be subject respectively to all and every the Provision and Provisions made by Law, and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving His Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of Offenders by General Courts Martial to be held by Oaths to h* virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the taken by all following Oaths upon the Holy EvangeliRs, before the Court and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, (who are Members of a hereby authorized to administer the same, ) in these Words 5 that is to say, Mania!.COUU

4 YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence which shall be given in the Matter Oaths.

now before you, between our Sovereign Lord The King's Majesty and the Prisoner to be tried:

4 So help you GODk>

J A* B. do swear. That will duly administer JuRice, according to an Act of Parliament nowin force,

for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Sborey and according to the Rules and

Articles made in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and

56 Geo. III. 4 Y«other

ji4 C. 11.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

The Judge Advocate to be sworn.

The Oath.

In Sentences of Death what Number of Officers shall concur, fee.

Hours of Trial. Witnesses during their Attendance privileged from Arrdt.

None to be tried a Second Time for the (amt Offence, uniats in case of Appeal.

XJonstables, ttc. may apprehend Deserters, and carry them before a Justice;

«ud transmit an Account to the Secretary of the Admiralty, 8tc. Gaol Keeper to receive the Sub-fiftfcrtcc of De-fettfcfs.

Reward for taking up Deserters.

other Crimed therein fespectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Afie&toa; and if any Doubt s shall arise (which is not explained by the said Act of Parliament, or the said Rules and Articles), according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in like cases: And I further swear, That will not divulge the Sentence of the Court, untif it shall be approved by the Lord High Ad- s miral, or Three of more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; neither will I, upon any Account at any tkne whatsoever, difelofe or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial utdefs required to give t Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law* So hup me GOD.9

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

J A* B. do swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any time whatsoever, difelofe or discover the

Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence there-

i of, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

And no Sentence of Death shall be given agaitift any Offender by any such General Court Martial as aforesaid, unless Nine Officers present, or where the Court Martial shall confilt of Seven Members, unless Five Officers present shall concur therein; and if there be more Officers present than Thirteen or Seven respectively, then the Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two Thirds of the Officers present; and no Proceeding dr Trial shall be had Upon any Offedce, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Mormnjrand Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, that all vVit-nesses duly fumrfiohed by the Judge Advocate or the Person officiating as such shall, during their^necessary Attendance in such Courte, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest in like manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged, and that if any such Witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such Arrest by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by Which such Witness was arrested; or if the Court out of which the Writ or ProcefB issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin? or the Court of tiessions in Scotland> or Courts of Law in the W{fl Indies, according as the case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge by Affidavit in a summary Way that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court Martial; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Court, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Session in Scotland? or Courts of Law in the West Indies respectively, upon Complaint i made to the said Courts of King's Bench or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, In like manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no Marine, either Officer or Private Man, being acquitted 6t convicted of any Offence at any such Court Martial as aforesaid, shall be liable to be tried a Second Titne by the fame or any other Court Martial, for the fame Offence; unless in the case of an Appeal from a Divisional to a General Court Martial, and that no Sentence given by any Court Martial, and figrted by the President thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

1 L. And Whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert and be found wander*

ing, or otherwise abfettting themselves illegally from His Majesty's ServiceIt is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Con ft able, Headborough or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Person who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deserter shall be found, or if no such Con-liable, Headborough or Tithingman can be immediately met with, then for any Marine Officer or Marine to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be appended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Wit-heffes upon Oath, or by Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such faf-pefted Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, whether loch Company shall be employed on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or quartered on shore, or employed on board any Transport Ship or Merchant Ship or Vessel, such Justice of the Peace shall, without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk, forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where Be shall be found; or to the Hottfe of Correction or other public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy? in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Westmi'njler, or Places adjacent: and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, and to the Commandant of the Division to which the said Deserter may belong, to the end that such Person may be proceeded against according to Law $ and the Keeper of every Gaol, Hoafe of Correction or Prison, mall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter, during the time he (KaU continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter \ but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not with (landing: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, if he should think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay or any Portion thereof, to or on account of such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine dvring or after the Expiration of his Period of Imprisonment in any Gaol or House of Correction or other public Prison.

LI. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserter, be it further enacted, That such Justice of the Peace (hatl also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or Township in Great Britain, where such Deserter

A.D. 1816. 56 GEORGII III. C.u. 71J

ferter shall be apprehended, or in Ireland, to the CoUe&or or CoUe&ors of His Majesty's Revenue in the District where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to arise in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from His Majesty's Service, the Sum of Three Pounds, for every such Deserter that feaH be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of Three Pounds shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account; the Magistrate informing the Commandant of the Division to which such Deserter may belong, that the fame may be charged against his Pay and Subsisteace.

LVI. And Whereas many Justices and Chief Magistrates have erroneously discharged Recruits before the Recruits dif-

Expiration of Twenty four Hours after the Time of their Enhftment: And Whereas such Recruits are in ch^ld Prev, ov

consequence liable to be treated as Deserters through such Error of the Just fee or Chief Magistrate, and ^, 5 befor^the

without any Evil Intention on their own Part; Be it therefore eoaded, That no such Recruit who shall Expiration of 24

have been so erroneously discharged by a Justice or Chief Migiftnte previous to the Twenty fifth Day of Hours after En-March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, (haRbe liable on that Account to he proceeded against as lament, not to having absconded or deserted from His Majesty's Service* Pr'Jcee^fd

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Pierlbn taking a folfe Oath in any <etfe wherein an Oath is ferters.* required to be taken by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and befog thereof duly False Qatha convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of pexjury. wilful and corrupt Perjury are fobjed and liable to*

LIX. 4 And Whereas Marines absent on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers are Furlough ex.

fometknes prevented by Sickness, or other unavoidable Casualty, from returning to their Duty before the «case Expiration of the Time limited by such Furlough 5 and Doubts hare arisen whether so such cases the Eaten- of s, cknc">*

ikra of a Marine's Furlough by a Justice of the Peace be fimdsoaed bj iegid Authority, and effectual for preventing such Marine from being apprehended upon Suspicion of ins having deserted Be it further enacted, That any Iafpeding Field Omoer, stationed on the Recruiting Service, or any Officer of the R*nk of Captain or of lupenor Rank, or any Adjutant of Local Militia within the District.; or in case there be no such Officer as aforesaid within a convenient Distance, that any Justice of the Peace may and he is hereby authorized to grant in Writing under his Hand an Extension of Furlough to any Non Cotmmffioeed Officer or Marine applying for the fame on account of Sickness or other Casualty which shall on due Enquiry appear to render such Extension necessary; and that every such Officer or Justice of the Peace, who shall grant to any Non Commissioned Officer or Marine an Extension of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the fame# with the Cause of its being so granted, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and the Commandant of the Division to which the said Marine may belong, and that such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine during the Period to which his Furlough shall nave been so extended as aforesaid shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the ground of his having deserted, or of criminally absenting himself from nis Diviffen:

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Non Commissioned Provife.

[Proviso.]

Officer or Marine, whose Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, from befog proceeded against and puntfo|d according to the Provisions of this Act, should it thereafter appear that such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine nad obtained the Extension of his Furlough by false Representation made to such Officer or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fame, had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Disciphne: Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any Justice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding the District where such Marine shall be.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer, or Penalty on Con-Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, Rail quarto: or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting any Marine Officers or Private Men, feallnegled or refuse for the Space of Two Hours to quarter J^erMa-or billet such Officers or Marines when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided ^ines; sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Forces; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree for or taking any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse Money to ex-any Person or Persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses, any a°y Pcff°" such Officer or Marine; or in case any Victualler, or any other Person liable by this Act to have any Officer a^o^Viihial- or Marine billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or to afford proper Accommodation to iers refuting to or to vidual amry such Officer or Marine so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refuse receive Marine*, to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the several Things hereinbefore respectively directed to be formfeed or allowed to Non Commissioned Officers or Marines so quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforesaid, at the Rate which is or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that Behalf, and shall be thereof convicted, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County,

City or Liberty within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby em- Oath -adnunif-powered to administer), every such High Conftaole, Constable, Beadle or other Officer or Person so offending, tered. feaU forfeit for every Inch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, or any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less Penalty, than Forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter feallbe heard, shall in his or their Discretion think fit); to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of One or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parife where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum to the Poor.

of Five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, when levied, to be

4 Y 2 paid

716

Service to be to His Majesty's Heirs and Successors.

Apprentices in Scotland, &c.

7 Jac. i. c. 2.

t G i. Scat. 2. c. A.

Bill exhibited without Clause mentioned in tail recited AO,

&c.

C.n, 12. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

LXXV. And Whereas it is highly expedient, that no doubt should remain as to the Service of Royal*Marines by reason of any Omission of His Majesty's Heirs and Successors in any Oath of Attestation; Be it therefore declared and enacted, That any Oath and Attestation' of Service heretofore or hereafter taken and made to His Majesty, is and shall be deemed and construed to be an Oath of Service to His Majesty's Heirs and Successors as the Sovereign of the Realm for the time being, as fully and effectually, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Words, Heirs and Successors, had been inserted in any such Oath or Attestation.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Master in Scotland shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Marine, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at least Four Years by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period 01 Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture so duly executed shall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Just ice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice, a Certificate or Declaration signed by liim, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall when claimed by such Master be under Twenty one Years of Age, and unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace, and before such Justice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.): Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover any such Apprentice in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven Years in England, Five Years in Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Alan, os Four Years in Scotland

CAP. XII.

An Act: for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfeti, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

[28 th Alarch 1816.]

WHEREAS His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of His Most Sacred Majesty, has, to the universal Joy and Satisfaction of His Majesty's Subjects, judged it proper that an Alliance should be contrafted between the Family of His Majesty and His Serene*Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave oi Thuringuen, Prince*of Cobourg of Saalfeld; and has therefore, in the Name and on Behalf of His Majesty, consented, with the full Agreement of the Parties interested, that a Marriage shall be celebrated between the Most High and Illuftriou8 Princess Charlotte Augujla, Daughter of His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales, Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and His Serene Highness: And Whereas a more grateful Proof of the Esteem and Affection of this Kingdom cannot be given to His Serene Highness, thaa by an Act of Naturalization to make him capable of enjoying those Rights and Liberties which are enjoyed in this Realm: And Whereas by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, every Person is required to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper within One Month before any Bill for Naturalization be exhibited, and also to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance in the Parliament House, before his or her Bill be twice read: And Whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of His Majesty King George the First, it was enacted, that no Person shall be naturalized unless in the Bill exhibited for that Purpose, a proper Clause or particular Words be inserted to declare that such Person shall not thereby be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to take any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments from The Crown, to himself or any other Person in Trust for him; and that no Bill should from thenceforth be received in either House of Parliament, unless such Clause or Words be first inserted or contained therein; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confront of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Bill for the Naturalization of the His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, without the Clause or particular Words directed by the said last recited Act to be inserted, and without his receiving the Sacrament, or taking the Oaths by the first recited Act required, shall and may be exhibited and brought into this Parliament and twice read; the said recited Acts, or any other Law, Statute, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 13, 14. 717

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Naturalization of His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld; and settling his Precedence.

[29th March 1816.]

WHEREAS His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of His Most Sacred Majesty, has, to the universal Joy and Satisfaction of His Majesty's SuWefts, judged it proper that an Alliance mould be contracted between the Family of His Majesty and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld; and has therefore, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, consented, with the full Agreement of the Parties interested, that a Marriage should be celebrated between the Most High and Illustrious Princess Charlotte Augufia, Daughter of His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales, Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and His Serene Highness: And Whereas a more grateful Proof of the Esteem and Affection of this Kingdom cannot be given to His Serene Highness, than by an Act of Naturalization to make him capable of enjoying those Rights and Liberties which are enjoyed in this Realm; ' We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Mar- His Serene grave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg 01 Saalfeld, when and so soon as he shall have Highness after taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Lord High Chancellor, which Oaths the Lord tak, nS Oatha» High Chancellor is hereby authorized to administer, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, deemed, taken and esteemed a natural born Subject of this Kingdom, as if His Highness had been born within this rn u J Realm; any Law, Statute, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Chancellor shall, immediately after such Oaths Certificate re-

shall have been taken before him, certify the fame, and cause such Certificate to be recorded in the High corded in Court Court of Chancery. of Chancery.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Marriage shall have been celebrated, it His Majesty ro shall be lawful for His Majesty to give to the said Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of sive llim l>rec" Meijfen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, for and during the Term of his natural Life, dence 411(1 ^ank* such Precedence and Rank before the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, and all other

great Officers, and the Dukes fother than and except the Dukes of the Blood Royal), and all other Peers of this Realm, as His Majesty shall deem fit and proper; any Law, Statute or Custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Six Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. [11th April 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and have agreed to ad-

vance, towards the Supply granted to Your Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of Six Millions on the Security of Exchequer Bills, to be made payable

4 at the End of Two Years certain from the passing of this Act, and to continue for Three Years longer from

such Period, subject to Repayment upon Six Months Notice, to be given at any time between the Tenth

Day of 0Bober in any Year and the Fifth Day of April following, either by the Lords Commissioners of

His Majesty's Treasury to the Bank of England, or by the Bank to the said Lords Commissioners; ' Now,

we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise with as much Ease and Advantage as possible to

Your Majesty's Subjects the necessary Supplies for the Service of the present Year, do most humbly beseech

Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank empower-

Bank of England, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to advance ed to lend Six

and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized Millions.

to be issued under this Act, the Sum of Six Millions; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament

to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- Treasury to

fury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer make out Ex-

Bills to be made out, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of Six Millions, chequer Bill*.

to bear Date on the Day on which the same shall actually be issued, in the fame or like Manner, Form and

Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Direction9, as are prescribed in and by an Act passed in the

Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying 48 G. 3. c.i.

ojf of Exchequer Bilk.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during the Period the said Sum of Six Millions, and No Alteration also the Sum of Three Millions advanced by the said Governor and Company towards the Supply of the Year

7*8 c-r4>5-

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Interest paid on Bills.

[Proviso.]

Bank to with- One thousand eight hundred and eight (a), and continued without Interest by several subsequent Acts, shall draw Money in continUe so advanced by the said Governor and Company, no Alteration shall be made in the Usage established Security^ BHls at t^le chequer, of permitting the said Governor and Company to withdraw the Monies in the Receipt of SfC.*the Exchequer upon the Security of Exchequer Bills or Notes of the said Governor and Company of the

Bonk of England, to the full Amount of such Monies so withdrawn, being deposited in the Chests of the Tellers of the Exchequer by the said Governor and Company 5 nor shall any of the Accounts now by Law directed to be kept at the Bank of England, by any Person or Persons employed either in the Receipt of the Public Revenue, or in issuing or paying the Public Expenditure, or in any other Employment or Department of Government, be withdrawn from thence during the above Period. [(a) 48 G. 3. c. .3

Gd3d C Afl And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages,

exten e to.penaitjegj Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to Exchequer Bills, except as far as the fame may be altered by this Act, or be contrary to any of the Provisions thereof, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as it the fame had been originally authorized by the last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be payable yearly upon the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, out of any Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and the whole of the said Exchequer Bills with all Interest due thereon shall be repaid to the said Governor and Company at the End of Two Years certain from the passing of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company to continue the Loan of the said Sum of Six Millions for Three Years longer from the Period when the same shall be so payable, subject to Repayment upon Six Months Notice being given between the Tenth Day of 0Sober in any Year and the Fifth Day of April following, either by the fmd Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to the said Governor and Company or oy the said Governor and Company to the said Lords Commissioners: Provided always, that such Notice shall in no case be given before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: Provided also, that Interest shall be paid annually upon all the said Exchequer Bills which shall continue and remain due to the said Governor and Company until the final Payment and Discharge thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills, and all Charges incident to or attendmgthe fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the First Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Current Yen in which the said Sum of Six Millions shall become due as aforesaid; and in case sufficienrt Aids or Supplies for that Purposie shall not be granted, then all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any time or times, at or after such Period, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf), and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the feme can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the rfespective Proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Whatever Monies shall be so fffiied out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be then after granted by Parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ProvNo.

[Proviso.]

Exchequer Bills repaid out of any Supplies in the Year; if sufficient Sup plies not granted, out of Consolidated Fund.

Monies issued how replaced.

On Importation of American Goods in American Vessels no higher Duties paid than if imported m a British Ship.

49 °-3- C. 98.

CAP. XV.

An Act to catty into 'effect a Convention of Commerce, concluded between His Majesty and The United States of America. £uth April 1816.]

WHEREAS a Convention of Commerce and Navigation has been concluded between His Majesty and

The United States of America: And Whereas it is expedient to give Effect to such Parts of the said Convention as require the Session of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the Importation, into any Part of the United Kingdom, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any of the Territories of the United States of America, imported direct from the said Territories, in any Ship or Vessel built in the Countries belonging to the said States, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the said States, having Commimons or Letters of Marque and Reprizal from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such Ship or Vessel being owned by the Subject of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Master and Three Fourths of the Mariners are aHo Subjects of the said States, no higher or other Duties shall be charged or paid, than such as are charged and payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the like Denomination or Description, being the Growth, Prododionor Manufacture of any of the Territories of the United States of America, and being imported in Briti/l&vakL Ships or Vessels navigated and registered according to Law; any thing contained in an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the federal ^Duties of

13 Custmi

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 15, 16. 719

Cufhmi chargeable in Great Britain, and far granting other Duties in lien thereof) or any other Act# to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom of any Goods, Wares On Export of or Merchandise, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said United Kingdom, or any of His Majesty's Territories in Europe, direct to any of the Territories of the United States of America* in any Ship or Vessel built in the said States, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned!, higher Duties no-higher or other Duties shall be paid or payable than such as are charged or imposed upon such Goods, paid, than if ex-Wares or Merchandize, when exported in a British A*\x£it Ship or Vessel, navigated and registered according ported in to Law.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom of any Goods, Wares L^e Bounties

or Merchandize, the Growth, Production or Maaafacture of the taid United Kingdom, or any of His Majesty's j£, d Territories in Europe, in any Ship or Vessel built in the said United States of America, or condemned as America in Prize there, and being owned and navigated aa hereinbefore mentioned, the tame Bounty or Allowance shall be American Vef-paid as at the Time of such Exportation may be allowed, upon the Exportation thereof, in any 2?ri7//$-txiilt fels, as if ex-Ship or Vessel, navigated and registered according to Law. ported in British

IV. And be it further eaa&ed, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend

to repeal or in any wise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage or Portage, or any other Duties pay- Dl£ie* P*ya.We able to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said l°f x^don^&c. " City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate, within Great Britain; or any other special not affected. Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to Ad altered, &c. be passed in this Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force long as the Convention between Continuance of His Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for better regulating the Offices of Receivers of Crown Rents. [11th April 181*6.]

WHEREAS the Rents, Issues and Revenues of the Honors, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Lands,

V\ Tenements, Rents, Services or other Hereditaments and Possessions of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, 'within the Ordering, Government and Survey of the Court of Exchequer, have been usually here- tofore collected by Persons holding the Offices of Receivers of the Land Revenues, in the several Counties in England and Wales in which such Possessions are situate, or the Deputies of such Persons: And Whereas the Office or Offices of Receiver General of the Rents, Issues and Revenues of the said Possessioss of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the several Counties of Essex, Hertford, Mid

dlesex, Norfolk and Huntingdon* and in the City of London, is and are now held and enjoyed by Wdlker Lord Bishop of Rochester, Tor his Life, by virtue of Letters Patent bearing Date the Finh Day of June,

4 in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Office or Offices of Receiver General of the Rents, Issues and Revenues of the said Possessioue of His Majesty in the several other Counties,

4 is and are held by Perfooe appointed thereto during the Pleasure of His Majesty: And Whereas many of the said Possessions and Estates are held under Leaies from the Crown, and are of considerable annual Value;

and it is expedient and seceflary that Provision should be made for the better Collection of the said Rents,

Issues and Revenues, and more effectual Superintendence of the said Possessions and Estates, and enforcing the due Cultivation and Management thereof, and Observance and Performance of the Covenants ana 4. Engagements under which the Lessees or Tenants thereof hold the tame: And Whereas it is necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid, that the Appointment so made by the said recited Letters Patent, so far as respects the Office or Offices of Receiver of the Rents, Issues and Revenues of His Majesty's Honors, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services and other Hereditameats and Possessions, in the taid Counties of Essex, Hertford, Norfolk and Huntingdon, and the Appointments of the several other Receivers aforesaid, shall ceale, determine and be void, in the manner and at the times specified in this Act; and that Compensation shall be made to the taid Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester, in consideration thereof, as herinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tkis present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Letters Patent, so Bishop of Ro-for ascefpedsthe Appointment thereby made of the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester, then Walker King ch?fter*8 Ap-Clerk and Richard Burke Esquire, since deceased, to the Office and Offices of Receiver General of all and singular Receiver as°to the Issues, Rents and Revenues of all the Honors, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services the Counties of and other Hereditaments and Possessions whatsover of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- Essex, Hertford, cessors, within the Counties of Essex, Hertford, Norfolk and Huntingdon; and all Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allow- Norfolk and ances, Advantages and Emoluments thereby appointed to be received, taken and retained out of the Rents, Huntingdon, to Issues and Profits, to be levied, collected and received from and in the said several Counties of Essex, Hertford, of°war-Norfotk and Huntingdon / and all and every Appointment and Appointments made by certain Instruments rams appointing commnoly called a Constitution, under tke Hand or under the Hand and Seal of any Chancellor or Under new Receivers. Treasurer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or by any other Instrument, Warrant, Order, Letter or Au- Appointment of thority, of or from such Chancellor or Under Treasurer, of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to beUoffierRe- Receiver General, A ding Receiver or Deputy Receiver of all or any of the Issues, Rents and Revenues of so^'h^Uk.

any time.

720 C.i6.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Compensation to Bishop of Rochester.

Quantum thereof to be settled by Referees or Umpire;

who may examine witnesset upon Oath.

Compensation may be made to other Officers, if Commissioners fee fit.

Land Surveyors to be appointed Receivers in future;

such Receivers to be resident ic their Distri£U.

Form of Ap-puiutmeot.

any of His Majesty's Honors, Cattles, Lordships, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Possessions in all or any of the several other Counties within the Ordering, Government* and Survey aforesaid; and all Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Advantages and Emoluments, to be had* received or taken from or out of the Rents, Issues and Profits, to be levied, collected and received by virtue of any such Appointment or Appointments, Office or Offices, shall, from and immediately after the Date of any Warrant or Warrants to be granted in pursuance of this Act, for the Appointment of any new Receiver or Receivers of the fame Issues, Rents and Revenues, cease, end and determine.

II. And be it further enacted, That a Compensation and Satisfaction shall be made to the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester from time to time, for the Loss which he will futtain by reason of his said Appointment being made void and determined as to the said Counties of Essex, Hertford\ Norfolk and Huntingdon, and of the Loss of the Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Advantages or Emoluments incident thereto, when and as the same shall respectively cease by means of any Warrant or Appointment made in pursuance of this Act; the Quantum or Amount of which Compensation or Satisfaction shall from time to time be referred to and ascertained by such Person as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues* or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenues (by and with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them* to be signified by any Minute of the said Lords Commissioners in Writing, or by Letter from any one of their Secretaries in pursuance of any such Minute), shall for that Purpose nominate and appoint on the Part of His Majesty, and by such indifferent Person as shall be nominated and appointed on the Part of the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester; and in case the Referees, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall not agree between themselves touching or concerning the Quantum or Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction as aforesaid, then the Quantum or Amount of every such Compensation or Satisfaction, so to be made to the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester as aforesaid, shall be settled* ascertained and determined by such competent and indifferent Person as the said respe6L ive Referees shall, before they shall respectively proceed to the Consideration of the Matters so referred to them, by Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint to act as Umpire concerning the Premises, and the Judgment and Determination of such Referees or Umpire therein shall be final, binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and such Referees and Umpire are hereby respe6hvely empowered to fend for Persons and Papers, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath* if necessary; which Oath any one of the Persons so to be nominated a Referee or Umpire as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer.

III. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to be fit and proper that any Compensation or Satisfaction should be made to any other Receiver, Officer or Officers, whose Appointment shall cease or whose Office shall be discontinued by virtue or in consequence of this Act, for any Loss which he or they shall or may sustain by reason of the Cessation of his or their Appointment or Appointments, or the Loss or Discontinuance of his or their Office or Offices or of any Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Advantages or Emoluments in respect thereof, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to make and allow unto any such Receiver or Officer as aforesaid, such Compensation or Allowance as they shall deem just and reasonable; which Compensation and Allowance, and also such Compensation and Allowance as shall be made to the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester by virtue of this Act, may be paid by the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, or out of any Monies applicable as Land Revenues of - the Crown; but this Act, or any thing herein contained is not to vest in or give to any Receiver, Officer or Officers, other than and except the said Walker Lord BKhop of Rochester, any Right or Title to claim or demand any Satisfaction or Compensation whatsoever, for or in respect of any of the Matters aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues* shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, and from time to time thereafter when and as occasion shall require, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, such Consent and Approbation to be signified by any Minute of the said Lords Commissioners in Writing, or by Letter from any One of their Secretaries in pursuance of any such Minute, nominate or appoint such and so many Persons, being by Pro* session and accustomed to act as Surveyors of Lands or Land Stewards, or otherwise (killed in the Management and Cultivation of Lands, and competent to the Superintendence thereof, as they shall think requisite or necessary to be Receivers of the Rents, Issues, Revenues and Profits of ail and singular His Majesty's Honors, Cattles, Lordships, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents* Services and other Hereditaments and Possessions in the several Counties in England or Wales, within the Ordering, Government and Survey of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, (except, that during the Life of the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester, no such Appointment shall extend to any of the said PolTelfions which are situate in the County of Middlesex, or in the City of London; )so as every such Person so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid mall be resident within the County, or any one County, (if his Appointment shall extend to Two or more Counties, ) or any Hundred, District or Division, in or for which he shall be so appointed to act as such Receiver as aforesaid, and not elsewhere, unless the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think it expedient to dispense with such Residence; and that every such Appointment shall and may be made by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or under the Hand and Seal of the said Surveyor General for the time being of His

11 Majesty's

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 16. 72*

Majesty's Land Revenues, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissionefe for the time being of His Majesty's Treasury, to be signified in manner aforesaid, and shall cease and determine in case the Person thereby appointed shall discontinue to reside in the said County, or some one County, Hundred, DiL trift, or Division, in or for which he shall be so appointed to act as aforesaid, unlef? such Residence shall be dispensed with in manner aforesaid; and every such Warrant may be in the Form or to the EfFeft in the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to this Act, or as near and similar thereto as Circumstances will permit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever; and shall be enrolled within One Calendar Month after the Appointment t# Date thereof, in the Office of the Auditor or Auditors, or acting Auditor or Auditors, of His Majesty's he enrolled. Land Revenues for the County or Counties, Hundred or District, comprised in such Warrant, who shall, receive and be entitled to the usual Fees for enrolling the fame; and such Auditor or Auditors, or acting Rental deliver-Auditor or Auditors, shall, within One Calendar Month from the Date of the Enrolment of such Warrant, «d to Receiver, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Receiver thereby appointed, a true and perfect Rental of the Land Revenue within the Division of Receipt of such Receiver, as such Revenue shall then (land in charge before such Auditor or Auditors, or acting Auditor or Auditors, and shall from time to time thereafter amend and rectify such Rental when necessary, and duly give in charge to be collected by such Receiver, and shall charge in Account again (I such Receiver all Sums of Land Revenue which shall or may in any wise come in Charge before him or them.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver so to be appointed as aforesaid shall and he is hereby Duties of required once at lead in every Year to view and survey every Part of the Estate or Estates, the Issues, Rents, Receivers. Revenues or Profits whereof shall be in his Collection or Receipt save and except such Parts thereof as shall be chargeable only with the Payment of a Fee Farm or Quit Rent), and to examine and inspect the Field Book or Books, if any, kept by the Lefiee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof, and which Book every such Lefiee, Occupier or Tenant, or other Person having the Cudody thereof, is hereby required to produce to every such Receiver upon Demand, and to permit him to inspect and examine the fame 5 and every such Receiver shall and is hereby required, within Two Calendar Months after each such Survey shall be so made or taken as aforesaid, to transmit to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Foreds and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, a true and faithful Report in Writing of the actual State and Condition of the Premises, and of the Receiver to Cultivation and Management thereof at the time of such View and Survey, and how far the Covenants and transmit Report Agreements under which the same shall be then held by the Lefiee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant to Commi (Conor Tenants thereof, have been observed and performed, or whether the fame have been in any and what Respects p^emifes!^ ° broken or infringed, and all such Circumdaaces relating thereto as shall come to the Knowledge of the said Receiver, or respecting which he shall have obtained Information in the Course of his said Survey or otherwise, together with his Opinion thereon; and if any Alterations in the Mode of cultivating or managing such Estates shall appear to him to be expedient or requisite, he shall date the fame in such Report, and his Reasons for thinking the fame fit or proper to be adopted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Receiver so to be appointed as aforesaid shall and he is Account! to be hereby required to make up, or cause to be made up annually, an Account in Writing of all Sums of Money annujlly made whatsoever which shall have become due and payable unto His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and which commissioners such Receiver, by virtue of such his Office as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons by any Authority from him, of°w^ods°t &c. pr by or with his Privity, Consent or Direction, shall at any time have collected, gotten in, or received, in respect of any of the Possessions of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of which he shall be so appointed Receiver as aforesaid, and of all such^ Payments, Allowances or Deductions as shall have been made thereout by him to any Person or Persons 5 the Fird of which ^Accounts shall be made up to the Tenth Day of October next ensuing the Date of the Warrant of Appointment of such Receiver; and every succeeding Account shall begin from the End of the former Account, and be made up to the Tenth Day of Qdtober in the following Year; and every such Receiver shall transmit such Account within Six Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Day or time to which the same shall or ought to be so made up as aforesaid to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Foreds and Land Revenues, or to the said Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, or at or within such other Period or time as such Receiver shall be required, by Notice in Writing from the said lad mentioned Commissioners or the said Surveyor General, to transmit the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Account, when so transmitted, shall be examined, checked Accounts tob« and inspected in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Foreds and Land Revenues, or ^'^ed^and of the said Surveyor General; and when so examined and approved by such Commissioners or Surveyor offiTeofWood*. General* shall be delivered over to the Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the time being, or to the acting Auditor or Auditors for the time being of the Didrift in which the Estates and Possessions comprised in such Account shall be situate 5 or if the Duties now performed by or in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue shall be then transferred to any other Office, then every such Account shall be delivered over to such other Office 5 and such Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or To be finally acting Auditor or Auditors, or the Person or Persons to whom the Duty of auditing such Accounts and Paired by Audl* making up the fame for Declaration shall then be transferred, shall, and he or they is and are hereby required, for# within Three Calendar Months after the Receipt thereof, to examine, try and audit every such Account 5 and when so examined, tried and audited by him or them, to make up, or cause the same to be made up, according to the Form in which the Accounts of the Receivers of the Rents, Issues, Revenues and Profits of the Crown have been used and accustomed to be made up by the Auditor or Auditors thereof for Declaration; and when so made up shall be verified by the Oath of every such Receiver, which Oath any one of the Barons Oath taken by 56 Geo. III. 4 Z of Receiver.

7*2 C.i6,

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181ts.

Quietus.

Punishment for taking false Oath.

Perjury.

Balances and Sums in Receiver's Hands, in what manner to be drawn out and applied.

Receiver's

Allowance.

Lessees and Tenants in arrear to pay Interest

Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum.

Receivers keeping Money in Hand, or concealing Receipts of Money charged with Interest.

of the Coif or the Cnrfitor Baron of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner for taking Affidavits in the said Court of Exchequer, or any one of the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenue, shall be and is hereby empowered to administer; and such Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or atfting Auditor or Auditors, or the Person or Persons whose Duty it shall then be to prepare and make up such Account for Declaration, shall afterwards present or cause the fame Account to be presented to the said Chancellor or Under Treasurer, or any one of the Barons aforesaid, for Declaration 5 and when so declared, and the Balance thereon (if any shall be found due to His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccessorsI shall have been duly paitt according to the Directions herein contained, a Quietus or Acquittance from the said Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or such acting Auditor or Auditors, or from the Person or Persons to whom the Duties now performed by or in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue shall be then transferred, shall be made out to such Receiver, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, in the usual Form, and which Quietus or Acquittance shall be a full and perfect Discharge to such Receiver, for or in respect of all Monies received by him and comprised in such Account.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Receiver or Accountant shall wilfully forswear himself in regard to any Article, Matter or Thing relating to such Account, then such Receiver or Accountant shall and may be prosecuted for the fame; and upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Balances due or to become due to His Majesty on the periodically making up of such Accounts by the Auditor or Auditors thereof or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or the acting Auditor or Auditors as aforesaid, or by the Person or Persons to whom the Duty of making up the same shall be then transferred; and all such Sum or Sums of Money as prior to the ascertaining such Balances shall be from time to time required to be paid 011 account or in respect thereof, either by any Debenture or Debentures, or Instruments in Writing from the said Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or the acting Auditor or Auditors, or the Person or Persons to whom the Duties now performed by or in the Offices of the Auditor of the Land Revenue shall be then transferred, by virtue or in pursuance of any Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, or by any Order in Writing from the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, shall be paid ©ver by such Receiver as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, at such time or times, Office or Place, and in such manner as he shall be directed or required by any such Debenture, InflrumeBt or Order to pay the same; and in Default of such Direction or Requisition, then to such Person or Persons, and in such manner, and at such time or times, and Office or Place, as the Receivers of His Majesty8 Land Revenues were immediately before the passing of this Act, by the Laws and Statutes then in force, and the Usage and Practice in that Behalf, bound or required to answer, render and pay the Monies in their Hands, on the Balances of their respective Accounts.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Receiver shall have and be allowed, and shall and may charge, retain and dedud, in making up such his annual Accounts as aforesaid, One twentieth Part of all such Monies as shall by him have been received within the time comprised in such Account, and shall be therein duly accounted for, as and fora Compensation for his Trouble in collecting* and receiving the fame Monies, and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all the Services to be performed by him in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Duties of his said Office, or such -other Compensation not exceeding such One twentieth Part as aforesaid, as the Commissioners for the time being of His- Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, shall, by and with the Confcut and 'Approbation of the Lords Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Treasury, to be signified in manner aforesaid, from time to time order, direct or allow.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Lefiee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants, of any Estates or Possessions of the Crown, the annual Rent or annual Value whereof shall exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be in'arrear, or hold in his or their Hands or Custody any Rent or Rents or mesne Profits, or other Profits belonging to the Crown arising from the said Estates or Possessions, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the same shall have become due, and after he or they shall have been applied to, either personally or by Letter from the Receiver for the Payment thereof, without paying over the same to the Receiver authorized and empowered to receive the same 5 then and in such case every such Person, liable to the Payment of and who ought to have paid the fame, shall be charged and chargeable with Interest for such Arrear, to be calculated after the Rate of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, upon the Sum or respective Sums so in Arrear, from the Day or time, Days or times, at which each Half yearly Payment of the said Rent so in arrear became due, up to the Day or time at or upon which the same shall be actually paid; and that such Interest shall and may be added to the Rent or mesne Profit so in arrear as aforesaid, and shall be recovered and received by the fame Ways and Means as any Rent in arrear is by Law recoverable, together with all Coils and Expences to be sustained or incurred in or about the Recovery thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Receiver or Receivers as aforesaid shall at any time have received or got into his or their Hands any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to the Crown, exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall not within One Calendar Month after the Receipt thereof give Notice thereof in Writing to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the said Surveyor General, to the Intent that the fame may from time to time thereafter be drawn out, called for or applied as Occasion may require; then and in such case every such Receiver shall be

i6 charged

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII UI. C16.

harged and chargeable with Inters ft for every such Sum after the Rate above mentioned, from the Day or time, Days or times, at which it shall have been so received, until it shall be drawn out of his Hands, or paid over by him to the proper Officer, Commissioners, or other Persons by Law entitled to receive the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Person who shall be so appointed Receiver

as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, by virtue of such his Appointment, alone and without any further Order, Warrant or Authority whatsoever, by himself, or any Person whom he shall for that Purpose depute, to make any Distress or Distresses for any Rent or Rents which shall be due in arrear or unpaid from any Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants, of any of the Estates or Poffewons which shall be in the Collection, Receipt, or Management of such Receiver, and the Goods, Chattels and Effects so distrained, to impound, sell and dispose of; and all Sheriffs, Mayors, Justices, Bailiffs, Cpnfta-bles, Headboroughs and other Officers and Ministers of Justice, are hereby directed and required to be aiding and assisting such Receiver or his Substitute in the making such Distress or Distresses, and the impounding, felling and disposing of the Goods, Chattels or Effects so to be taken or distrained, and in all other Matters relating thereto, or to the Execution of the said Office, as Occasion shall require s Provided always, that every such Receiver shall, and he is hereby required, in making or causing to be made any such Distress, and m relation to any Question or Questions at Law or otherwise which may anse thereupon, to obey and conform to all such Orders and Regulations as shall be given him in that Behalf by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenue.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Person so to be appointed Receiver as aforesaid, shall, before he shall exercise or execute the said Office, or any wife intermeddle in the Exercise or Execution thereof, enter into a Bond or Obligation, in such Penalty and with such Sureties as the Commissionero for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be signified in manner aforesaid, shall direct or require for the faithfully answering and accounting for the Rents, Issues, Revenues and Profits, to be by him received by virtue of such his Appointment*and for the doing, executing and performing all such Services and Duties as are hereby required, or shall in manner aforesaid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or by the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be signified in manner aforesaid, be from time to time, by any Minute, Order or Writing, directed or required to be done or performed in relation to such Office as aforesaid; and every such Bond may be in the Form or to the Effect in the Schedule marked ( B.) to this Act annexed, or as near and similar thereto as Circumstances will permit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever, and shall have the Effect of a Statute Staple to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for the answering and Payment of all and every Sum or Sums to become payable by virtue thereof, and shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Premises to which the fame relates, within the Space of One Calendar Month next after the Date thereof, to whom the usual and accustomed Fees shall be paid for enrolling the fame, and shall be deposited and kept in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or of the said Surveyor General for the time being.

XV. Provided always, That during the Life of the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester, this A A or any thing herein contained shall not extend to any of His Majesty's Honors, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Possessions or Hereditaments, which are situate within the County of Middlesex or the City of London, or to determine or vacate the Office of Receiver of the Issues, Rents and Revenues thereof, so held by the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester, under or by virtue of the said Letters Patent, but that the said Letters Patent and the Appointment thereby made, so far as respects such Honors, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Possessions and Hereditaments, in the said County of Middlesex, and in the said City of London, and the Rents and Revenues thereof, and the Office of Receiver thereof, shall be and remain as valid and effectual, and he the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester, by himself and his Deputy or Deputies, shall continue to receive the Issues, Rents and Revenues thereof, and to pass his Accounts in regard thereto, in such or the like manner, and to have such and the like Fees, Salaries, Allowances or Emoluments, in respect of such last mentioned Honors, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Possessions and Hereditaments, as if this Act had never been passed 5 and that no Bond, Obligation or other Security, given or entered into'by the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester, or any Person or Persons as his Surety or Sureties for the due Execution of his said Office, shall be in any manner vacated, annulled, rendered void or prejudiced by this present Act 5 but that every such Bond, Obligation or Security shall be, remain and continue in full Force and Effect, with reference to the said Possessions in the said County of Middlesex and in the said City of London, any thing herein contained or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Decease of the said Walker Lord Biftlop of Rochester, all the Regulations, Directions, Powers, Clauses and Provisions herein contained shall extend to compnfe and be applicable to the said Honors, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Possessions and Hereditaments, in the County of Middlesex, and in the City of London, and the Rents and Revenues thereof, and the Appointment of all subsequent Receivers thereof, which Receivers may be Surveyors of Lands or of Houses, or other competent Persons, as fully and effectually, and in such and the like manner as if such Honors, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Possessions had been originally included in and subjected to the said Regulations, Directions, Powers, Clauses and Provisions of $his Act.

4 Z z.XVII. Pro.

723

Receivers empowered to diT-train for Rents in arrear.

[Proviso.]

Receiver to give Security to account, and for due Execution of hia Office.

Form of Security.

Enrolled.

Proviso for Possessions in the Counry of Middlesex or City of London, during the Life of Walker Bishop of Ro-chester.

After Decease of Bishop, Regulations of Act to extend to the Possessions in the County of Middlesex and City of London*

7*4 C.i6. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Auditor's Fee

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, or to be done m

not to be pursuance hereof, shall not extend or be construed to take away, abridge or diminish any of the Fees, Perquisites

abridged ^aken or Allowances which the several Auditors of His Majesty's Land Revenues have been used and acfcustomed to way y* # take, receive or be allowed, for the Execution of any of the Duties of their respective Offices before the passing of this Act.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF APPOINTMENT OF A RECEIVER.

By the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues [or, by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenues].

rPO all to whom these Presents shall come. We and

Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, [or, I Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenues] fend greeting: Know ye,

that we the said and [or, I the said

] reposing especial Trust and Confidence in the Care, Skill and Probity of A.B. of in the County of Land Surveyor, (by/virtue and in exercise of the

Powers and Authorities vested in us [or, in me] by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled {here {infer t the Title of this Act]y by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, ) have nominated, constituted and appointed, and by this our [or, my] Warrant do nominate, constitute and appoint the said A.B. to be Receiver of the Rents, Issues, Revenues and Profits of all and Angular His Majesty's Honors, Cattles, Lordships, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Possessions whatsoever in the {insert the Counties, DiJlriSs, Divisions or Places to which the Appointment is meant to extend] together with all Arrears thereof: To have and to hold the said Office and Offices unto the said A.B. during His Majesty's Pleasure, or until the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them* or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, or the said Surveyor General, by any Instrument or Document in Writing shall determine the Appointment hereby made; he the said A.B. having, taking and retaining out of the Kents, Issues, Revenues and Profits aforesaid during his Continuance in the said Office, and for the Performance and Execution of the Duties thereof, {here insert the Allowance of One twentieth Party or such other Compensation as shall be agreed to be allowed] z Provided always, that if the said A.B. shall not diligently and faithfully levy, collect and receive the Rents, Issues, Revenues and Profits aforesaid, and pay and apply the fame in the manner directed and required by the said Act, or shall not duly and faithfully account for all such his Receipts within the times thereby appointed or to be appointed in pursuance thereof, for the rendering such Accounts, or if he shall not duly and faithfully execute and perform all other the Duties of the said Office of Receiver {and if Local Rest den ce be required^ then say ] or if he shall cease or discontinue to dwell and reside within the said {insert the Counties or Districts] or some or one of them, or if these Presents shall not be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the County or Countjes of {insert the Counties or DiflriQs] aforesaid, within the Space of next after the Date hereof; then and in either of such cases, these Presents and the Appointment hereby made shall be void and of no Effect. In Witness whereof we the said and

[or, I the said ] have to this our [or, my] Warrant, set our Hands and

Seals, [or, my Hand and Seal] the Day of in the Year of the Reign

of our Sovereign Lord and in the Year of our Lord

Signed, lealed and delivered by the above named

in the Presence of

SCHEDULE (B.)

FORM OF BOND.

KNOW all Men by these Presents, That we, A.B. of C. D

of and E. F of are held

and (irmly bound to our Sovereign Lord {insert the KingJs Name] by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, in the Sum of [insert the Penalty] Pounds of lawful Money of the said United Kingdom, current in Great Britain, to be paid to our said Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors; for which Payment well and truly to be made, We bind ourselves, and every of us, jointly and severally, for and in the whole, our Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and every or them, firmly by these Presents, sealed with our Seals. Dated the Day of in the Year of the Reign of the said King,

and in the Year of our Lord

WHEREAS the above bounden A.B. hath been recommended as a proper Person to be appointed Receiver General, and the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury hath been obtained for appointing the said A.B. to be, and he is accordingly about to be appointed Receiver General of all and singular the Rents, Issues, Revenues and Profits of His Majesty's Honors, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Possessions, situate in the {here insert the Counties, Districts, Div fions or Places intended to be comprtfed in the Appointment] together

14 with

7*5

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 16.

with all Arrears thereof, daring His Majesty's Pleasure, or until the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, ForefU and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, by any Instrument or Document in Writing, shall determine such Appointment: Now the Condition of the above written Obligation is such, That if the said A.B. shall and do from time to time, and at all

times after such Appointment shall be made, so long as he shall continue in the said Office, well and truly col-left, get in and receive, or use his bed Endeavours wefi and truly to collect, get in and receive, all and singular the Rents, Issues, Revenues and Profits which shall arise or grow due to His Majesty, or which shall have arisen or grown due and remain in Artear to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from or out of or for or hi respect of His Majesty's said Honors, Cattles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services and other Her6» laments and Possessions, of which he the said A.B. shall be so appointed Receiver as aforesaid; and

uHo if he the said A.B. shall and do from time to time, for and during so long time as he shall continue in the said Office, well and faithfully make up, or cause to be made up annually, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all Sums of Money whatsoever, which shall have arisen or become due and payable unto His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and which he the said A.B. by virtue of his said Office,

or any Person or Persons by any Authority from him, or by or with his Privity, Consent or Direction, shall at any time have levied, collected or received, in respect of any of the Estates or Possessions of His Majellt, 'his Heirs or Successors, of which he the said A.B. shall be so appointed Receiver as aforesaki

and do and shall transmit the fame Account to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Fcnrefts and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His MajestyU Land Revenues, at or within such time or times as is or are in and by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [ tnfert the Title of this Aff\ directed in that Behalf, or as the said Connrufiioners or Surveyor General shall, by any Order in Writing, from time to time require, fend do and shall pass and verify every such Account in the manner directed by the said Act; and if he the said A.B. do and shall well and truly answer and pay all such Balances as shall be or become due to His Majesty upon the periodically making up of every such Account as aforesaid, and all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be from time to time required to be paid on account thereof prior to the ascertaining such Balances, either by any Debenture or Instrument in Writing from the Auditor or acting Auditor, or by any Order in Writing from the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, ForefU and Land Revenues, or any two of them, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, to such Person or Persons, at such time or times, and Office or Place, and in such manner as he the said An Bn shall be directed or required by any such Debenture, Instrument or Order to pay the same; and in default of such Direction or Requisition, to such Persons, and in such manner, and at such* time or times as the Receivers of His Majesty's Land Revenues were immediately before the patting the said Act, by the Laws and Statutes then in force and the Usage and Practice in that Behalf bound or required to answel*, render and pay the Balances of their respective Accounts and any Sums of hfoney on account of such Balances 5 and it the said A.B. do and shall, once at least in every Year so long as he shall continue in the said Office, view and survey every Part of all such Estates of which he shall be so appointed Receiver as aforesaid, as he shall in the Execution of the Duties of his said Office, under the Provisions of the said Act, be required to view and survey, and examine and inspect the Field Books kept by the Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof respectively, and do and shall, within Two Calender Months after every such Survey shall be made or taken as aforesaid, transmit to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, a true and faithful Report in Writing of the State and Condition of the Estates and Premises so surveyed, and of the Cultivation and Management thereof, and how far the Covenants or Agreements under which the same are or shall be held have been observed or performed, or whether the fame nave been in any and what respects broken or infringed, and all such Circumstances relating thereto as shall have come to the Knowledge of him the said An B. or respecting which he shall have obtained Information in the Course of his said Survey or otherwise, together with his Opinion thereon; and if he the said An B. shall and do within the Space of One Calendar Month after he shall at any time have received or got into his Hands any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to The Crown, exceeding the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Fbrefts and Land Revenues, or to the said Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues; and also if he the said A Bn shall and do, during so long time as he shall continue in the said Office, well and truly execute all such Duties as are required by the said Act to be performed by Persons holding any such Office, and observe, obey, perform and execute all such Orders, Rules and Instructions as he hath received or shall from time to time receive from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, (to be signified by any Minute of the said Lords Commissioners in Writing, or by Letter from any One of their Secretaries in pursuance of any such Minute, ) or from the Chancellor or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, or from the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, touching or concerning the Premises or the Execution of the Office or Employment aforesaid; and if he the said A.B. shall and do in all other Respects faithfully and truly execute and perform the Duties of the said Office, and all the Trusts which shall be reposed in him as such Officer as aforesaid, then the above written Obligation shall be void, otherwise the same shall be and remain in full Force and Virtue* Signed, sealed and delivered by the above named

in the Presence of

C. 17, l8, 19.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

43 G. 3. c. 81.

46 G. 3. c. 39.

4i G. 3. c.ioa.

47 O.3. c.»>.

55 O. 3. c. 7.

Duties continued by 55 G. 3. c. 27. further continued till July St 1821. except Malt.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. [11th April 1816.]

WHEREAS several of the additional Duties of Excise granted by an Act made in the Forty third .* Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, and certain additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff imported into Great Britain, granted by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and the Duties inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule marked (B) annexed to another Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His said

Majesty's Reign, and certain additional Duties of Excise on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae or Strong Waters,

imported into Great Britain, granted by another Aft made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, would have expired at certain limited times after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace had

not the fame been continued: And whereas the fame were and are by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and it is expedient further to continue the fame in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such of the said Duties of Excise by the said Acts granted as are not repealed nor made perpetual, and would expire before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and are by the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty continued until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be and the fame respectively are hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, fare and except the Duties on Malt made in England and Scotland, or brought from Scotland into England\ granted by the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to suspend, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain.

[1 ith April 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Atf

Sch. (A.) < for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in

lieu thereof; and by one certain Schedule marked (A.) Outwards, annexed to the said Act, a Duty of Customs is to be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings upon Lead, cast or uncaft, the Ton containing Twenty hundred Weight, exported from Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient to suspend for a limited time*the said Duty Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Export Duty on Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Payment of the said Duty for or Lead suspended.n respe£fc of such Lead, on the Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain, shall be suspended until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

47 G. 3. c. 22.

Additional Bounty on double refined Sugar further continued.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported.

[1 ith April \ 816-]

WHEREAS an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar was granted and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow for Two Tears from and after the passing of this Act an additional Bounty on double rfired Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, crashed or broken; and to allow for One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation raw Sugar exported; and which said additional Bounty on double refined

Sugar has been by several subsequent Acts continued until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said additional Bounty on double refined Sugar should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said additional Bounty on double refined Sugar shall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued from the said Fifth Day of Apt il One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

c»

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 10. 727

CAP. XX.

An Act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several A&9 relating to the Revenues,

Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties,

and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, [11th April 1816.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners of Customs and Port'Duties and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland respectively, pursuant to the Powers and Authorities in them vested by Law

for that Purpose, have been used and accustomed to appoint, in and for the several and respective DistridU

in Ireland (except the District of Dublin), a Number of Sub Commissioners for the Purpose of hearing,

trying and determining all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the several Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs, Excise or Taxes respectively; and Three of such Sub Commissioners or the Majority of them, have been used and accustomed to give Judgment and award Execution thereon: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether in cases ' where the Sub Commissioners of any District exceed Five in Number the Majority of such Sub Commissioners be not necessary to constitute a competent Court to hear, try and determine any such Complaint or

Information For the removing of the said Doubts, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ind by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all Informations for Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence against or m

any Breach of any Act or Acts in force or to be in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters District of Dub-and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said lin)maybede-Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, which shall have been or shall be committed termined before within any District in Ireland (except the District of Dublin), shall and may be heard, tried and determined Three Sub before any Three or more of the Sub Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or before any Three or ('ners*

more of the Sub Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes of such District, as the case may be, and that any

and every Judgment or Execution which shall be given or awarded by the Majority fitting on the Trial of any such .Complaint or Information shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and rurposes whatsoever; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall take away or in any Appeal, manner affect the Remedy of Appeal provided for the Party or Parties aggrieved in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King 14 & 15 Car. a. Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, his Heirs and (10 Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by Act made in the Forty sixth Year of 46 g. 3. c. 106 His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several AHs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

III. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Parties and

Reign of His said late Majesty Charles the Second, it is amongst other things enacted, that the Sub Com- Witnesses to be missioners as therein mentioned shall be authorized upon any Complaint or Information to proceed to Ex-ummoDC

amination of the Matter of Fadl by summoning or causing Parties and Witnesses to be summoned to appear before them by causing Summonses in Writing under the Hand of the C lerk or other Officer thereunto appointed, to be left at the usual Place of Abode or Habitation of such Party or Witness: And Whereas it is expedient to provide for the more easy and convenient issuing of such Summons or Notice $* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector of Customs or Excise, or any Person Collectors and appointed by such Collectors respectively, or to and for any Sub Commissioner of the respective Districts, to Sub Commis-sign and issue any Notice or Summons to Parties and Witnesses to appear on the Trial of any Complaint or sioners may issue Information exhibited in such District, and every such Notice or Summons which shall be so signed and issued shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been issued pursuant to the nefl-es to appeiJ Directions and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His on Trials of Inlaid late Majesty King Charles the Second, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in formation, case any Person who shall be duly summoned to be a Witness as aforesaid shall neglect to appear without reasonable Excuse for such Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to give his, her or their Testimony concerning the Matter in Question, every such Person for every such Neglect or Refusal shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty. Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be seized after Goods seized the landing thereof in Ireland, for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any may be claimed Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, it shall and may by Consignees be lawful for the Consignee or Consignees thereof to claim such Goods, Wares and Merchandize on behalf of the Owner or Owners thereof, such Consignee or Consignees making an Affidavit before the Officer empowered to receive such Claim of the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the real Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and also giving Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties Bond, to be previously approved of by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs for the District within which such Claim shall be entered, in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or such further Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, as shall be reasonably deemed sufficient by such Commissioners, Collector or other Officers, to answer and pay t{ie Costs which may be

occasioned

A.D. 1816.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Penalties to be levied in British Currency, though not set forth in Complaint.

Period allowed for cleazing Goods warehoused to be extended.

49 0.3.0.106.

Penalties to be levied in British Currency.

Act altered, &c.

0.20, 21, 22. 56° GEORGII III.

occasioned by such Claim, in case of the Condemnation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, such Costs to be taxed by the Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer or his Deputy; any thing in the before mentioned Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And Whereas under and by virtue of the several Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues,

Matters and Things under the Management of t^e said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, the several pecuniary Fines, Penalties and Forfei-

tures inflicted or imposed by the said Acts* are directed to be payable and to be paid and received in British < Currency* Be it further enacted, That in suing for any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, it shall not be necessary to specify, mention or set forth in the Complaint or Information, or in any Judgement given thereon, or in any Warrrnt to be issued founded upon such Judgement, the Currency in which such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid or receivable, but every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied, recovered and paid, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which may have been or may be warehoused or otherwise secured without Payment of Duty in Ireland, may be permitted and allowed to remain warehoused or otherwise secured beyond the Period now allowed by Law for clearing and taking the fame from and out of Warehouse; and that the Period for which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize are allowed by Law to be bonded or warehoused in Ireland, may be extended in like manner and under like' Regulations in Ireland, as are directed and required with respect to Goods warehoused in Great Britain, by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for allowing further time for taking Goods out of Warehouse and paying Duties thereon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable in British Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied in such manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by the said recited Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Ring Charles the Second, or in and by the said recited Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and reenacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

17 G. 3. c. 30. 27 G. 3. c. x6. 37 G. 3. c. 30.

3* c-3*-

r as suspends

3. 3. c. 30. lercon-

CAP. XXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Restrictions upon Payments in Cash by the Bank of England, an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England. [ 11 th April 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining for a limited time the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange for Twenty Shillings and under Five Pounds: And Whereas the said Act was, by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, made perpetual: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said first recited Act, so far as the fame relates to the making void of Promissory Notes, Drafts or Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, for any Sum less than the Sum of Five Pounds in the whole, and also to the restraining the pub-lishing or uttering and negociating of any such Notes, Drafts or Undertakings as aforesaid, was suspended until the First Day of May then next: And Whereas the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty hath by several subsequent Acts been continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and amended; and it is expedient that the fame should be revived and further continued* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Act of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the fame suspends the said Act of the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby revived from and after thq said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall be further continued, as amended, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until Two Year % after the Expiration of the Restriction upon Payments in Cash by the Bank of England.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the more effectually detaining in Custody NapoUoji Buonaparte. [I ith April 1816.]

WHEREAS it is necessary for the Preservation of the Tranquillity of Europe, and for the general

Safety, that Napoleon Buonaparte should be detained and kept in Custody as is herein after provided : Be it therefore enacted; and it is hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 22. 729

and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Hein and Successors, For detaining to detain and keep the said Napoleon Buonaparte in the Custody of such Person or Persons, in such Place Napoleon within His Majesty's Dominions, and under such Restrictions, during the Pleasure of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall from time to time seem fit.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Napoleon Buonaparte9being in such Custody as aforesaid, shall who shall be be deemed and taken to be, and shall be treated and dealt with as a Prisoner of War, except only in so far rented as a as by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall at any time, or from time to time, be otherwise directed; ^°uer of and that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his neirs and Successors, by Warrant under the Hand Appointing Per-and Seal of One of his or their Principal Secretaries of State, to nomjnate and appoint such Person or Per- fans to have the fons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall seem fit, Custody;

to have the Custody of the said Napoleon Buonaparte; and from time to time, by like Warrant to change the to change the Place, and to appoint such other Place, as to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall seem fit, in which Place*the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept; and by like Warrant to authorize and empower and to remove any Person and Persons to remove the said Napoleon Buonaparte from the Place in which he now is, or shall him. at any time hereafter be so detained and kept, and to convey him to such other Place as shall be so appointed as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Person and Persons so appointed or to be appointed For calling ia as aforesaid, to call to his or their Aid and Assistance all or any Persons, being Subjects of His Majesty, or AffifUnco. owing Allegiance to His Majesty, for the detaining and keeping the said Napoleon Buonaparte in Custody as aforesaid, or for the removing or conveying him as aforesaid, as Occasion may require: And that all and every such Person or Persons so appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, and all and every Person and Persons who shall be called to his or their Aid and Assistance, shall have full Power and Authority to use all Ways Power to use and Means for the detaining and keeping the said Napoleon Buonaparte in such Custody, and for the Preven- ^cfn* tion of the Rescue or Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte from and out of such Custody, and for the Buontpirte. retaking the said Napoleon Buonaparte in case he shall be refeued or shall escape from and out of the fame, as might be lawfully used for the detaining and keeping in Custody, and for preventing the Rescue or Escape of, and for the retaking any Prisoner of War.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being a Subject or Subjects of or owing Persons refeuing Allegiance to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall rescue or attempt to rescue the said Napoleon Buonaparte, or shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in the Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte, or Escape.

in any Attempt to escape from such Custody as aforesaid, or from any Limits or Bounds wherein he now is or at any time hereafter shall or may be detained and kept in Custody as aforesaid, or in which he shall or may be suffered to go at large within the Limits of any Island or Country, Territory or Place, or within the Limits of any District or Bounds within any Island or Country, Territory or Place, upon Parole or without Parole, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, shall upon being convicted thereof be adjudged guilty of Felouy, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. Death.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being Subjects of or owing Allegiance to For preventing His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall knowingly and wilfully aid, assist or further the said Napoleon thurther Buonaparte in quitting any Part of any Island, Country, Territory or Place, without the Limits and Bounds E

of any District of such Island, Country, Territory or Place, within which he may have been confined or suffered to go at large, on Parole or without Parole, after he shall have been refeued, or have escaped or departed from any Place of Custody, or from the Limits and Bounds within which he shall have been corn-mitted to go at large, upon Parole or without Parole, he, she or they shall be deemed guilty of aiding the Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte, under the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being a Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, Prohibiting my

or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, after the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall have been refeued, or have Afliftanc© of escaped or departed from and have quitted the Island, Country, District or Territory, within which he shall have been detained and kept in Custody as aforesaid, or have been suffered to go at large, upon Parole or without,

or after he shall have quitted and departed from any other Country into which he may have escaped or come,

shall knowingly and wilfully, upon the High Seas, aid, assist or further the said Napoleon Buonaparte in escaping or going to or towards any other Dominions or Place whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences against this Act, wheresoever the same shall be commit- Where Of-ted, whether within the Dominions of His Majesty or without, or upon the High Seas, may be inquired of, fe«ce*w»y tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within that Part of His Majesty's Dominions called uied'

England, in like Manner, and by a Jury of such County, as if such Offences had been committed within such County; and that in every Information or Indictment for such Offence, such Offence may be laid and charged

to have been committed in such County.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be apprehended, detained or in Custody, detaining charged with any Offence against this Act, may be detained in Custody and sent to England, in order to

their being proceeded against and tried for such Offence. Wl ence*.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Bill, Pliant, Information or Indictment, shall GeneralIffiie. be brought, sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done under or by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and shall nave the Advantage thereof as fully, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Special Matter had been fully and well pleaded, and in fufti manner as any Justice of the Peace, Constable or other Officer, questioned for Matters acted by them as Officers, or in the Execution of their Offices, may have the Advantage of the Matter of their Justincation upon the General issue by them pleaded, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

j6 Geo. III. y A CAP.

?30 C. 23.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

be in Gtistody in Saint Helena, no Communication to be permitted.

Trading, &c.

the Governor or Deputy Governor of Saint

Helena.

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for regulating the InterQOurfe with the Island of Saint Retena> during the time Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained there) and for indemnifying Persons in the Cases therein mentioned.

[11th April 1816.]

WHEREAS Napoleon Buonaparte is now detained and kept in Custody in the Island of Saint Helena;

1 And Whereas it is requisite and necessary to prohibit all Intercourse and Communication with the said Island of Saint Helena, either by His Majesty's Subjects or by any other Person or Persons, except

under the Reftfi&ions and according to the Rules, Regulations and Conditions herein after set forth and

prescribed, during such time that the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept, or shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be detained and kept in the said Island of Saint Helena Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

During the time by the Authority of the same, That for and during such time as the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall be de- Budnapartl shall tained and kept in Custody, or shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be detained and kept in Custody in the said Island of Saint Helena, it shall not be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever (except in Ships or Vessels of and belonging to or chartered or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, duly ordered to proceed to or to rendezvous at the said Island, by the said United Company, or by the Governor General of Fort William, the Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or by the said Company's Supra Cargoes in China, ) to trade, go, fail or repair to the said Island of Saint Helena, without the Licence of His Majesty, without Licence his Heirs or Successors, signed by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or without the of The King or Licence, Consent and Permission of the Governor, or in his Absence, of the Deputy Governor of the said Island for the time being, or of the Commander for the time being of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces Rationed off or at the said Island; and if any Person or Persons (except as before excepted) other than such & shall be thereunto lawfully authorized by such Licence of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor or Commander, or such Permission or Consent as aforesaid, shall trade, go, fail, Repair to of land upon the said Island of Saint Helena, he or they shall be deemed guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanour, and shall and may be prosecuted for the fame in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench here in England, upon Information exhibited by His Majesty's Attorney General, or upon Indictment found; in which Information or Indictment such Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in the County of Middlesex; and all and every Person or Persons so offending shall on Conviction be liable to such Punishment by Imprisonment and Fine, or either, as the Court shall adjudge or award, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons so offending shall and may be frized and brought to England for the Purpose of being so tried; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are authorized and required to commit all and every such Person and Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until furacient Security be given by natural born Subjects or Denizens, to appear in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Wedminster, to answer any Information or Indictment exhibited or found, or to be exhibited or found, against him or them, and not to go or depart out of Court, or out of this Kingdom, without Leave of the said Court.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall arrive at the said Island on board any Ship or Vessel of and belonging to, or chartered or employed by the said United Company as aforesaid, shall land on

(U«i. u*.w..5«.5 - the feu! Island from on board the fame, or shall land or the said Island from any of His Majesty's Ships or to Ships of War) Vessels of War, (except the Officers and Seamen of and belonging to such Ship or Vessel of War, ) shall not, shall return to when thereunto ordered and required by the said Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the whK11 being of the said Island, forthwith return to and repair on board such Ship or Vessel from which he

taken^ntc^ 6 have ^an<^e<^ as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy

Custody. Governor for the time being, to seize and detain every such Person until he or she can be sent, and to fend

him or her on board the said Ship or Vessel from which he or she so landed as aforesaid; and every Person who shall have so landed from any such Ship or Vessel as last aforesaid, who shall, after the Departure of such Ship or Vessel from the said Island, remain on the said Island without the Licence, Permission and Consent of the said Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the time being, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall and may be dealt with, prosecuted and punished in the same manner and form as Persons who shall, without Licence, Permission and Consent as aforesaid, land from any other Ship, Vessel or Boat not belonging to, chartered or employed by the said United Company, or ordered by the said Company, Or their Servants as aforesaid, to proceed to or rendezvous at the said Island.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor of the said Island for the time being, or for the Commahder for the time being of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces stationed off o* at the said Island respectively, and the Personscting under his or their Orders and Commands respectively, by all necessary Ways and Means tb hinder an<l

at Saint Helena, prevent any Ship, Vessel or Boat, Ships or Vessela or Boats, (except Ships and Vessels of and belonging to or chartered by the said United Company of Merchants, and also duly licensed by the said Company fot that Purpose, as hereinbefore mentioned, ) from repairing to, trading or touching at the said Island, or having any Communication with the fame\ aTuVto hinder and prevent any Person ot Pferfofts from landing upon the said

Persons offend-axig may be seized, and brought to England, to await their Trial.

Persons landing (other than Officers and Seamen belonging

Remaining in the Island with out Licence. Punishment.

Vessels (except VeflfeU belonging to the Company, &c.) trading or touching

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 23.

laid Island from such Ships, Vessels or Boats, and to fcize and detain all and every Person and Persons that shall land upon the said Island from the same; and all such Ships, Vessels or Boats (except as above excepted) as shall repair to, or trade, or touch at the said Island, or shall be found hovering within Slight Leagues of the Coast thereof, and which shall or may belong, in the Whole or in Part, to any subject or Stfbjects of His Majesty, or to any Person or Persons owing Allegiance to His Majesty, Audi and are hereby declared to be forfeited to His Majesty, and shall and may be seized and detained, and brought to England* and Aaft and may be prosecuted to Condemnation by His Majesty's Attorney General, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> in such manner and form as any Ship, Vessel or Boat may be seized, detained or prosecuted, for any Breach or Violation of the Navigation or Revenue Laws of this Country; and the Offence for which such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be proceeded against shall and may be laid and charged to have been done and committed in the County of Middlesex; and if any Ship, Vessel or Boat, not belonging in the Whole or in Part to any Person or Persons the Subject or Subjects of or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall repair to, or trade or touch at the said Island of Saint Helena, or shall be found hovering within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, and shall not depart from the said Island or the Coast thereof when and so soon as the Master or other Person having the Charge and Command thereof shall be ordered so to do by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Island for the time being, or by the Commanded of His Majesty's Navalor Military Force stationed at or off the said Island for the tune being, (unlei* an case of unavoidable Necessity, or Distress of Weather, ) such Ship or Vessel shall he deemed forfeited, and dbafl and may be seized and detained and prosecuted in the same manner as is hereinbefore enacted as to Ships, Vessels or Boats of or belonging to any Subject or Subjetfts of His Majesty.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel shall happen, by Stress of Weather, Peril [of the Sea, or other inevitable Accident or other urgent Necessity, to be driven or forced to the said Island, and from such Cause to touch thereat, and the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Cause thereof, to the Governor, or in his Absence to the Deputy Governor of the said Island for the time being, or to the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces for the time being, or one of them; and shall, during the time that such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to remain at the said Island, in all things conform to die Directions and Orders of the said Governor, or in his Absence of the said Deputy Governor for the time being; and the had Ship or Vessel shall quit the said Island, and depart therefrom, with all the Cnew and Passengers of and belonging to the said Ship or Vessel, as and when the said Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the tune being, or the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces at the said Island for the time being, «r either of them^ shall direct and require; such Ship or Vessel shall not be subject to Forfeiture, nor Audi the Owners or Master or Crew thereof, or any Person or Persons on board the fame, who shall so conform to such Directions and Orders as aforesaid, be liable to any of the Pains, Penalties or Punishments hereinbefore mentioned: Provided nevertheless, that the Proof of such Ship or Vessel having been driven or forced to repair to and touch at the said Island, by Stress of Weather, Peril of the Sea, or ower inevitable Accident or urgent Necessity, end of having quitted and departed from the said Island as hereinbefore mentioned, shall lie upon the Party ekiming such Exemption from the Pains, Penalties and Punishments aforesaid; any thing in this Act or any other Act contained to the contrary not with (landing.

VI. And Whereas in consequence of Napoleon Buonaparte having been detained and kept in Custody in the Island of Saint Helena, and in order to the iafely and securely detaining and keeping him in such Custody, it may have happened that the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Governor of the said Island for the time being, or the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces nespectively* or other Officers and Persons acting or who have acted in tnetr Aid and Assistance, or under their Advice, Orders or Commands, may from the Urgency of the Occasion have given Orders, done Acts, or tried Means for the Purpose, which may not be strictiy justified by Law; and in such case it is highly fit that they should be justified and indemnified by Act of Parliament for the fame; Be it therefore eneded. That the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and the Governor of the said Island of Saint Helena for the time being, and the Commander or Commanders of His Majesty's Naval or Milkary Forces for the time being, and all and every Officer and Officers, Person and Persons, who have acted in their Aid and Assistance, or under their respective Advice, Orders and Commands, shall be and they are hereby indemnified for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, Indidmeots, Prosecutioas and Proceedings whatsoever, which may have been or which shall be hereafter prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Advice, Orders or Commands issued, or for or by reason of any Ad, Matter or Thing advised, commanded, appointed, ordered or done by the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or by the Governor of the said Island for the time being, or the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces respectively, or by any Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, acting ia their Aid and Assistance, or under their or either of their Advice, Orders or Commands, at any time before the passing of this Act, be and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that in any Action, Suit, Indictment, Prosecution or Proceeding now commenced, or which shall or may hereafter be prosecuted and commenced, against any of the said Commissioners, Governor or Governors, Commanders, Officers or Person or Persons as aforesaid, for or by reason of any such Advice, Order or Command, or for or by reason of any Ad, Matter or Thing, done in such Aid and Assistance, or under such Advice, Order or Command respectively, he, she or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence.

VIII. Provided always, That this Act or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be confirmed to extend to restrain or prejudice the Trade or Right of Trade or Navigation of the said United Company of

5 A 2 Merchants

731

Or found hovering.

Forfeited, seized and brought to England for Prosecution.

Foreign Vessel* hovering and not departing on Order,

seized and pro. fecuted.

Proviso for Vessel* driven by Stress of Weather into Saint Helena.

Such Vessel* do-parting when able not liable tv

Forfeiture.

Onus probandi on Party claiming Exemption.

Indemnifying Persons ailing in detaining Buonaparte in Custody.

[General Issue.]

Proviso for Right of East India Company

73*

to trade with Saint Helena*

Act may be altered, &c.

An Annuity of 10, 000l.to be granted during the I/tfe of the Prince Is Chtr-btte.

'When payable.

In ease Hit Serene Highncfe survive the princess an Annuity of 50, ocol. to be granted for his Life.

When payable.

0.23, 44. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Merchants of Bngjfnft trading to the Bast Indies, to the said I Hand of Saint Helena, in Ships of and belonging to or chartered by the said Company, and duly licensed by them for that Purpose, or to prejudice or infringe the Rights of the said Company to and over the said Island and the Inhabitants thereof, except as is hereinbefore specially enacted and contained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad to be made in this present Session of Parliament*

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of Her Royal

Highness the Princess Charlotte Augusta, and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld*

[11th April 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration the most Gracious

Message of His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of His Muefty, 9communicating that His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, having given the Royal Consent to a Marriage between His Daughter Her Royal Highness the

Princess Charlotte Augusta and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saal-9 feldy and being fully persuaded that this Alliance could not but be acceptable to all His Majesty's faith*9ful Subjects, was deiirous of making such a Provision with a View to the said Marriage as might be suitabie9to the Honour and Dignity of the Country; 9 do most humbly, cheerfully, and unanimously beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, im order to provide for the Establishment of Her said Royal Highness the Princefe Charlotte Augusta, and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, upon such Marriage, by any Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to give and grant to Her said Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augusta and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxcf Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeldy or to such other Person or Persons as His said Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his and their Heirs, to or to the Use of or in Trust for Her said Royal Highness and His Serene Highness, one Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds shall commence and take Effect from the Day of the Marriage of Her said Royal Highness and HU said Serene Highness, and coutinue from thenceforth for and during the Life of Her said Royal Highness, and shall be paid and Payable at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say), the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the First Payment thereof to be made on the First Quarterly Day of payment next after the said Marriage, of such Proportion of such Quarterly Payment as shall have accrued between the Day of Marriage and such Quarter Day; and that the said Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds shall and may by such Letters Patent be directed to be issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain during the Life of Her said Royal Highness, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums as shall nave been dire (fled to be paid out of the fame by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Act, ) and with a Preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund*

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Thuringucn, Prince of Cobourg of Saaf- feld, in case he shall survive Her said Royal Highness Princess Charlotte Augusta, or to such Person or Persons as His Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of or in Trust for His Serene Highness, One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, Part of the said Annuity or Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds; which Annuity or Yearly Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, to commence and take effect immediately from and after the Decease of Her said Royal Highness Princess Charlotte Augusta, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of His laid Serene Highness, and shall be paid and payable at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year 5 (that is to say), the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in every Year by even and equal Portions; the First Payment thereof to be made on the First Quarterly Day of Payment next after the Decease of Her said Royal Highness, of such Proportion of such Quarterly Payment as shall have accrued between the Day of such Decease and such Quarter Day; and that the said Annuity of Fifty thousand Pounds shall and may by such Letters Patent be directed to be issuing and payable out of the said Consolidated Fund during the Life of His said Royal Highness, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Act, ) and with a Preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fuud.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 24, 25. 733

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuities of Sixty thousand Pounds and Fifty thousand Annuities to be Pounds shall respectively be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer j and the Auditor payebiet the of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required, by virtue of such Letters Patent, to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying, according to the Directions of this Act, the said Annuities respect- W*

ively as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed as aforesaid shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuities respectively, according to the Directions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuities of Sixty thousand Pounds and Fifty thousand Tax free. Pounds, and every Part thereof respectively, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and AfleAments, and all other Charges whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament or otherwise.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Butter.

[30th April 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several and respective Duties of Cudoms payable on the Import-

ation of Butter, from Foreign Countries into the United Kingdom, should be repealed, and that

other Duties should be imposed in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April Instead of the One thousand eight hundred and hxteen, the Duties of Cudoms payable by Law upon the Importation into Duties repeals*, the United Kingdom of Butter from Foreign Countries shall ceale and determine, save and except in all cases Table* -relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or to be wit* Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Fifth Day of April; and that from ana after the said Fifth Day of Aprils in lieu and indead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Maiedy, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties, as the same are mferted, described and let forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.)

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain Dudes under called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Cudoms in England for the time, beings Management of and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners Commissioners of the Cudoms in Scotland for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of the* Customs. Uuited Kingdom called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Cudoms and Port

Duties in Ireland*

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected. Duties leviod as paid and recovered in such and the like manner as any Duties of Cudoms of a like Nature are managed, other Duties of ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Con- Customs. ditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in

force, in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Cudoms in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pams,

Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Cudoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and reenacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties in Great AppUcstion of Britain (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted) shall from time Dud€S* to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties, called Permanent Duties, imposed by an Act, passed in the Forty 49 G*3*.98. ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repeating the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in tint thereof, are directed to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monies arinng from the said Duties in Ireland, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be passed A a may be in this present Session of Parliament. v tut

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Cudoms payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Buttter from Foreign

Countries.

£ Sm d*

BUTTER, Imported in a jBriVj/fc-buflt Ship, the Cwt. - 1 -

- , Imported in a Foreign-built Ship, the Cwt. - 15 —

A.D. 1816.

Instead of the Duties repealed, those speeWed in Table annexed to be paid.

Duties under Management of Commissioners of Customs.

Duties levied as other Duties of Customs.

Application of Duties.

Act may be altered, &c.

.2$, 27. 56° GEORGII III.

a.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Cheese.

[30th April

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several and respective Duties of Customs payable on the Import- ation of Cheese from Foreign Countries into the United Kingdom should be repealed, and that other 1 Duties should be imposed in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moil: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundwd and sixteen, the Duties of Customs payable by Law upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Cheese from Foreign Countries shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Fifth Day of April; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties, as the fame areinferted, described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexedjmarked (A.)

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in such and the like Manner as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature are managed, ascer-tamed, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in relation to or made for securtng the Revenue of Custom6 in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever comtpitted against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Fhrce and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and reenacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time anting from the said Duties in Great Britain (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties called Permanent Duties, knposed by an Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Oreat Britairi, and for granting new Duties in Hett thereof, are directed to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monies anting trom the said Duties in Ireland, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

TABLE (A.) to which this Aik refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Cheese from Foreign

Countries.

£ s* d.

CHEESE, Imported in a i?ri7^&-built Ship, the Cwt - - — 106

- , In^ported in a Foreign-built Ship, the Cwt. - 13 —

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to nmepd several Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders 5 to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[30th April 1816 3

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relative

to the Transportation of Offenders, to continue in force until the Ftrf Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the Regulations and Provisions of the said Act, and i that certain of the Provisions of Two several Aftfc, passed in the Nineteenth and Twenty fifth Years respectively 1 of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Transportation and Retrieval of Offenders* should be

continued* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be and the same is hereby continued, so far as relates to the Repeal of the said therein recited Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Court or Judge, or Justice or Justices, duly authorized in that Behalf, to carry into Execution the Provision of the said Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to the Transportation, Removal or Confinement of

IS any

19 G. 3. c. 74* G. 3. c. 46.

55 G. 3. c. 156. § I. so far as relates to repeal of 24 G. 3. c. 56. continued Provisions of 24 G. 3. c. 56. valid in relation

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C-»7- 735

or to the continuing of any Proceedings commenced before the passing of the said Act, notwithstanding the commenced be-Repeal of the said Act of the Twenty fourth Year aforesaid, or to proceed in relation to any such Offender, or of last

fn relation to the continuing any such Proceedings under the Provisions of this Act, as to such Court, Judge,°

Justice or Justices shall seem most expedient; any thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court Persons con-before which any Person or Persons shall have been or shall be convicted at any Session of Oyer and Terminer victed of a?y or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Session of the Peace to be holden for any County,

Riding, Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, pormrion/may or at any Great Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, or within the Principality of Wales, b« t/anfparted of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any other Offence for which such Person or Persons shall have been t>r be sub- accordingly, jest to be transported, to order and adjudge, or any subsequent Court holden at any Place for the same County,

Riding, Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty or Place respectively, with like Authority to order and

adjudge, that such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be transported beyond the Seas for any

Term not exceeding the Number of Years or Term for which such Person or Persons is or are or shall be liable

by any Law to be transported 5 and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with His Majesty

the Advice of his Privy Council, to declare and appoint any other Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the ay appoint

Seas, in addition to such as shall have been heretofore declared and appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose,

either within His Majesty's Dominions, or elsewherfc out of His Majesty's Dominions, to which any such Felons

or other Offenders shall be conveyed or transported; and such Court as aforesaid is hereby authorized and

required to order such Offenders to be transferred to the Use of any Person or Persons, and his or their Assigns,

who shall contract for the due Performance of such Transportation; and when His Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, shall be pleased to extend Mercy to any Offender or Offenders, who hath or have been or shall be

convicted of any Crime or Crimes for which he, she or they is, are or shall be by Law excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, upon Condition of Transportation to any Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either for

a Term of Life, or any Number of Years, and such Intention of Mercy shall befignified by one of His Majesty's On Intention of

Principal Secretaries of State, it shall be lawful for any Court, having proper Authority, to allow such Offender Mercy signified,

or Offenders the Benefit of a Conditional Pardon, and to order such Offender or Offenders to be transported

for such Term of Life or Years as shall be specified in such Condition of Transportation as aforesaid, and to make such Order of Transfer as aforesaid 5 and when any Offender or Offenders hath or have been or shall bfc

convicted of any Crime or Crimes for which he, she or they is or are by Law excluded the Benefit of Clergy,

the Judge before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, or any Justice of The King's Bench, jU(jgC m«y

Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif, in case the said Offender or Offenders make Order for

shall have been tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, or any Justice of Chestetr immediate

or Wales, in case the said Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted within any of their respective Juris- Transportation.

distions, shall, on such Intention of Mercy as aforesaid being signified to him by One of the said Principal Secre-

taries of State, make an Order for the immediate Transportation of such Offender or Offenders, and for such

Offender or Offenders to be transferred as aforesaid, in the same manner as if such Intention of Mercy had been

signified by one of the said Principal Secretaries of State during the Continuance of the Affixes or Sessions at

Which such Offender or Offenders was or were condemned; and such Order shall be considered as an Order

made at such Assizes or Sessions as aforesaid, and shall be as effectual, and have all the fame Consequences as any

Order for the Transportation of any Offender or Offenders made by any Justice of Oyer and Terminer, Great

Session, or Gaol Delivery for any County, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, during the Continuance of the

Assizes or Sessions; and such Person or Persons so contrafting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of Contractor to

such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Service of such Offender or Offenders, for such .hav5 Property

Term of Life or Years for which such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be transported. of

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the pee u> Clerks of Court, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town or Affi*e°,c!same Place, the fame Fee as hath been usually paid, or such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk as heretofore..Of the Court is entitled to, for the Order of Transportation of any Offender.

V. And be it enacted, That every Person or Persons to whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be Persons under-transferred as aforesaid, shall, before any of them shall be delivered over to him or them to be transported, taking to trans-give Security that he or they will transport, or cause to be transported effectually, such Offender or Offenders P0*1. oflrender*> to such Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas respectively, as shall be appointed by His Majesty in security.1* such manner as aforesaid, and procure such Evidence as the Nature of the Case will admit, of the landing of such Offender or Offenders so transferred as aforesaid, in that Place or Part or those Places or Parts beyond the S^as, where to he, she or they shall be ordered to be transported (Death and Casualties by Sea excepted) f dfid that he, she or they shall not be suffered to return to Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful Default of the Person or Persons so contrafting as aforesaid, or of his or their Assigns.

VI. And be it also enacted, That every such Court as aforesaid may appoint Two Justices of the Peace Court may ap-for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall Point Juices to have been convicted, who shall have Power, and are hereby required to contract with any Person or Persons Xnmf^rwtron who shall be nominated by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Performance of the of Offenders, on Transportation of such Offender or Offenders, and to order such Security to be taken as aforesaid; and also Security by*to cause such Offender or Offenders to be delivered by the respective Gaolers or Persons in whefe Custody he* Bond.

she or they shall be, to the Person or Persons contrafting, or to his or their Assigns 5 which Contrafts and

Security

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Securities to be certified by Justices to the nest Court, and kept amongst the Records.

ter Sessions.

Persons contracting to transport Offenders, may carry them through any

Security shall be certified by the Justices, who shall make and take the same to the next Court to be holden, with the like Authority, for the said County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, to be filed and k?pt among the Records of such Court; and all Securities for Transportation shall be by Bond in the Name of the respective Clerks of the Peace, or other Clerks of the Court, who shall prosecute such Bonds in their own Names; for which Purpose every such Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the Court, and his Successors respectively, shall be deemed a Body Corporate, and shall have and be paid all such Cods as they shall sustain in any such Suit, as the Justices of the Peace shall at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace

direct, out of the Public Stock; and all Monies recovered on such Bonds shall be for the U fe of the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, and be paid to their respective Trea-Charges of Coo- furers, to be Part of the Public Stock 5 and all Charges in or about making the Contracts, taking Securities, trs&s paid by amj conveying Felons and other Offenders in order to be transported, shall be borne by each County, Order^fQuar- X^iding>, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place for which the Court was held which ordered such Offenders to be transported; and the respective Treasurers shall, by Order of the Justices in Quarter Sessions, pay all such Charges to the Persons employed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, and to whom any Offender or Offenders shall be delivered in order to be transported, or any Person or Persons directed by the said Justices (empowered to contract as aforesaid) or their Assigns, may, in such manner as they shall think «r n fit, carry ana secure the said Offenders in and through any County of Great Britain, towards the Seaport

County to Sea- or Pkce from whence they are to be transported; and if any Person or Persons shall refeue such Offenders

port. or any of them, or aflid them or any of them in making their Escape from such Person or Persons as shall

Escape. have them in their Cudody as aforesaid, he, she or they shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer

Death.' Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Person found at

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender or Offenders who shall have been or shall be so large before the ordered by any such Court as aforesaid to be transported, or who shall have agreed or shall agree to transport Expiration of hi* himself or herlelf on certain Conditions, either for Life or any Number of Years, under the Provisions of Sentence. the said recited Act of the Twenty fourth Year aforesaid, or of the said recited Act of the lad Sessioo of Parliament, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to any such Place or Places, Part or Parts as shall have been or shall be appointed by His Majesty in manner aforesaid, shall be afterwards at large within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, without some lawful cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be transported, or shall have so agreed to transport himself or herself as aforesaid, every such Offender being at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death, as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and such Offender or Offenders may be tried either before the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, for the County, City, Liberty, Borough or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence he, she or they were ordered to be transported; and the Clerk of the Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer or Clerk of the Court having the Cudody of the Records where such Order of Transportatiun shall be made, shall, at the Requed of the Prosecutor, or any other Person on His Majesty's Behalf, make out and give a Certificate in Writing signed by him, t", n^ubftance containing the Effect and Subdance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indictment and Conviction n ment. such Offender or Offenders, and of the Order for his or her Transportation, to the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, where such Offender or Offenders shall be indicted (not taking for the fame more than Six Shillings and Eight pence) which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Order for the Transportation of such Offender or Offenders; and whoever shall discover and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders so being at large as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every such Offender so convicted, and (Hall have such Certificate to receive the same as any Person or Persons may be entitled unto for the apprehending and prosecuting to Conviction Persons who have committed ^ny Robbery upon the Highway: Provided nevertheless, that His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may pardon and dispense with such Transportation, and allow of the Return of any such Offender or Offenders to this Kingdom.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from time to time, by an Order in Writing to be notified by one of the said Principal Secretaries of State, or for any Three or more of such of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place in which any Gaol shall be situated, as shall be authorized by His Majesty under His Sign Manual, to direct the Removal of any Male Offender or Offenders who shall be under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during His Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and who, having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious Distemper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which such Offender or Offenders shall be; confined, to such Place of Confinement within England or the Dominion of Wales, either at Land or on board any Ship or Vessel to be provided by His Majesty in the River Thames, or any navigable or other River, or within the Limits of any Port or Harbour of England or Waksy as His Majesty, or any Three of such Justices authorized as aforesaid, shall from time to time appoint, under the Management of a Superintendant and Overseer to be appointed by His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices authorized as aforesaid; and every Offender who shall be so removed shall continue in the said Place of Confinement, or be removed to and confined in any other such Place or Places as aforesaid, as His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices authorized as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until such Offender shall be transported according to Law, or, by the Expiration of the Term of such Transportation or otherwise, shall be entitled to his Liberty, or until His Majesty, or any Three or more of such

12 Justices

Death.

Offender where tried.

Certificate con-

uf Indictment,

Fee.

Reward on Conviction. Proviso for Pardon.

His Majesty empowered to rder the Removal ot Male Pjifonert.

Offender examined by Surgeon.

Offender tore-main in Gaol until removed.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 27. 737

Jwttices so authorized as aforesaid, shall dtreft the Return of such Offender to the Gaol or Prifoa from which life (tail have been so removed; and the Sheriff or Gaoler having the Custody of any Offender whose Removal shall be ordered in manner aforesaid, shall with all convenient Speed, after the Receipt of the Notification of On Receipt of any such Order, convey or cause to be conveyed every such Offender to the Place appointed, and there deliver 0rdr» S?oler him to such Snperintendant or Overseer, together with a true Copy, attested by such Sheriff or Gaoler, of ^ove'offender' the Caption and Order of the Court before which such Offender was tried, containing the Sentence of Trans- aiuj deliver him partition of each such Offender respectively, by virtue whereof he shall be in the Custody of such Sheriff to Overseer, to-or Gaoler; and also a Certificate containing his Age, and an Account of his Behaviour in Prison before and gether with after his Trial, and the Gaoler's Observations on his Temper and Dispositioa, and such Information con- 9 ' oerning his Connexions and former Course of Life as may have come to the Gaoler's Knowledge 5 and such tlon* Snperintendant or Overseer as aforesaid shall give a proper Receipt in Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler for the Discharge of such Sheriff or Gaoler.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such Fees, on the delivering out of Custody of any such Offender Fees to be paid so ordered to be removed, as have usually been paid and would have been due to the Sheriff or Gaoler in as ufuaL case such Offender had been removed in order to have been transported, and all reasonable Expences which the Sheriff or Gaoler shall incur in every such Removal, shall be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Expences paid Borough, Liberty or Place for which the Court in which the Offender was convicted shall have been held; mid by County, &c. the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Expences from the Treasurer of such County, Riding,

Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place, such Fees and Expences being first allowed by the Order of the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter or other General Sessions of the Peace, who are hereby required to make such Order fes shall be just in that Behalf.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Offender shall be brought to any such Place of Confinement For deanfing as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Powers contained in this Act, he shall be washed, clean fed and purified, and thend Pur*Jy, ng Clothes in which he shall be then clothed shall be burnt, if necessary, or otherwise shall be preserved and taken offeadLs!*8 care of for him by the Overseer of the Place of Confinement, and redelivered to him upon his quitting it,

or fold for his Benefit, and the Produce thereof accounted for to him by the Overseer aforesaid; and when such Offender shall be finally discharged, either at the Eud or other Determination of his Term, such other decent Clothing, as shall be judged necessary and proper by the Superintendant aforesaid, shall be delivered to such Offender by the Overseer of the Place of Confinement from which he is discharged, and also such Sum of Money for his immediate Subsistence, as the said Snperintendant shall think proper, so as such Sum shall not in any case exceed Three Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after the Removal of any Offender under this Act, the Superintendant Oretfeers to or Overseer who shall have the Custody of him, shall during the Term of such Custody have the fame Powers

over him as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler, and in like manner be answerable for any Escape of such Offender; and also during such Custody shall fee him fed and clothed according to a Seale of Diet and Clothing to be fixed on, and notified in Writing by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Superintendant; and shall keep such Offender to Labour, at such Places and under such Regulations,

Directions, Limitations and Restrictions, as His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices To authorized as aforesaid, shall from time to time, by any Order to be directed to such Superintendant or Overseeis for their Instruction, appoint: And it is hereby declared, that the time during which any Offender shall have Time of Im-continued in Gaol under Sentence of Transportation, or being removed under the Provisions aforesaid, shall prifomnent to continue confined by virtue of this Act, shall be taken and reckoned in Discharge or Part Discharge or be deemed Put Satisfaction of the Term of his Transportation. of Term.

XIII. And be it further enacted, that if any Offender shall during such Custody under this Act be guilty Overseets may of any Misbehaviour or disorderly Conduct, it shall be lawful for such Superintendant or Overseer having the moderate Custody of such Offender to inflict or cause to be inflicted such moderate Punishment or Correction as may Mw^mc-nt foC be inflicted by Law on Persons committed to a House of Correction 5 and if any such Offender shall brealc Efca a^°Ur* from or unlawfully escape from the Custody of such Superintendant or Overseer, or if any Person shall R^e.or refeue or attempt to refeue, or assist in refeuing any such Offender from such Custody, - or shall convey or cause to be conveyed any Disguise, Instrument for effecting Escape or Arms to such Offender, every such Offence shall be punishable in the same manner as if such Offender had been confined in a Gaol or Prison in Punishment. the Custody of the Sheriff or other Gaoler, for the Crime of which such Offender shall have been convicted.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Superintendant of the several Places of Confinement to be Superintendmt

appointed by virtue of this Act shall from time to time make Returns, specifying the Name of every Person to make Rein Custody in each of such Places of Confinement, the Offence of which he or she shall have been guilty, the p, i*

Court before which he or she shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of such Court, together with his ojr loner*'

her Age and bodily State, and his or her Behaviour whilst in Custody; and also the Names of such Offender who shall have died whilst in such Custody, or shall have escaped or have been lawfully discharged from the same; which Returns shall be made on the First Day of every Easter Term, and the First Day of - every Times of Michaelmas Term, to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster, on the Oath of the Overseer of Returns, such respective Places of Confinement, such Oath to be made before the said Court, or any Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits in the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to appoint one fit, Appointment

'and able Person to be Superintendant of any Place or Places of Confinement, either at Land or on board Superintea-any Ship or Vessel, to which any such Offenders shall be removed by virtue of this Act; and m case it shall v

be deemed expedient, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to appoint One fit and proper Person to lie Assistant or Deputy to the said Superintendant at each or any of the said Places of Confinement and 56 Geo. III. 5 B to

Report of the Treatment, Earnings of Prisoners, Sec. to be laid before Parliament*

Continuance of Superintendant, &c. in Office.

Judges may alter Sentences of Tnnsport-ation.

Such order to have like F.fFeft as original Order for Transportation.

Offender found at large.

Death.

Reward on Conviction.

Account of Expences laid before Parliament.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costfc

Limitation of A&ioas.

«9O. 3. c. 74.

C. 17. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

to be constantly redden* at or near such Place or Places of Confinement 5 and also One proper Person to be Overseer on board each such Ship or Vessel, who, with a sufficient Number of Officers and Guards, shall constantly reside on board; and such Superintendant shall personally visit and inspect such Places of Confinement Four times in every Year, or oftener if Occasion shall require, and shall distinctly examine into the State of such Places of Confinement, the Behaviour and Condu& of the respective Assistants or Deputies, Overseers, Officers and Guards, the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, and the Amount of the several Earnings, and the Expences attending every such Place of Confinement, and shall make a faithful Report of the same to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, who shall cause such Report to be laid before both Houses of Parliament at the beginning of every Session; and such Superintendant shall distinguish in such Report the Amount of the Earnings and Expences at each of such Places of Confinement, and shall state the average Number of Prisoners confined therein, and the Number of Days' Labour done by such Prisoners, distinguishing the Work of Artificers from that of Common Labourers, and such Superintendant shall also, in Matters of extreme Necessity, .make a Special Report thereof to His Majesty's said Principal Secretary of State, who may, if he shall see fit, submit such Special Report to the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, who are hereby authorized to afford such Redress or provide such Regulations as they shall deem proper 5 and such Superintendant, Assistants or Deputies respectively, and Overseers, shall continue m Office during His Majesty's Pleasure, and shall receive such Salaries as His Majesty shall appoint 5 and such Superintendant shall be paid such travelling and other reasonable Expences as shall be incurred by him in Discharge of his Duty.

Xvl. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender hath already been ordered to be transported to any Part beyond the Seas, or if any Order shall at any time hereafter be made for the Transportation of any Offender, and such Order cannot be conveniently executed with respect to the Place in such Order mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Court of King's Bench, or (in the Vacation time and out of Term) for any Two Justices of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Barons of the Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, to order that such Offender shall be transported to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, which shall have been appointed by His Majesty for the Transportation of such Offenders, in such and the like manner and for the fame Term of Years as such Offender is or shall be liable to be transported to the Place mentioned in the original Sentence or Order for his or her Transportation; and such Order shall be considered as made at the same time, and shall be as effectual to every Intent and Purpose, and shall have all the fame Consequences in every respect as the original Order for the Transportation of such Offender; and such Offender shall be transferred, conveyed and made over to any Person who will contra& for the Performance of such Transportation, and to his or their Assigns, in like manner as if such Offender had been transported to the Place mentioned in the original Order of Transportation; and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Service of the said Offender for the Remainder of the Term for which the Offender was originally ordered ta be transported; and in case any such Offender so ordered for Transportation shall be afterwards at large within auy Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall have been ordered to be transported, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and shall be tned before such Judges, and in such manner, and the fame Evidence made use of for his or her Conviction, as is or shall be directed by the Laws now in being or hereafter to be made for the Trial of other Offenders who shall be at large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which they were ordered to be transported; ana whoever shall discover and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender so being at large within this Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every such Offender so convicted, and shall have such Certificate to receive the same, as any Person may be entitled to for the apprehending and prosecuting to Conviction Persons who have committed any Robbery upon the Highway.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution as far as the fame relates to the Removal of Prisoners convicted, and remaining in Custody under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty's Pleasure^ or under Sentence or Order of Transportation to other Places of Confinement, and which are not otherwise provided for, shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament, and shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to His Majesty by Parliament.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions after Issue joined, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendants have by Law in other cases; and notwithstanding a Verdict shall be given to any Plaintiff in such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Colts against the Defeudant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County and Place where the Fa& was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fa& committed, and not otherwise.

XX. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to Transportation, Imprisonment

14 and

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 27, 28, 29.

and other Punj/bment of certain Offenders, as relates to Transportation beyond Seas, and so much of an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cafes9 as authorizes the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which were continued by subsequent Acts of the Twenty eighth, Thirty fourth, Thirty ninth. Forty second, Forty sixth, Fifty third and Fifty fourth Years respectively of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, ana until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the fame is hereby continued for the Term herein after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[21st May 1816.]

TREASURY may issue Exchequer Bills in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — §1. Clauses, &c. in the recited Act relating to Exchequer Bills extended to Ad, §2. Proviso as to issuing Exchequer Bills on Credit of 55 G. 3. c. 3. in any other Manner than they are authorized by this Act, §3. Interest not exceeding 3*[d. perCent. per Diem, f 4. Exchequer Billo may, at Expiration of Four Months after Date, 49 be taken in Payment of the Revenue, f 5. Bank of England authorized to advance 8, oooo, ooool. on Credit of Ad, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — f o.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to make perpetual certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs, on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to repeal so much of several Acts passed in the Forty seventh, Forty ninth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as charge any Loans made for the Service of the Years One thousand eight hundred and seven, One thousand eight hundred and nine, and One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the War Duties of Customs or Excise, and to charge such Loans on the Duties of Customs made perpetual.

[2lft May 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen9certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, whereby certain Duties of Customs therein described were continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: And

Whereas it is expedient that the said Duties should be made perpetual; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which were by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be and the same are hereby made permanent and perpetual.

II. And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the Loan of Twelve millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven9 upon the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and for providing a Sinking Fundfor the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created; and another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for charging the Sum of Eleven Millions raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sum of Seven millions nine hundred and thirty two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War9 and for certain Periods afier the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Pence; and another Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for charging the Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, raisedfor the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace: And Whereas by the said respective Acts certain Loans made for the Services of the Years One thousand eight hundred and seven, One thousand eight hundred and nine, and One thousand eight hundred and eleven respectively, and in the said recited Acts respectively specified, are charged upon the several Duties of Customs and Excise which were granted during the Continuance of the late War for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace by several Acts of the Forty third, Forty sixth, and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the said last recited Acts of Parliament of the Forty seventh. Forty ninth and Fifty first years respectively particularly recited and set forth: And Whereas it is expedient that the fame should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said several recited Acts of Parli?*

5 B 2 ment

739

35 G. 3.046. ft*

Continuance of

Aa.

5S G. 3. C.J*

Duties continued by recited Act mads perpetual.

47 G. 3. Seff I. c-55- §

49 G.3. c. 92.

§a.

51 G. 3. c. 6x.

repealed.

Application of Duties.

Act may be altered, &c.

S G.3. c 22.

330.3. c. 61. 37 a 3..10a.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 73.

34 O.3. c. 172.

35 <*.3.0. 155-

Commissioners and others indemnified in relation 10 Pro* ceedings under the recited Acts.

C. 29, 30. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

ment of the Forty seventh, Forty ninth, and Fifty first Years respectively, as charge the said Loans therein respectively specified upon the said fereral Duties of Customs and Excise which were granted during the Continuance of the late War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Montes arising by the Duties of Customs by this Act made perpetual, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall be carried to and made Fart of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and shall be deemed an Addition to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Purpose of defraying the Charges occasioned by the said several Loans made for the Services of the said Years One thousand eight hundred and seven, One thousand eight hundred and nine, and One thousand eight hundred and eleven respectively, and shall be deemed to be a rrovHion for defraying the annual Charges occasioned by the said Loans respectively, in lieu and instead of the Provisions made for that Purpose by the said recited Acts of the Forty seventh, Forty ninth, and Fifty first Years of His Majesty's Reign respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for indemnifying the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and all Persons who may hare ailed under their Authority, in relation to certain Orders ifiTued and Things done relative to certain Acts regarding the Distilleries in Scotland.

[21st May 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the left Session of Parliament as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills in certain Counties or DislriBs of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences*to Persons living in the said Counties or DislriBs to distil Spirits from Barley, Bear or Bigg, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences: And Whereas another Act was passed in the*Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland herein particularly described, for a limited time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective DislriBs in Scotland: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending and continning certain ABs of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland; by which several Acts Regulations were made relative to Stills and Distillers in certain Distridsof Scotland distinguished from each other by Boundaries in the said Acts respectively particularly described and set forth s And Whereas another Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers, Wafts, Spirits and Licences, and for granting other Duties in Fteu thereof: And Whereas another Act was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the temporary Fourth Part of the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers, Wafts, Spirits and Li-

cences, impofta by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, and for enabling His Majesty, by Order in Council, to modify the Operations of the said AB, or reduce the Duties thereby imposed: And Whereas Doubts have been entertained whether the Distinction of Lowland, Highland and intermediate Districts as described by the Boundary Lines in any of the said Acts made in the Twenty fifth. Thirty third, Thirty seventh and Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years respectively of His Majesty's Reign, were abolished by the said Two last mentioned Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign respectively, or were still to be continued and observed; and by reason thereof Questions have arisen whether Spirits could pass from any one Part to any other Part of Scotland: And Whereas the Commissioners and Officers of the Excise in Scotland may have given Directions and issued or refused Permits, and done other Acts, Matters and Things in relation to the said recited Acts and to the Distilleries in Scotland which might be deemed unlawful, and Doubts might arise whether such Commissioners and Officers might not be subject to Suits and Actions by means thereof; and it is therefore necessary that such Commissionera and Officers, and all Persons acting under their Authority or by their Direction, should be indemnified in relation thereto Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland, and all Persona acting under their Authority, or by their Direction, or in pursuance of any Orders or Instructions given by any such Commissioner or Officer in relation to the Distilleries in Scotland, or any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Distilleries of Scotland, or the regulating and collecting atnr Duties of Excise in respect of such Distilleries, shall be and are hereby indemnified for and in respect of all such Orders, Instructions, Directions, Acts, Matters and things, as the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Person or Persons acting bond side under their Directions or by their Authority, may have given, executed

ll or

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 30, 31. 741

or done in reference to the said recited Acts; and that no such Commissioner or Officer of Excise or Person aforesaid shall be liable to any Action or Actions, Suits, Indictments or Informations, in consequence of any such Orders, Instructions or Directions, or Acts, Matters or things, which shall have been so done as aforesaid $ and in case any Action, Suit, Indictment or Information, shall have been or shall be commenced or prosecuted against any such Commissioner or Officer of Excise, or Person aforesaid, by reason of any such Orders, Instructions or Directions, or Acts, Matters or things as aforesaid, such Commissioner, Officer or Person may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and shall in every such case, if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant, recover Treble Costs of Spit.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they Penntei may be are hereby empowered to issue Directions for the granting of Permits to any Person or Persons for the ^irit*

carrying or transferring of Spirits from any Part or Parts of the Highlands of Scotland to the Lowlands of from'Highlands Scotland, pursuant to and in Fulfilment of any Contra& which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said to Lowlands. Commissioners of Excise to have been made and entered into previous to the first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for transferring all Contrails and Securities entered into with or given to the Commissioners for Transports to the Commissioners of the Navy and Vi&uaJling.

[21st May

WHEREAS by a Commission or Letters Patent passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date at Westminster, the Fifteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Sir Rufer George Baronet, James Bowen Esquire, John Douglas Esquire,

John Harness Doctor of Physic, Courtnay Boyle Esquire, and John Forbes Esquire, were constituted add appointed Commissioners, during His Majesty's Pleasure, for conducting the Transport Service, and also for the Care of sick and wounded Seamen, as well as for the Care and Custody of Prisoners of War: And Whereas it is expedient that if His Majesty should be pleased to cancel or revoke the said Letters Patent, all Properties, Estates, Rights and Contracts now vested in the said Commissioners, or their Assigns, cm Behalf of His Majesty, should De preferred and conveyed over to such other Commissioners or Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to appoint in that Behalf* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if His Majesty shall be pleased by any Commission or Power of Corn-Letters Patent to cancel and revoke the said Commission or Letters Patent bearing Date the said Fifteenth "lffioner' f<£ Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and by any other Commission, Letters Patent or

Order in Council, hereafter to be made, to grant, transfer or commit all or any of the Powers, Authorities and the Transport Rights now vested in the said Commissioners, relating to or so far as they may relate to the Conduct and Service, may be Management of the Transport Service, or other Service respecting the Employment of Ships or Vessels in any transferred to other Department of "His Majesty's Government, or any thing relating thereto, to the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, that from and after such Revocation, and such further Grant, by His Majesty, all 0 av* c* Contracts, Covenants and Agreements made and entered into between the said Commissioners for conducting the Transport Service, or any Person on their Behalf, and any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Hire of Transport Ships and Veuels, or for any other Purpose connected with the Transport Service, or other Services above mentioned, or in any manner relating thereto; and all Bonds and other Securities entered into by any Person or Persons for the due Performance of such Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, or for the doing or performing of any other Act, Matter or thing whatsoever, relating to the said Transport and other Services, shall be veiled in and transferred to the said principal Officers and Commissioners of the Ndvy, and shall continue in force in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Contracts, Covenants and Agreements, Bonds and other Securities, had been entered into with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, Or any of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That if His Majesty shall so as aforesaid be pleased to cancel and revoke the Such Powers, fa said Commission or Letters Patent, bearing Date the said Fifteenth. Day of September One thousand eight hun- far*efpe&s dred and thirteen, and by any other Commission or Letters Patent or Order in Council hereafter to be made, to grant, transfer or commit all or any the Powers, Authorities, and Rights now vested in the said Commis- seamen, &c. (loners for conducting the Transport Service, relating to or so far as they may relate to the Care of sick and may be'uanf-wounded Seamen, or any thing relating thereto, or To far as they may relate to the Care and Maintenance of ferred 10 the Prisoners of War, or any thing relating thereto, to the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, thfct from and after such Revocation and such further Grant by His Majesty, all Contracts, Covenants and Agree- for v*luaU*nfr ments made and entered into between the said Commissioners for conducting the Transport Service, or any Person on their Behalf, and any other Person or Persons whomsoever for the supply of any Articles or thinjjs whatsoever, for the Use of the lick and wounded Seamen in His Majesty's Service or Prisoners of War, or for any other Purpose connected with the Care of the said Seamen or Prisoners, or in any manner relating thereto, and all Bonds and other Securities entered into by any Person or Persons for the due Performance of such last mentioned Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, or for the doing or performing of any other Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever relating to the last mentioned Services, shall be veiled in and transferred to the said Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, and shall continue in force in like manner, to all Intents and Put-poses, as jf the fame Contracts, Covenants and Agreements, Bpnds and other Securities had been entered into with the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, or any of them.

742 C. 32.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Ante, c. xo.

§65.

§66.

Allowances for the Diet of Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers.,

Further Allow, vice of One Halfpenny per Piem.

Horses quartered, Rate per Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw. Regulation with respect to dieting Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers on March.

Persons paying Money to Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers on the March in lieu of Piet, &c.

Proviso for Nnn Commissioned Officer*, &lc. when halted.

If Hairing only for a Dav after Arrival, and that a Market Da , Diet and Small Beer not dUcontiaued'

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[21st May 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted, that Officers and Soldiers shall be furnittied with Diet and Small Beer upon paying and allowing for the fame the several ' Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and an Option is given to Innholders and others, upon whom Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furnish certain Articles gratir,

in lieu of Diet and Small Beer; and it is just and expedient that an adequate Allowance shall be made and

established for Provision and other Articles furnittied to Officers and Soldiers May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Non Commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnittied with Diet and Small Beer within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said recited Act by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the fame the Sum of One Shilling per Diem until the Twenty fourth Day of fibril inclusive, and from and after that Day the Sum of Ten pence per Diem; and that for such Allowances of One Shilling and Ten pence, the Innholder or other Person shall fur*ni(h One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner if required, in each Day, to each Non Commissioned Officer, Trumpeter,

Drummer and Private Soldier, quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Non Commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, furnish such Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rate prescribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive in Consideration thereof One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non Commissioned Officer and Soldier 5 which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid m like manner as is directed touching the Rate aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall be One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horse until the Twenty fourth Day of April inclusive, and from and after that Day Ten pence per Diem.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billetted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rate' hereinbefore prescribed while on the March, as also on and for the Day- of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destination, and on the Two subsequent Dap, unless either of the Two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Distance of Two Miles thereof; in which case it shall be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed.

V. Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person liable by the said recited Act to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furnishing in kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or other Person may be proceeded against and fined in like manner as if he or she had retufed to furnish or allow according to the Directions of the said recited Act the several things respectively directed to be furnittied to Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaich

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the Non Commi.^oned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Perlo .» on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to this Act.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on their March shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment shall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of Halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue on such Market Day the Supply of Diet and

Small

A.D. 1816. g6* GEORGII III. C. 31 — 35. 743

Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto if such Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in Re- Regulations!* cruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March and for Two Days after the Day of to 'Recruiting their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard Par.t, e*

[Proviso.]

to Troops upon the March 5 but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days subsequent to the Arrival 01 the cru, t8 °n Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to \>e supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also never- theless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a time shall return to the same Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance and be in force from the Twenty Continuance of fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that all Payments which have been made, and all Acts, Matters Proviso for and things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provisions thereof, shall be as good, valid and Payments, effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty fourth Day of March\

One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered and varied by any A & to be Act may be made in this Session of Parliament. altered, &c.

Cap. xxxra.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

[21st May 1816.]

[This Act is the fame, except as to Dates, as 54 G. 3. c. 5.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to charge an additional Duty on Corks, ready made, imported into Great Britain.

[2lft May 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Customs should be imposed on all Corks ready

made5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected Duty on ready and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Corks readymade imported into Great Britain, made Cork* ira-an additional Duty of Customs of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Pound Weight. ported.

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Customs hereby imposed shall be managed. Managed as

ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs <*be* Duties of of the like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered. Customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duty, the necef- Application of iary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, Stall from time to time be paid Dutiefc

into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties called Permanent Duties, " imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year 49 G. 3. c. 98. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable iu Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof \ are directed to be appropriated and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to Act may be

be made in this present Session of Parliament. altered, &c.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Collection of the Tonnage Duty upon Ships Inwards; for empowering the Lords of the Treasury to regulate the Hours of Officers' Attendance in the Port of London; and for permitting Ships to commence and complete their loading of Coals before the Delivery of the Fitters' Certificates. May 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the more speedy and effectual Collection of the Tonnage Duties payable upon Ships and Vessels entering Inwards in Great Britain from Foreign Ports $' Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no Officer of His Majesty't

Customs

Tonnage Duty to be paid before

744

any Vessel it suffered co break Bulk.

47 0- 3* SeflTi. c. 51.

§8.

Treasury may alter Hours of Attendance of Officers of Customs in London,

Vessel may be loaded with Coals before Certificate of Quantity delivered to Officer of Customs as required by 5»G. 3.C. 9.

Delivering false Certificate.

[Penalty.]

3 Ed. 4. c. 4. I R.3. c. I a.

Recited A&i repealed.

C. 35, 5«° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Customs whatsoever, or any lie^ufy or Clerk of such Officer, shall permit or fofer any Ship or YVlfel to break Bulk, or any Part of her Carg > to be dischirged, or issue any Order, or grant any Document for the unshipping or landing any Goods, Wares or Merchandize brought or imported by any Ship or Vessel subject and liable to the Payment of the Duties of Tonnage, until the said Dudes have been fully paid to the proper Officer of the Customs; or in case any Doubt or Dispute shall arise as to the true Tonnage thereof, fb that a perfe61 Entry cannot be passed, theh in every such ckfe a sufficient Deposit shall be made of the said Dudes with such Officer as aforesaid, previous to any Document being iffaed or granted for the unshippinfg or landing any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel so entering Inwards as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

filled An Act to extend the PrdviJtoHs 6f an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for abolishirtg 'Feet received ly certain Officers and other Pelfohs employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed, to the Outports; and to appropriate the Fees of certain abolished and vacant Offices in the Customs to the Superannuation Fund; it is provided and enacted,

that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three Or more of them,

by Warrant under their Hands, whenever and as often as they shall deem it right for the better Security of the Revenue, and the Accommodation of Trfcde, to alter the Hours during which the Officers, Clerks

or other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs at any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, are now by Law required to attend in the Execution of the Duties of thetr respective Offices or Employments; and to regulate ktfd direct the Attendance of every such Officer, Clerk or other Person so employed, in such manner and during such times and at such Places as they the said Ldrds Commissioners of tlis Majesty's Treasury shall in their Judgrtietit deem expedient for the public Service; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas it is expedient that the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should have the Eke Power of altering and fixing the legal Hours of Attendance of the Officers in the Port of London Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, whenever and as often Us they shall deem it right for the better Security of the Revenue, and the Accommodation of Trade, to alter the Hours during which the Officers, Clerks or other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, are now by Law required to attend in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments; and to regulate and direct the Attendance of every such Officer, Clerk or other Person so employed in such manner ana during such times and at such Places as they the said Lords Chmtoissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall in their Judgment deem expedient for the public Service; any Law, Custotn or Usage to the contrary nottotthftandibg.

III. And Whereas great Inconvenience has been experienced by the Shippers of Coals in consequence of c the Ships and Vessels not being permitted to coihihence Uding until the Fitter or Person vending such Coals ' has delivered to the Officer of the Customs Certificates of the Quantity of Coals intended to be taken on board such Ships or Vessels For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel in which any Coals are intended to be tak£n bn board for the Purpose of being carried Coastwise, or for the Fitter or Fitters or any other Person or Persons vending, felling or intending to ship such Coals, to commence and complete the Loading of any such Ship or Vessel, although the Certificates required by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for letter securing the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders, and mating other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for requiring Ships in the Coal Trade to be measured, shall not have been delivered to the proper Officers of the Customs.; and in every case where the Loading is completed before the Delivery of such Certificates the same shall express the Quantity of Coals actually shipped, and shall be delivered to the proper Officer of the Customs prior to the Ship or Vessel leaving the Port; and if any false Certificate shall be made or given by any such Fitter or Fitters, Coal Owner or Agent, of the Quantity of Coals sold or vended and p&ually shipped or laden on board such Ship or Vessel, or who shall deliver any such Certificate or Certificates signed by any Person, except himself or themselves, every such Fitter or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of in the manner directed by the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Reigns of King Edward the Fourth and King Richard the Third, which prohibit the Importation of Wrought Goods and certain other Articles.

[2lft May 1816.]

WHEREAS it appears no longer necessary or proper to continue the Prohibitions on the Importation of certain Articles contained in an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, ^intituled Certain Merchandizes not lawful to be brought ready wrought into this Realm; and in an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King Richard the Third, intituled Certain Merchasr dizes prohibited to be brought into this Realm ready wrought; and therefore that the said Acts should be

repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Two Acts, and every thing therein contained, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

745

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

c. 37 — 40.

13 & 14 Car. c. if.

repealed.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to permit the Importation of Prunes the Produce of Germany.

[21st May 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in His Majesty's Customs, it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Grocery shall be imported into England or Wales or Berwick upon Tweed from the Netherlands or Germany, upon any Pretence whatsoever, in any Sort of Ships or Vessels whatsoever, upon the Penalty of the Loss of the said Goods, as also of the Ships and Furniture: And whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said recited Act as extends to the Article of Prunes the Produce of Germany f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as relates to Prunes the Produce of Germany shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to empower His Majesty to suspend the Ballot or Enrolment for the Local Militia.

[21st May 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to suspend any Ballot or EnrolVy raent for the Local Militia* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order Sufyending in Council, to direct that no Ballot or Enrolment for the Local Militia shall take place; but that such Ballot Pj!ot. for Local and Enrolment shall remain and continue suspended for the Period specified in any such Order of Council, dlt, a' and from time to time, by any like Order or Orders in Council, to continue such Suspension so long as His Majesty shall deem the fame expedient; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to reduce the Number of Days of Muster or Exercise of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry.

[21st May 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Number of Days* Attendance at Muster or Exercise, necessary 4 Vy' to entitle Persons serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry to be returned or certified as effective Members of such Corps, should be reduced; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Number of Days' Attendance at Muster or Exercise of Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, to entitle any Person serving in such Corps to be returned or certified as an effective Member thereof, shall be Six in each Year, any thing in an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteer Corps, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Act shall be construed, as to all Returns and Certificates of Commanding Officers of such Corps, or others, as if the Number of Days' Attendance at Muster or Exercise, specified in the said Act as necessary to entitle Persons fdrvrag in Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry to be returned or certified as effective, had been Six instead of Twelve in each Year; and such Number of Six Days shall in like manner be divided into Two Days or Three equal Parts in each Four Months, instead of Four Days as in the said Act provided, with such Provisions as to making good any Number of Days at different Periods, as are contained in the said Act in relation to the Days of Muster or Exercise specified in the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in any case where a Coras of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry should attend at Muster or Exercise Five Days successively, such Five Days' successive Attendance shall entitle each Individual so attending to be returned or certified as effective, the same as if he had attended the whole Number of Six Days according to the Provisions of this Act.

Six Days' Attendance of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry, to entitle Persons to be returned as efteftive.

44 G. 3. c. 54. how construed.

Five successive Days to entitle Persons to be so returned.

CAP. XL.

An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cacti by the Bank of England.

[21st May 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 44G-3*c*i* 4 W intituled An Act to continue until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several A3s$ made in the Thirty /eventh9 Thirty eighth, Forty second,

and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England,

which Act has by several subsequent Acts been continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: And Whereas it is highly desirable that the Bank of England should as fqon as poiuble $6 Geo. III. 5 C 4 return

746 C. 40, 41*

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

continued.

Irish Treasury may issue Bills to a cettain Extent to bear Interest.

Bills issued not to exceed 3, 470, 000l.

Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of Revenue in Ireland, after such time as Treasury shall appoint,

and Interest shall cease.

Money to be carried to the Irish Consolidated Fund.

return to the Payment of its Notes in Cash; but it is expedient that the Provision of the said Act should be further continued, in order to afford time to the Directors of the Bank to make such Preparations as to their

Discretion and Experience may appear most expedient for enabling them to resume Payments in Cash without public Inconvenience, and at the earliest Period, and that a time should be fixed at which the said Re-

striction shall cease May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[21st May 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being defirou9 of raising the necessary Supplies which ' we have cheerfully and voluntarily granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that 4 a Sum not exceeding Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency be raised by Treasury Bills in Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned; And do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, or any Three or more of them, now or for the time being, if he or they shall judge it adviseable, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to prepare and make and issue, or cause to be prepared or made and issued, any Number of Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums respectively specified therein, (not exceeding in the whole the Amount herein after mentioned and directed, ) and declaring such Sum or Sums to be payable, or such Bills to pass current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at such time and times as shall be directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and as shall be expressed in such Bills respectively; and such Bills shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the said Bills shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to authorize the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland\ to issue any such Bills under this Act, to any Amount exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency; and that such Bills shall be issued for so much only of the said Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency as shall be actually paid by any Person or Persons into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at the Instance or by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Irclandy or any Three of them now or for the time being; and that the Interest on the said Bills, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall commence from the I flu in g thereof respectively, and shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever 5 and that every such Bill so to be issued for the said Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall or may, on or after such time or times as shall be appointed by the Said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or by the said Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by and be current to any Receiver or Collector in Ireland of the Customs, Excise or any Revenue, Aid or Tax in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Custom, Excise or any Aid, Revenue or Tax, then or thereafter respectively to become due or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Ireland, and shall be taken, pass and be current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, from every such Receiver or Collector, for or in respect of the Customs, Excise or any Revenue, Aid or Tax by him collected or received, at or after such time or time* so to be appointed as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any of the said Treasury Bills, which shall or may be issued in pursuance of this Act shall be received by any Receiver or Collector, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, all Interest shall cease from the Day of such Receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon, and the fame, when paid by such Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, shall be cancelled.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be received under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Dublin, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 41, 42. 747

Bills to be chargeable thereon.

Bank of Ireland or Bank of England may advance

a, 47ovooooL on Credit of A3.

Interest arising in England to be paid into the Bank of England.

Transmitting Treasury Bills to England.

V. And be it farther enacted, That all the said Treasury Bills, and all Interest thereon, or which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland*

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Exchequer in Dublin, or at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in London, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Amount of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency, any Act or Acts to the contrary not with (landing; so that no greater or higher Sum, by way of Interest, Discount, Gratuity or other Consideration, shall be demanded or taken by such or any of the said Governors and Companies respectively, or by any Person on their Behalf, than at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for any Money so advanced.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, do and shall order and direct and cause to be paid into the Bank of England, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever, all Interest which shall become due and payable on such Part of the said Sum as shall be raised or advanced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, until such time as the Holders of such Treasury Bills shall be paid their Principal Money, with all Interest remaining due thereon, at One entire Payment, at the said Bank of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland be and they are hereby authorised and required to obey all such Orders, as to the Issue and Delivery of such Treasury Bills as shall be required to be transmitted to England, as they shall from time to time receive from the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Sixteen.

[21st May 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the necessary Supplies«which we have cheerfully and voluntarily granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, nave

resolved that a Sum not exceeding One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency be raised

by Treasury Bills in Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned And do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland Irish Treasury for the time being, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, or any Three or more of m*y ifr"« Bills thenf, now or for the time being, if he or they shall judge it adviseable, at any time or times after the passing tobear*of this Act, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or interest. Governors of Ireland for the time being, to prepare and make and issue, or cause to be prepared or made and issued, any Number of Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums respectively specified therein, (not exceeding in the whole the Amount herein after mentioned and directed, ) and declaring such Sum or Sums to be payable, or such Bills to pass current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at such time and times as shall be directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and as shall be expressed in such Bills respectively; and such Bills shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds ter Centum per Annum; and the said Bills shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to Bills idlied not extend, to authorize the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to issue exc*ff. any such Bills under this Act, to any Amount exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million seven hundred ^oojPool. thousand Pounds British Currency 5 and that such Bills shall be issued for so much only of the said Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency as shall be actually paid by any Person or Persons into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at the Instance or by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other CJhief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or any Three of them now or for the time being; and that the Interest on the said Bills, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall commence from the issuing thereof respectively, and shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever; and that every such Bill so to be Bills, if not paid issued for the said Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, or any Part thereof off, shall be as aforesaid, shall or may, on or after such time or times as shall be appointed by the said Lord High taken in paX" Treasurer for the time being, or by the said Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief after nidi ri"'Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by and as Treasury be current to any Receiver or Collector in Ireland of the Customs, Excise or any Revenue, Aid or Tax in shall appoint, Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Custom, Excise or any Aid, Revenue or Tax, then or thereafter

5 C 2 respectively

tira*

and Interest shall ceaTe.

Money to be carried to the Irtth Consolidated Fund. Bills to be chargeable thereon.

Bank of Ireland or Bank of England may advance

x, 700, 0001. on Credit of Act.

Interest anting in England to be paid into the Bank of England.

Transmitting Treasury Bills to England.

43 O.3. c. 81. Sch. (A.) tit. Malt.

54 G. 3. c. 73.

55 G. 3. c. 7.

Allowances for unground Malt produced to Officer between ift and 7th July.

Allowances for Malt.

0.42, 43* 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

respectively to become doe or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Ireland, and shall be taken, pals and be current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland* from every such Receiver or Collector, for or in respect of the Customs, Excise or any Revenue, Aid or Tax by him collected or received, at or after such time or times so to be appointed as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any of the said Treasury Bills, which shall or may be issued in pursuance of this A &, shall be received by any Receiver or Collector, pursuant to the Provisions of this A A, all Interest shall cease from the Day of such Receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon, and the fame, when paid by such Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, shall be cancelled.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be received under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Dublin* and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the said Treasury Bills, and all Interest thereon, or which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Exchequer in Dublin, or at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in London, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; so that no greater or higher Sum, by way of Interest, Discount, Gratuity or other Consideratioa, shall be demanded or taken by such or any of the said Governors and Companies respectively, or by any Person on their Behalf, than at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for any Money so advanced.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissionera for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, do and shall order and direct and cause to be paid into the Bank of England* without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever, all Interest which shall become due and payable on such Part of the said Sum as shall be raised or advanced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England* until such time as the Holders of such Treasury Bills shall Be paid their Principal Money, with all Interest remaining due thereon, at One entire Payment, at the said Bank of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland be and they are hereby authorized and required to obey all such Orders, as to the Issue ana Delivery of such Treasury Bills as shall be required to be transmitted to England* as they shall from time to time receive from the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland.

Cap. xun.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, certain additional Duties were imposed upon Malt which would have expired at a certain limited time after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace had not the fame been continued: And Whereas the fame were, by a certain Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen 5 and by another Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were and are further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and will then expire: And Whereas it is expedient to grant an Allowance of the said additional Duties in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 'in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be paid or allowed to every Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler and Vinegar Maker, for all dry unground Malt which he, she or they shall produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, and which shall be taken an Account of, and the Quantity thereof ascertained by such Officer or Officers in manner herein after mentioned, between the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen and the Seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and for which the said Duties shall have been charged or paid, the Several Allowances and Sums of Money following 5 (that is to say),

For every Bushel of dry unground Malt ascertained as herein after mentioned, made in that Part of Great Britain called England* from Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, Two Shillings:

For every Bushel of dry unground Malt ascertained as herein after mentioned, made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, except Beer or Bigg, Two Shillings:

For every Bushel of dry onground Malt ascertained as herein after mentioned, made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain therewith, One Shilling and Four pence.

14 II. And

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 43.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall have or be entitled to any such Allowance, unless he, she or they shall respectively give Notice in Writing two Days previous to the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to the proper Officer of Excise, of his, her or their Name and Place of Abode, and also of the particular House, Outhouse, Barn or other Place where any dry unground Malt for or in respect of which he, she or they intends or intend to claim any such Allowance, shall be kept, laid or deposited, and unless he, she or they shall also, before the said First Day of Ju/v One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, place all such Malt for or in respect of which he, she or they intends or intend to claim any such Allowance as shall then be actually dried, Tcreened, cleaned and finished, into such Form as shall enable the Officer or Officers of Excise conveniently'to gauge, take an Account of, and ascertain the Quantity thereof} and in case any Corn or Grain which shall be in Operation for the making thereof into Malt upon any of those respective Days before mentioned shall be actually made into Malt, dried, screened, cleaned and finished by any Maltster or Maker of Malt before the time when the Officer or Officers of Excise shall first take an Account of the dry unground Malt, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Maltster or Maker of Malt; or in case any dry unground Malt shall be brought by Water under the Regulations in this Act contained, and shall be delivered into the Stock of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, before the Officer or Officers shall have first taken such Account thereof as aforesaid, then and in every such case no such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall have or be entitled to any such Allowance in respect of such Malt, unless he, she or they shall give previous Notice in Writing by the Space of Twelve Hours to the proper Officer of Excise, of his, her or their Intention to claim such Allowance in respect of such Malt, specifying the Quantity thereof, and of the Place where such Malt shall be kept or deposited, and shall place and keep all such Malt in the like Form, but separate and apart from all other Malt, so that the Officer or Officers of Excise may conveniently take such Account thereof, as is by this Act directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That after any Malt, for or in respect of which any such Allowance may be claimed, shall have been placed in such Form as is directed by this Act, no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall, on any Pretence whatever, alter the Postion thereof, until Six Days after the Officer shall have first gauged and taken his Account thereof; and that no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall remove, carry or fend away, or cause or procure to be removed, carried or sent away, any such Malt from the House, Outhouse, Barn or other Place in which the same shall have been so gauged, or an Account taken thereof, until Six Days after the Officer shall have first gauged and taken his Account thereof; and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall, contrary to the Directions of this Act, alter the Postion of any such Malt, for or in respect of which he, she or they shall claim any such Allowance, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer* Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall remove, carry or fend away, or cause or procure to be removed, carried or sent away, any such Malt, contrary to the Directions of this Act, he, she or they shall forfeit the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, and all Right, Title or Claim to any Allowance which he, she or they might otherwise have been entitled to under or by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any of the Malt in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession s Provided always nevertheless, that all Common Brewers, Distillers, Victuallers and Vinegar Makers, who shall give to the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, previous Notice in Writing by the Space of Twenty four Hours of has, her or their Intention to make use of any such Malt, so that the Officer may attend and take an Account of and ascertain the true Quantity thereof, specifying in such Notice the Quantity so intended to be used, shall be at Liberty to make use of such Quantity of his, her or their Malt, for or in respect of which he, she or they shall claim any such Allowance without being liable to the Forfeitures last aforesaid, or either of them, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, so as the Residue of such Malt shall be left unaltered, and in such Form and Postion as to enable the Officer or Officers of Excise to gauge, take Account of and ascertain the Quantity thereof, in the manner hereinbefore directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officer and Officers of Excise, at his and their free Will and Pleasure, at any time or times in the Day time, between the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen and the Seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or at any time during the Space of Six Days after the Officer shall have first gauged and taken his Account of any such Malt, to enter and go into every House, Outhouse, Barn or other Place respectively, where any such Malt for or in respect of which any such Allowance shall be claimed shall be put, laid or deposited, and to take a true and particular Account, and ascertain the exact Quantity thereof^ by Gauge or Measurement, deduding from such Account Twelve per Cent. on Brown or Porter Malt and Five

Cent. on all other dry unground Malt for the Swell and Increase thereof, over the Quantity of such Malt charged with Duty; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall prevent or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise from entering or going into any such House, Outhouse, Barn or other Place, or from taking such Account, or ascertaining the Quantity of such Malt as aforesaid, or shall mix or lay under, with or amonjgft any such Malt any Barley, or undried, unfcreened or unclean Malt, or any unmalted Corn or Grain or other thing, with Intent to increase the Quantity or apparent Quantity of such dried unground Malt, or shall bring into or put or place with his, her or their Stock, any Malt which has been before taken an Account of under his Act or any Malt of or belonging to any Person not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller

or

749

Notice to Excise Officer of certain Particulars, and Malt put into such Form as to enable him to take Account thereof.

Notice in Writing.

Altering Postion of Malt.

Removing

Malt.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Brewers may make use of Malt on giving Notice, and Officer taking an Account thereof.

Obstruction Officer in after-taining exact Quantity of Mak.

Fraudulently in-creating the Quantity of Malt, 500L fcc.

75° C-43-

j6° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

[Penalty.]

Malt forfeited.

Commissioners may direct a further Examin ation of Malt contained in Granaries.

Malt in Operation not to be

or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or make use of or practise, or cause to be made use of or practised, any Art, Contrivance or Device whatever, whereby the Officer or Officers of Excise may be obstructed in gauging, taking an Account of or ascertaining the true Quantity of such dry unground Malt, or whereby His Majesty may be defrauded, or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers in the taking of such Account, and ascertaining the Quantity of any such dry unground Malt as aforesaid, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to such Officer or Officers given or granted by this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall likewise forfeit all Right and Title to any Allowance which he, she or they might otherwise have been entitled to under or by virtue of this Act; and all Malt which shall be found by any Officer of Excise in taking such Account as aforesaid, so mixed as aforesaid, or under, with or amongst which any Barley, or undried, unfereened or unclean Malt, or unmalted Corn or Grain, or other thing is found to be laid or placed with Intent to increase the Quantity or apparent Quantity of Malt dried and unground, or by which His Majesty may be defrauded, and all Malt which shall be brought in by any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Commou Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or put or placed with his, her or their Stock which has been before taken an Account of under this Act, or does not belong to some Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of .Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

V. And Whereas from the peculiar construction of certain Granaries in which large Quantites of Malt are deposited, it may be difficult for the Officers of Excise accurately to gauge the Malt contained therein; be it therefore enacted, That in each and every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required to direct a further Examination of the Malt contained in such Granaries, in order to ascertain and determine whether any and what further Allowance for Compression should in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be made to the Proprietors of such Malt; the Charge of such further Examination being always at the Expence of the Party desiring the fame: Provided always, that Notice in Writing, specifying the Quantity for which such Allowance shall be claimed, shall be given by such Party to the Officers of Excise at the time of Yuch Malt being gauged, and that no such Malt be removed or altered until the Determination of the said Commissioners therein be made and given; provided that no such Allowance shall be made when the Quantity of Malt contained in any such Granaries shall be less than Two thousand five hundred Bushels in the whole.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty imposed by the said Act shall not be paid or payable for or in respect of any Corn or Grain actually in Operation for the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltster or

charged with the Maker of Malt for Sale at the time when the Officer or Officers of Excise shall take an Account of the dry 43*0.3" c. 8l. ungroun<l Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, under or by virtue of this Act; provided every Part of such Corn or Grain which shall be actually dried, finished and made into Malt by such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, after such Officer or Officers shall have taken such Account as aforesaid, shall be kept separate and apart from all other Corn, Grain or Malt for the Space of Six Days after the Officer shall have first gauged and taken his Account of such Malt, and that it be produced to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, in order that he or they may take an Account and ascertain the true Quantity of such Corn or Grain whenever such Officer or Officers mall think fit so to do before the Expiration of such Six Days, and that no Allowance be claimed or made by virtue of this Act in respect thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer and Officers of Excise, or some or one of them who shall have finally taken such Account as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after such Account shall be finally taken and the Quantity of such Malt ascertained as aforesaid, give to every Maltster and Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, entitled to the Allowance for or in respect of such Malt, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate expressing the true Quantity of such Malt after such Deduction as aforesaid, and the Amount of the Allowance for such Malt, and specifying the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, and whether he, she or they is or are Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Sale, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Common Brewers, Distillers, Victuallers or Vinegar Makers respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, who within Twenty

Days next preceding the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall have occasion to ship or put on board any Ship, Barge or other Vessel, any Malt which hath been charged with the additional Duty imposed by the said Act for the Purpose of transporting or conveying the fame by Water from one Part of this Kingdom to another, shall give Forty eight Hours' Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise of his, her or their Intention to ship or put any such Malt on board any fufti Ship, Barge or other Vessel for the Purpose aforesaid, so that such Officer may attend and take an Account of such Malt, expressing in such Notice the Quantity of such Malt so intended to be shipped or put on board, and the Ship, Barge or other

Vessel in which the fame is intended to be shipped or put on board 5 and also the Name of the Matter or

other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, and likewise the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom and of the Place or Port to which such Malt is coa-signed, or where the fame is intended to be landed; then such Officer or Officers of Excise shall, and is and are hereby required, on being satisfied that the Malt specified in such Notice is really and truly shipped

Certificit* riven an<* Put on b°ar<l such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, to give, without Fee or Reward, a Transire or Cer-

without Fee. tificate, specifying the Quantity of Malt so shipped or put on board, the time when and the Place at

which the fame was so shipped or put on board, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Person or Persons from whom and of the Person or Persons to whom the fame is consigned, and the Place at which the fame

11 is

Certificate of Quantity of Malt and Amount of Allowance to be given to Maltster, Brewer, See.

Maltster before shipping Malt for one Port to another to give Notice to Officer, who shall give Certificate of Quantity to be produced at Port of Cun-fi^nment.

751

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 43.

is intended to be landed, and the Master or other Person haring or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, is hereby directed and required, within Twelve Hours (or (boner if demanded) after the Arrival of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel at the Port or other Place to which such Malt is consigned, or where the fame is intended to be landed, to deliver such Transire or Certificate to the proper Officer of Ex/: ife there.

IX. And be it farther enacted, That if any Ship, Barge or other Vessel having on board any such Malt for or in respect whereof any such Transire or Certificate shall have been granted, shall not arrive at the Port or Place to which such Malt shall be consigned, or where the fame is in such Transire or Certificate expressed to be intended to be landed, till after the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall have taken an Account of the dry unground Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of the Person or Persons respectively to whom such Malt is consigned, that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, upon due Notice from the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, and upon the Delivery of such Transire or Certificate as aforesaid, to attend, gauge or measure, and ascertain the exact Quantity of all such Malt, and thereupon such Officer or Officers of Excise shall with all convenient Speed, and without Fee or Reward, grant and give to the Person or Persons to whom such Malt shall be consigned a Certificate or Certificates, expressing the true Quantity of such Malt, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons entitled to the Allowance for or in respect of such Malt, and whether he, she or they is or are Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Sale, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Common Brewers, Distillers, Victuallers or Vinegar Makers, and the Amount of the Allowance for or in respect of such Malt: Provided always nevertheless, that in case any such Malt shall have been brought by Water from any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, into any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called England, and shall not have arrived at such last mentioned Port or Place till after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the additional Duty imposed by the said Act upon the bringing such Malt into such last mentioned Port or Place shall not be charged or payable, nor shall any greater Allowance be made or granted in respect thereof than is hereby directed to be made and granted for Malt made from Beer or Bigg only in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Provided also, that no such Certificate as last mentioned shall be delivered, unless the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, shall make Oath before some of the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for that Purpose, or before the proper Collector or Supervisor or Officer of Excise (which Oath the said Commissioners and the Person appointed by them, and the Collectors, Supervisors and Officers of Excise are respectively hereby authorized and empowered to administer), that such Malt is the fame Malt as is mentioned in the Transire or Certificate then produced, and that such Malt or any Part thereof has not been taken account of under this Act, and that no Allowance has been obtained or demanded for any Part of the fame by virtue of this Act: Provided also, that all such Malt which shall be so shipped, put on board, and transported as aforesaid, and which shall not arrive at the Place to which the fame is consigned, or where the fame is to be landed, till after the Officer or Officers of Excise shall have taken the Account and ascertained the Quantity of dry unground Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of the Consignee thereof, to whom such Malt shall be sent or delivered, and before the Expiration of Six Days after the same shall have been first taken as aforesaid, shall be kept separate and apart from all other Malt till the Expiration of such Six Days as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Malt which shall be shipped or put on board any Ship, Barge or other Vessel, according to the Directions of this Act, and for which such Transire or Certificate as aforesaid shall have been granted, shall be unftiipped and put on board any other Ship, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, or landed at any other Port or Place than that to which the same shall be consigned, or where the same is in such Transire or Certificate expressed to be intended to be landed, (except in case of Distress or other unavoidable Accident or Necessity, of which the Master or other person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, shall give immediate Notice to the nearest Officer of Excise, ) that then not only all the Malt which shall be so unftiipped or landed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers, of Excise, but the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, and also the Person or Persons concerned in the unshipping or landing of such Malt as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship, Barge or other Vessel in or on board of which ally Malt for which such Transire or Certificate as aforesaid shall have been granted, shall have been shipped, shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Transire or Certificate to the proper Officer of Excise within Twelve Hours (or sooner if demanded) after the Arrival of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, at the Port or Place to which such Malt shall be consigned, or where the fame is in such Transire or Certificate expressed to be intended to be landed, that then and m every such case, such Master-or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and no Allowance shall under this Act be made for such Malt.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate by this Act required or directed, or shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate, or shall fraudulently alter or erase, or cause to be fraudulently altered or erased, any Certificate granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, or shall make use of any Certificate kpowing the same to, be forged, counterfeited, false, untrue, altered or erased, every such Person or Persons shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

Regulations in case Vessel does not arrive at Port of Consignment till after Officer ha* taken an Account of Stock of Consignee.

Certificate without Fee.

Proviso as to Malt brought from Scotland.

Oath by Master that Malt the laine as mentioned in Certificate.

[Proviso.]

Malt kept

separate.

Malt landed at any other Place than at Port of Consignment forfeited. Persons concerned therein

Penalty. Certificate delivered up within a certain time after Arrival of Ship.

Penalty.

Counterfeiting

Certificate.

[Penalty.]

75* C. 43.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

On Production of Certificates for Allowance to Commission-en, and making Oath to certain Particulars, Payment made.

Oath.

Payment of Money mentioned in Certificate.

Money pud out of Consolidated Duties to be replaced.

XIII. And be it farther eroded, That any such Certificate given by any Officer or Officers of Excise, for any Allowance to be made or granted by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, being produced by such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the Person appointed by them or the major Part of them to receive the same, for such Malt as shall be finally taken an Account of, under or by virtue of this Act, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or to the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which any such Certificate shall be granted for such Malt as shall be finally taken an Account of, under and by virtue of this Act, out of the said Limits, at any time after the Expiration of Four Months, and before the Expiration of Six Months from the time of the granting thereof, and Oath having been made by such Maltster and Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, before any of the said Commissioners of Excise, or the Person appointed by the said Commissioners of ExcHe or the major Part of them for that Purpose, or before the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which such Malt shall have been taken an Account of, and the Quantity thereof ascertained according to the Directions of this Act, (which Oath the said Commissioners and the Person appointed by them, and the several Collectors of Excise, are respectively hereby authorized and empowered to adrainifter, ) that he, she or they believes or believe that the proper Duties have been paid or charged for in respect of the whole Quantity of the Malt specified in such Certificate, and that the said Malt or any Part thereof hath not been taken an Account of for the Purpose of obtaining the Allowance granted by this Act, in any Place or Places save and except in the Stock, Custody or Pofiemon of the Person or Persons making the said Oath, and claiming the Allowance for or in respect of such Malt, and that the said Malt was the sole Property of the said Person or Persons, or was held by him, her or them, as the Property of, for the Use of some other Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, and that all the Malt which was actually in Operation at the time when the Officer or Officers of Excise took an Account of the dry unground Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, and which in order to exempt the fame from the said Duty imposed by the said Act is by this Act required to be kept Separate and apart from all other Corn, Grain or Malt, hath been so kept, the Said Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them, or such Collector as aforesaid, being Satisfied of the Truth of such Oath, shall forthwith, out of the Money in their Hands respectively on Account of the said additional Duties, if they respectively shall have sufficient Money on such Account, pay to the Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or to his, her or their Agent or Agents, entitled to the fame, the Sum of Money specified in such Certificate, and if the said Commissioners or Collectors respectively shall net have sufficient Money on such Account in their respective Hands for the Purpose aforesaid, the said Commissioners or Collectors respectively shall pay the said Allowance out of any Money in their respective Hands arising from the Consolidated Duties of Excite.

XIV. Provided always, ana be it further enacted, That whatever Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid as aforesaid, out of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, shall be replaced to such Consolidated Duties out of the first Monies that shall arise and be received from and on account of any of the additional Duties of Excise, granted and imposed by the said Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and continued by several other Acts, and lastly by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed to every Common Brewer or Victualler the additional Duties of Excise upon Malt by the said Act first herein recited imposed, by him, her or them Str Beer be used and consumed after the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before

tween the Zth*the Filth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in the making or brewing of Strong Beer, April and 5th not exceeding the following Proportions; that is to say,

July allowed. For every Four Barrels of such Strong Beer called Porter, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Beer Allow- Brewer or Victualler, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and

snee*. be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings:

Ana for every Three Barrels of such Strong Beer called Ale, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Victualler, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings:

And to every Common Brewer or Victualler for every Four Barrels of such Strong B*er called Porter, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Bariev, or any other Corn or Grain except Beer or Bigg, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April 2nd the Filth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings;

And for every Four Barrels of such Strong Beer called Porter, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Bailey or any other Corn or Grain therewith, and which shall be by him, her or them produced tO 'the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day

Dow on Malt contained in making of '

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 43. 753

of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the Sum of Ten Shillings and Eight pence:

And for every Three Barrels of such Strong Beer called Ale, which shall be made or brewed by such .Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Barley, or any other Corn or Grain except from Beer or Bigg, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings:

And for every Three Barrels of such Strong Beer called Ale, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Barley or any other Corn or Grain therewith, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum cu Ten Shillings and Eight pence.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no such Allowances shall be claimed, made No Allowances

or allowed in respect of any such Beer which shall be, before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight for Boer ex-hundred and sixteen, shipped for Exportation or exported upon Drawback, or in respect of more Beer than before the Quantity of Strong Beer of found Quality and fit for Consumption, which shall, on the said Fifth Day of more than* July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, be found by the proper Officer in the Stock, Custody or Quantity found .Possession of the Common Brewer or Victualler claiming such Allowance. m Stock on that

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several respective Allowances upon Malt actually used and *7-

consumed by any Common Brewer or Victualler after the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred Allowance* set and sixteen, and before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in the making or brewing 2?0111 of M of Beer not exceeding the Proportions aforesaid by this Act given to Common Brewers and Victuallers, shall from time to time be let off and allowed out of the Monies payable by such Common Brewers or Victuallers ' respectively, for the Duties charged on the Beer by him, her or them respectively made or brewed; Proof

being first made by such Common Brewer or Victualler respectively, by Oath (wmch Oath the said Commit- Oath, doners, or any of them, or the said several Collectors of Excise, are hereby required and empowered to administer, ) of the full and entire Quantity of Malt which he, she or they has or have respectively actually used and consumed in the making or brewing of such Beer, between the said Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and that no such Beer has been shipped for Exportation or exported on Drawback; and such Allowances shall be made ait the time when such Duties are by him, her or them respectively paid; which said Allowances so to be made and set off as aforesaid, the respective Commissioners of Excise are hereby authorized to make and allow accordingly.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That whatever Sum or Sums of Money should Money foil-be so allowed or set off as aforesaid, to any such Common Brewer or Victualler, shall be replaced to the ^owe<* wpbead. Duties on Beer out of the First Monies that shall arise m and be received from and upon Account of the additional Duties on Malt by the Act herein first recited imposed, in Preference to all other Payments whatever.

XIX. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- 43 G. 3. c. 81. v 4 tituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive I 4 Treaty of Peace9 certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, it was enacted, that during the Continuance of the said Act, all Beer and Afe above the Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties) should be denominated, deemed and taken to be Strong Beer or Ale, and all Beer of the Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel or under (exclusive of Duties) should be denominated, deemed and taken to be Table Beer, within the Meaning 01 an Act of Parliament made in the Forty second Year 4*0.3. c. 38.

4 of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported into Great Britain, on Malt made in Great Britain, on Hops grown in or imported into Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise, on Beer, Ale and Malty and the said Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, and of all other Acts of Parliament in force relating to Beer or Ale: And Whereas several of the additional Duties granted by the said Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, which would have expired at a certain limited Time after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, had not the fame been continued, were by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and were and are by another Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, further continued, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and by another Act made in the present Session of Parliament are continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one,

save and except the Duties on Malt made in England and Scotland, or brought from Scotland into Englandf granted by the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas by the Continuance as aforesaid of the said several Duties, save and except the said Duties on Malt as last aforesaid, the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, lo far as relates to such continued Duties, has been and is thereby also continued until and upon the said. Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; but Doubts may arise whether the Provision hereinbefore recited be by reason thereof also continued, notwithstanding the said Duties on Malt will cease and expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteenNow, for the Prevention and Removal of such 56 Geo. III. 5 D Doubts,

754

Provision in 43 G. 3. c. 81. §13. respe£iing Price of Strong Beer and Table Beer, made to cease.

Penalties how levied and applied.

Fortner A£U relating to the Excise in force, extended to Act.

Taking false

Oath.

Perjury.

Act may be altered, &c.

Duties to cease.

New Duties.

Drawback.

Dealers may add

Duty to Con-t rafts.

0*43)44* 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Doubts, be it declared and enacted, That the said recked Provision in the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty does and shall wholly cease and expire with the said Duties am Malt on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall be no longer of any Force Or Effect; any thing in any other Act or Acts in the present or any former Session of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed or created by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which, in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intkuled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite9 and by Knights' Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and establdhed, shall be practised, used and put m Execution, in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a faMe Oath in any of the cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to repeal the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise, on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland; and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

[31st May 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise, now payable in respect of Hard Soap made in Great Britain, and of Irish Hard Soap imported from Ireland into Great Britain, should be repealed, and that other Duties should be imposed, and other Allowances and Drawbacks granted in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and Angular the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Exqife, now payable by Law in respect of Hard Soap made in Great Britain, and of Irish Hard Soap imported from Ireland into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and instead of the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; (that is to say). For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap or Ball Soap, which shall be made in Great Britainf to be paid by the Maker thereof, Three pence 5 for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hard Cake or Ball Soap, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer thereof, Three pence: And that the following Allowances shall be made; (that is to say), for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap or Ball Soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain, in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Kerseys, Bays, Stockings or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lambs' Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the (ini(hing of the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the fame. Two pence Farthing; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap or Ball Soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece for Sale, Two pence; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Soap, made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain, in preparing and fioiflung any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton for Sale (except such as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale thereof) One Penny halfpenny: And that a Drawback of the whole of the rer spective Duties shall be paid for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Soap made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

III. And Whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been made before the passing of this Act, by Dealers in Hard Cake or Ball Soap, upon which Duties are by this Act imposed for such Hard Cake or Ball Soap respectively, to be delivered after the passing of this Act 5' Be it therefore enacted, That such Dealers delivering such Hard Cake or Ball Soap, made after the passing of this Act, in pursuance of such

16 Contracts

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII m.

C-.45- 7S5

Contracts or Agreements, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Hard Cake or Ball Soap respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the lame accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall he under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall he under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed and paid, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise respectively hereby repealed were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed and paid 5 and the said Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties imposed, or entitled to the said Allowance or Drawbacks respectively granted by this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, were generally or specially subject and liable by aay Act or Acts of Parliament in farce on and immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, were or might be subject and liable; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the paifiitg of this Act, and for securing the Revenue of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excise, Allowances and Drawbacks respectively hereby charged, imposed and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, CJaufea, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fine* Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act»

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, C loathing

Duties under Management of Commissioners of Eicife.

Duties bow levied.

Former Acts in force applied t#

a a.

Dudes carried to Consolidated Fond.

Act may be altered, Ice.

t therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry; City or Place in Scotland, where the Local MiHtia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Local Militia, in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned j (that is to fey). For the Pay of the said Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed, and required to be resident at Head Quarters; and at the Rate of Five Slullings a Day for each Quartermaster, required to be resident at Head Quarters, where the Establishment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he is appointed shall not be less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men 5 and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to such Quartermaster, where the Establishment shall be under that Number; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence a Day for each Serjeant required to be resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major in appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for every Corporal retained by Order of His Majesty, and so required to be resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so required to be resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; Provided always, that when any such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall during such Absence receive Pay at the following Rate* instead of those above mentioned; (that is to fey), Every Serjeant the Sum of of One Shilling per Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day respectively, and bo more; And also for the Clashing of the Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Pboe, at the Rate of Four Pound* Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major, Three Pound; Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant, Two Pounds One Shilling a#d Tea peace for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds Five Sliiliings and Two Pence for each Drummer, and Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Man, together with the actual Expence of Package and

5 D % Carriage,

Secretary at War to issue Money required for Pay of Local Militia.

Rates of Pay.

[Proviso.]

Rates of Pay when a blent on Furlough. Cloathing.

756 C-4J.

S6° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18l&

Contingent

Expences.

Non Commis-Coned Officer* and Drummers subject to Provisioni of S % G. 3. c. 116.68.

Allowance to Surgeon.

Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Cloathing as shall have been notified by the Secretary at War; and that such Sextant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at the Head Quarters, shall be cloathed once in Two Years; and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local Militia, beyond the regular E (labKfoment of the permanent Staff thereof, as may be serving on Reduced Pay, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new Cloathing when their present Cloathing shall have been actually and necessarily worn for two Years s And alfe at the Rate of Three pence per Man per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for de-firaying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Period during which the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall have a Staff retained on permanent Pay at its Head Quarters.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of Local Militia serving upon permanent Pay, shall be subject to the Provisions of Two Acts made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England and Scotland respect-lvcly, in as far as relates to the Allowance for Necessanes, although they may have been enrolled previous to the passing of the said Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, in Addition to his Pay, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence per Week for every Hundred Rank and File assembled for Training, for the Expence of the necessary Medicines for the Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men so assembled, and an Allowance of Sixpeoce per Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on Constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not assembled for Training.

Quartermaster,

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Quartermaster of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Cha^e'o^Artn* having a Staff retained on permanent Pay at its Head Quarters, or in his Absence the Adjutant,

and Cloathing, have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing or Necessaries and other Stores* and to issue Mo- under the Superintendance of the Colonel or Commandant, and shall, out of the Money hereby directed to be ney necessary issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time issue out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, or other usual incidental Expences, upon an Order in Writing fiened by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, he shall three times in the Year make up Acounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, and of the Balance remaining in his Hands; which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall transmit the said Account to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Coros, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quartermaster for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Local Militia when assembled for Traiuing shall be entitled to the fame Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall only extend to such Period or Periods for which the said Local Militia shall be called out for the Purpose of Annual Exercise or Training, or for suppressing Riots or Tumults, with the Addition of the Days of arriving at and Departure from and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exercise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences for the Local Militia as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as he may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that Behalf.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man in the Local Militia entitled to receive any Chelsea Pension or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Local Militia.

VIII. And Whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants in the Local Militia may by Age or Infirra- ity be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Prorifion should be made for them in Consideration of their former Service; Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant who shall vice to receive ^ave ^erve<l faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full an Allowance of Term of Thirty Years in the whole, Fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Regular or Lo-6*. per Day. cal Militia, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall on producing to the Quartermaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, together with an Order from the Secretary at War, be entitled to receive, and the Quartermaster aforesaid shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate and Order as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, For HMf Pay. Civil or Military, under His Majesty: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

for Repair* on an Order signed by Colonel

Balance to form a Stock Purse

Local Militia entitled to Pay during Annual Exercise, &c.

Money for Pay, ' Ac. issued under pire&ion of Secretary at War.

Proviso for Right to Chelsea Petitions

Adjutants after a Service of 30 Years and unfit for further Ser-

Proviso as to Persons holding Offices.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 45.

IX. And be it further enacted, that in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine, or he reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has a dually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or from the tiifie such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: Provided always, that no such Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as last aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; but no such Person shall lode any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

X. And be it further enacted, That whensoever the permanent Staff of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be entirely reduced, and the Adjutant released from Residence and Duty at Head Quarters, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to place such Adjutant upon the reduced Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem9 although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Adjutant belongs, shall not have ceased and determined: Provided always, that whenever such Adjutant shall be required to return to Head Quarters to perform Military Duty, he shall again be entitled to the Daily Pay of Eight Shillings as aforesaid; and provided also that no such Adjutant shall be entitled to receive such reduced Allowance who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; but no such Adjutant shall lose any Right which he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such reduced Allowance, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding or Place in England where the Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place respeditfely, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland where the Local Militia is or Audi be Tailed, the Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay the whole Sums required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings m England, at the Rates following; (that is to say), to the Clerk of the General Meetings at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting, and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and such further Allowance shall be made to such respective General and Subdivision Clerks for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Local Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Person that shall have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot, after the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and also for the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationary used for the Purpose of this Act, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities or Places shall appear reasonable and proper; and in case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid shall be confirmed at a General Meeting confiding of not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General in England shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance at the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from His Majesty^ Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings, and shall also pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders, specifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places and for what Purpose or Purposes the said General and Subdivision Meeting or Meetings, have been assembled and held, together with the Clerks Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so claimed, shall be to the Receivers General in England respectively a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts 5 and that the several Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act in Scotland shall be paid and defrayed in the same Manner in which Schoolmasters, Constables and other Persons employed in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to raise and establisj a Militia Force in Scotland, are directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agent General of Volunteers 'and Local Militia, and he is hereby required, to repay any Sum of Money which may have been paid for the Stamp Duty on any Commission of any Officer in the Local Militia, under such Regulations and in such Manner as the Secretary at War shall appoint.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia under this Act, may or shall be drawn upon unllamped Paper, and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written on undamped Paper.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant, or Sum of Money, which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

757

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4t per Day.

Proviso as to Persons holding Offices.

Adjutants when released from Duty at Head Quarters to be placed on the reduced Allowance of 4s. per Day.

Proviso for Half Pay.

Receiver General of Land Tax, Sec. to pay Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivi Con Meetings. Rates of Allowance.

How Payment of such Allowances to Clerks made.

At 0.3. c. 91.

Stamp Duty on

Commissiona

repaid.

Bills drawn for Pay, &c. may be on unstamped Paper.

No Fee taken.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 46.

0.3. c. 8a.

t3 G. 3. c. 8a.

AS G. 3. c. 61.

44 G. 3. c. 8a

5a G. 3. c. 7.

510.3. c. 8.

Certain Sums heretofore paid to a Part of the Royal Family out of the Civil List to he hereafter payable out of Cunfoli-dated Fund.

Allowances to the Royal Family to be paid at the Exchequer without Fee or Reward.

Clear of Taxes. Sums appropriated to Payment

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List. [[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contraSed upon His Civil List Revenues, and for Preventing the fame from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues; and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List: And Whereas an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of the Exchequer: And Whereas an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authori % e the Lord Steward of the Household, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances: And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Support of His Majesty7 s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom, and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum for defraying the Expenses incident to the Assumption of the Personal Exercise oft the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty; And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and for enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Majesty's Indisposition; and for the Care of His Majesty's Real and Personal Property / and to amend an Act of the left Session of Parliament, to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's Illness: And Whereas the ordinary Revenues of the Civil List have for many Years past been found inadequate to defray the Charges thereon, and the Deficiency has been made good by the Application of the Funds arising from the Droits of the Crown, or other Extraordinary Relourees, or by special Grants of Parliament: And Whereas it is highly expedient that the ordinary Revenues of His Majesty's Civil List Should be made adequate to the ordinary Charges thereon, and that several of the Charges which have heretofore been borne upon the Civil List Revenues Should m future be made a Charge upon and be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, or otherwise provided for; and it is also expedient that distinct and separate Appropriations Should be made of certain Proportions of the, Civil List Revenues, for the Payment ot certain Charges comprised in the several Classes of the Civil List, and that further and more effectual Provision Should be made for the Regulation and Controul of the Expenditure thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with die Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Payment of the several Allowances and Sums of Twelve thousand Pounds to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, of Two thousand five hundred Pounds to His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Clarence, and of Four thousand Pounds to each of Their Royal Highnesses the Princess Angufta Sophia, the Princess Elizabeth, the Princess Mary, and the Princess Sophia, heretofore grapted by His Majesty, and charged upon the Civil List Revenues, shall cease and determine, and such Allowances and Sums of Money shall he no longer payable or paid out of the said Revenues 5 but from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the said several Allowances and Sums of Money respectively shall be charged and chargeable upon and issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, during the Joint Lives of His Majesty and Their said Royal Highnesses respectively, as to each of their said respective Allowances and Sums aforesaid.

JI. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Allowances, Sums of Money and Annuities as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, sifter paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any Act or Acts <5 Parliament made and passed before the passing of this Act, and with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any tiipe after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund, and ftiaU be pajd and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Fund, and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said respective Sums, as the lame shall, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; and the respective Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of Their said Royal Highnesses respectively, as to each of the said Allowances, Sums of Money or Annuities aforesaid, or of such other Person or Persons as shall be by them respectively duly authorized and appointed to receive their respective Allowances, Sums of Money or Annuities as afpre-&id, or any Part thereof, shall be good and sufficient Discharges for the Payment thereof respectively; and She said Debentures to be made forth and passed for carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Act shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said respective Sums of Money, without any further pr other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said respective Sums of Money so to be paid, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever.

III. And Whereas an Effimate has been laid before Parliament of the future Annual Charges of the 4 fpYeral Classes of His Majesty's Civil Lilt, the Amount of which, for each Class respectively, it specified in

the

A.D. 1816; 56° GEORGII III. C. 46.

the Schedule to this A A annexed; and it is expedient, for ensuring the regular Payment of the said Charges,

arising in each Class respectively, that Appropriations should be made out of the Civil List Revenues, in the manner herein after directed Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treafunr for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, at the Commencement of every Quarter, or within a Period not exceeding Thirty Days from the Commencement of each Quarter, by Warrant under their Hand*, to direct what Sums shall respectively be set apart and appropriated, in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of the Quarterly Revenues of the Civil List, for the Purpose of defraying the several Charges upon the respective Classes thereof; but so as that the Sum to be appropriated to the Sixth Class do not exceed One fourth Part of the estimated annual Amount of that Class, as specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and so that the Snms to be appropriated to the other of the Classes in any One Quarter be equal to One fourth Part of the estimated Amount of such Class, together with any Saving which may have accrued upon the said Class in the preceding Quarter; and the several and respective Sums, in the said Warrant directed to be set apart and appropriated, shall be so set apart by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majestcy's Exchequer, and he appropriated to the respective Classes accordingly; and each and every Sum so set apart and appro-printed, shall in the First Instance he applied in the Payment of all the unsatisfied Charges of every Description of the Class in respect of which such Appropriation shall have been made, in Preference to any other Charges whatever upon His Majesty's Civil List Revenues; and no Part thereof shall on any Account whatever be applied for any other Purpose, or in Aid of any other of the Classes of the Civil List, or of any other of the Charges thereon, except in the manner herein after provided; any thing contained in the said recited Act of the Twenty second Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; hat in case the actual Charge of any Class or Classes of the Civil List shall exceed the Sum which may have been appropriated thereto, then such Exceeding shall and may he issued out of any Money io the Exchequer arising from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, which may not have been appropriated to any particular Class or Claffe8 of the Civil List.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Saving or Surplus shall arise in any Quarter, in respect of any Money appropriated for defraying the Charges of any particular Class, so as that the Sum appropriated thereto shall he more than sufficient for the full and complete Payment of the Charges thereon, such Quarterly Saving or Surplus shall in every such case be carried forward in the Exchequer to the Account and Credit, and he applied for the Purposes of the Class.in which it shall have arisen, until the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and in case such Saving or Surplus remaining at that time shall have arisen in the Third Class, then it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, to direct the same to be carried to the Account of the said Consolidated Fund; hut hi case and whenever any such Saving or Surplus remaining at the End of the Year (hpll have arisen in any other of the Classes of the Civil List, then it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to diredk the same to be applied in Aid of the Charges or Expences of any other Class, or of any other Charge or Charges upon His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, in such manner as may under the Circumstances appear to he most expedient.

V. And Whereas it is expedient that the Income as well as the Charge of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues should, as far as may he practicable, consist of such Sums as are fixed and certain m their Amount, and

that so much of the said recited Act of the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as ena&s, that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct the Surplus of the Fees and Gratuities, specified in the said Act, to be earned to the Account of the Monies applicable to the Use of His Majesty's Civil Government and to the Sinking Fund, in the Proportions in the said Act specified, should therefore be repealed; Be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as is above recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be applied to the Civil List Revenues, out of the Surplus of such Fees and Gratuities, the Sum of Forty eight thousand Pounds per Annum, by even and equal Quarterly Payments; and the Remainder of such Surplus shall go and be carried to the said Consolidated Fund.

VI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to direct that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pensions and Allowances yJball 4 be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pen* 4 Jtons and Allowances, it is provided, that when any Deficiency of the Fee Fund should be found in the Offices of the Principal Secretary of State, of the Council and of the Treasury, the fame should he made good out of the Civil List: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Provision should he repealed, and that any Deficiency of the Fee Fund which may arise in any of those Offices should not hereafter he made good out of the Civil List, or he considered as forming any Part of the ordinary Charges thereof, but should be made good out of such other Funds as may he provided by Parliament; Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act as is above recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, the Deficiency of Fees which may be found in any of the said Offices shall npt be considered as forming any Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List, hut that the same shall be made good out of any Funds which may he granted by Parliament to discharge such Expences, of a Civil nature, at do not form a Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

VII. And Whereas it may frequently happen that Pensions, Fees and Salaries may be dirededto be paid at the Exchequer, in Cases where the Parties entitled to such Pensiont, Fees and Salaries, may have died previously to the Day up to which such Payments may have been durc&ed, by which the Money becomes appro-

printed

759

of respective Classes of Civil List, and to be applied in the I; irlt Instance in Payment thereof in Preference to all other Payments.

Treasury may direct Savings in any Class to be applied at the End of the Year, in Aid of the other Classes.

Application of Exchequer Fees repealed, and n fixed Sum carried to Civil List Revenue, and Remainder to Consolidated Fund.

50 G. 3. c. 117. §9-

repealed.

Treasury to direct Officers of Exchequer to pay to Peifooa

760 C. 46.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181

named in any Warrant, any Pension, Fee or Salary which did

priated in the Hands of the proper Officers of the Exchequer, and cannot be applied to any Purposes what-« ever without the Authority of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that Authority should be given to

the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of tLem for

ion to whom fame was directed to be

Treasury may appoint an Officer to audit Civil List Ac-

Salary which did not become due or could not be paid in consequence of the

was directed to be paid, to pay the said Sum to any other Person or Persons, for the Purpose of the fame being

again paid into the Exchequer, and applied, if anting upon the Third Class of the Civil List, to the Account 1 of the Consolidated Fund, and if anting in any other of the Classes of the Civil List, to the Account of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues/ Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time, by Warrant under their Hand or Hands, to diredfc the proper Officers of the Exchequer to pay to any Person or Persons who may be named in the said Warrant, any Sum or Sums which may have been directed to be paid to any Person or Persons for any Pension, Fee or Salary, but which did not become due or could not be paid in consequence of the Death of the Person or Persons to whom the fame was directed to be paid before the Day up to which such such Pension, Fee or Salary, may have been directed to be paid; and the Sum or Sums which may be received under such Warrant or Warrants shall be repaid into the Exchequer, and applied, if anting upon the Third Class of the Civil List, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund, and if anting in any of the other Gaffes of the Civil List, to the Account of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues.

VIII. And Whereas it would essentially contribute to the Exercise of a due Economy in the different

Branches of the Royal Household, by establishing a more effectual Superintendence over that Part of the r Civil List which belongs to the Departments of the Lord Chamberlain, the Lord Steward, and the Maftet of the Horse, if an Officer were appointed specially for the Purpose of examining and auditing the Bills,

Expences and Accounts of those Departments respectively5' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commimoners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, to appoint a proper Person, who shall be em-

wuui» powered and required to examine and aumt all the Tradesmen's Bills, and the Accounts and Expences incurred

wum». or^incurred in the Departments of the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward, and Mailer of the Horse, and

to examine into all the Expenditure within those Departments during its Progress, and to report thereon to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, so that the fame may be, as far as may be practicable, in conformity to the previous Estimates thereof, as fan&iooed and approved by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them 5 and the said Officer in the Execution of the said Duty shall obey such Orders and Directions as he shall from time to time receive from the Lord High Treasurer, or Commimoners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them; and it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of v them, to grant to such Officer, out of the Civil List Revenues, such Salary as His Majesty may think fit, not ex-Such Officer not ceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum; and the said Officer, during the holding of the said Office to fit in Pazlia- shall and he jg hereby declared to be incapable of being elected into or of fitting and voting in Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby reauired, as soon as conveniently may De after the passing of this Act, to prepare a full and complete Code or Instructions for the Guidance of the Condu6l of such Auditor in the Execution of his Duties as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to alter and change such Code of Inilructions, or to issue any additional instructions for the Conduct of the said Officer, in such manner as the Good of His Majesty's Service may from time to time appear to them to require 5 and such Officer for the time being shall in all cases in the Execution of his Office govern himself in the Performance of his Duties therein by mch Instructions, in like manner in every respect as if the fame had been inserted and made Part of this Act.

X. And Whereas it may be necessary that the said Officer, in the Execution of the Duty to be reposed in

Officer may him, should be empowered to examine Persons upon Oath; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and

summon Per- may be lawful for the said Officer, by and with the Consent and Authority, in each particular case, of the

fons, and require Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to be signified by One of the Se-»nd Vouchers"1* cretar*e8 ^e Treasury, to call before him any of the Officers or Persons holding any Offices, Situations or and examine*Places under the Lord Chamberlain, or under the Lord Steward, or under the Master of the Horse, and also

upon Oath. any Persons not belonging to any or either of the said Departments, who may have supplied or furnished, or

teen concerned or employed in the supplying or furnishing any Articles, Matters and Things in or for the Use of either of the said Departments respectively, or who may be able, in the Judgment of the said Officer, togive any Information relating thereto, and to examine any such Person or Persons as aforesaid upon Oath, or Affirmation (if Quakers), which Oath or Affimation such Officer is hereby authorized to administer, as to any such Accounts, Expences or Charges, or any Matters or Things relating thereto, or as to any such Articles or Things so supplied or furnished as aforesaid, or touching and concerning any Matter or Thing necessary for the full, ftri6t, and accurate Examination and Audit of any such Accounts or*Expences or Charges; and in case of the Failure by any Person to comply with any such the lawful Requisition of the said Officer, every such Person so refuting, it an Officer or Servant or Tradesman employed in any of the said Departments, shall be dismissed from his Situation or Employment, and be incapable of oeing again employed 98 such Officer, Servant

wnt.

Treasury to prepare Instructions for Guidance of such Officer.

Affirmation of Quakers.

Servants, Tradesmen, &c. offending dismissed, &c.

19

or

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 46, 47, 48. 761

or Tradesman in the Service of His Majesty; and every such Person shall also be liable to the Payment of such Fine.

Fine to His Majesty as the Court of Exchequer, on Application made to the said Court by the said Officer, or by His Majesty's Attorney General, shall think fit to set and impose, which Fine the said Court is hereby authorized and empowered to set and impose accordingly.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person in the Course of any Examination upon Oath 8l, riaf

or Affirmation before any such Auditor under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly rive tcfOTe AwSha'. false Evidence, such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to Perjury.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer so to be appointed shall, after he has duly examined Officer, after

such Accounts and Vouchers as aforesaid, make up a State or States thereof, in such Manner and Form as E^ination, t# shall be required by his Instructions in that Behalf, and deliver the same to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being; and the said Lord High Treasurer, or the inftniftions. Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized, Treasury may if they shall see fit, to dire A any further Examination of the said Account, or to allow the fame in case remit for further they shall be fadsfied therewith; and such Allowance, and a Warrant under His Majesty's Sign Manual*

issued in pursuance of such Allowance, shall be a full and final Discharge for and upon any such Account, mtj&c^to be*« to all Intents and Purposes, without any further or other Audit, Account, Allowance or Discharge whatever; final Discharge. any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the total Charge upon the Civ3 Lift, from the Fifth Exceeding*, Ptr-Day of January in any one Year to the Fifth Day of January in the focceeding Year, shall amount to more than One million one hundred thousand Pounds, an Account stating the Particulars of such Exceeding, and theorcr Cause thereof, shall be submitted to Parliament within Thirty Days after the same shall have been ascertained, if Parliament shall be then fitung; but if Parliament shall not be then fitdng, then the said Account shall be presented within Thirty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

The SCHEDULE to whicW$5s Act refers.

ESTIMATE of the probable future Annual Charge on the Civil List.

1 ft CLASS - - Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family

2d CLASS - - Allowances to the Lord Chancellor, Judges, &c.

3d CLASS - - Allowances to Foreign Ministers; including Pensions to Foreign Mi-

nifters, and Salaries to Consuls Bills of His Majesty's Tradesmen -

Salaries to the Department of the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward, Master of the rforfe, Maflb?r of the Robes, and Surveyor General of Works; including Compensation and Superannuation Allowances payable within those Departments

Pensions limited by Ad 22 Geo. III. cap. 82.

Salaries and Allowances to certain Officers and Persons

Salaries to the Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Occasional Payments, not coraprifed in any of the foregoing Classes

4th CLASS 5th CLASS

6th CLASS 7th CLASS 8th CLASS

298.000

32*955

226, 950

209.000

140, 700

95.000

13, 822

26.000

1*083, 727

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[20th June 1816.]

44 IRISH Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear Interest, §1. Bills issued not to exceed 44 1, 200, 00oL j 2. Banks of Ireland or England may advance 1, 200, 0001. on Credit of Ad, §6.

[In all other respeSs except Dates this Act is the same as Cap. 41. ante,]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cacti by the Bank of Ireland.

[20th June 1816.]

IRISH Ad, 37 G.3. c^ci. continued by 43 G. 3. c. 44. Both the recited Acts shall have Continuance until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after any Restriction imposed or to be imposed by any Ad made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from issuing Cafii in Payments shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief " Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland shall, by an Order in Council, direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall sooner cease.

56 Geo. III. 5 E CAP.

762 C. 49.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Extra Parochial and other Places, though not deemed rateable to the Relief of the Poor, subject to be rated to the County Rate.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the more eafjr assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates.

[20th June 18id.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled I x« An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing9

collecting and levying of County Rates: And Whereas, by the find recited Act, the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings or Divisions of Counties, Cities, Towns or other Places, having Com-/ millions of the Peace within themselves, in that Part of Great Britain called England % are authorized and empowered to assess and tax, for the Purposes of the said Act, every Parish, Township and other Place,

whether Parochial or Extra Parochial, within the respective Limits of their Commissions, according to a 1 certain Pound Rate of the full and fair annual Value of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments rateable to the Relief of the Poor therein; and Doubts having arisen under the said Act, whether any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, situate within any Extra Parochial or other Place

where no Rate for Relief of the Poor is made and collected, could be made subject to the County Rate to

be raised under the said Act, and it is expedient that such Doubts Should be removed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate, lying or being in any Extra Parochial Place or other Places, whether rated to the Relief of the Poor or not so rated, although the fame may not be deemed rateable to the Relief of the Poor within such Extra Parochial Places, or other Places where no Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be subject to be assessed, taxed and rated, by and under the Order, Direction and Authority of Justices of the Peace, in such and the same manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, within any Parishes or Places where a Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor; and the Justices of the Peace shall in all cases, where the fame may be necessary, appoint proper Persons within such Extra Parochial or other Places, as directed in and by the fiud recited Act, for the assessing, taxing and rating such Extra Parochial Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and levying, collecting and paying over such Assessments, Taxes or Rates, under the Provisions of the said recited Act.

II. And Whereas Doubts have arisen and may arise, touching the Boundaries of Counties, Riding3 and Divisions and Parts of Counties, and other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, and touching the Jurisdictions of Justices of the Peace in relation thereto, under the Provisions of the said recited Act; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that Boundaries should be ascertained in all such cases, for the Purposes of carrying the said recited Act into Execution Be it therefore enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of Counties and Ridings, and Divisions and Parts of Counties, and other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, in that Part of Great Britain called England, assembled at their several and respective General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall be and they are hereby authorized and required, in any case in which any Question or Doubt does or shall exist, or shall have arisen, or may in the Judgment of the said Justices be likely to arise, as concerning any Boundary between any Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of any County, brother Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, for which they respectively aft as such Justices, to nominate and appoint Two Justices of the Peace of each such County, Riding, Division or Parts of any County, or other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, between which the Boundary is required to be ascertained, for the Purpose of fixing and determining such Boundary, and the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks and other proper Officer of the several and respective General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace at which such Justices shall be appointed, shall forthwith give Notice to each other, and to such Justices of such Appointment 5 and the Justices so appointed shall in every such case, as soon as may be after their Appointment, meet and proceed to ascertain the Boundary, upon such Evidence as can be obtained by them, or as they shall deem necessary for that Purpose, either by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Justices is hereby empowered to administcrj or of any Maps, Plans, Surveys or any other Records or Documents, or in such other manner as they the said Justices so appointed shall think requisite 5 and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or for any Persons authorized under the Hand of any Three or more of such Justices, to enter upon any Lands, Grounds or Premises, for the Purpose of examining the fame, or making any Measurement, Maps or Plans thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices to summon any Witnesses to be examined in that Behalf, and to impose any Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Ten Pounds upon any Witness who shall, without reasonable Ex-cufe, refuse or neglect to attend to be examined upon any such Summons, which Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act; and such Justices shall thereupon fix, ascertain and determine the Boundary so referred to them to be ascertained, and shall cause the Boundary so fixed and determined to be laid down on Two Maps or Plans, to be signed by the said Justices so appointed as aforesaid, which shall be deposited with the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks or other proper Officer, for the Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of Counties, or other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, between which such Boundary shall be so fixed and determined, and which Maps and Plans shall be kept amongst the Records of their respective Sessions, and shall be What decreed received as Evidence of such Boundaries; and such Boundaries, so fixed and determined, shall be and be

Boundaries. deemed the Boundaries between the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of Counties, or other

Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, for which the same shall have been so ascertained, for all the Purposes

Justices in General or Quarter Sessions, to appoint Justices to fix and determine Boundaries, between Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of Counties and other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction.

Justices, kc. may enter Lands, summon Witnesses, ice.

Impose Penalties.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 49.

poses of this and of the said recited Act, and the carrying the Provisions thereof respectively into Execution; any thing contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to such Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of such Counties, or other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Four Justicea so appointed as aforesaid, or who shall be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them respectively veiled, die, decline or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, the Justices of the Peace of Counties, Ridings, Divisions and Parts of Counties, and other Places of difliuft and separate Jurisdiction, assembled at their several and respective General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, from which such Justice lo appointed or to be appointed shall die, decline, refuse to act or become incapable of acting, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint another Justice in the room of him so dying, declining, refuhng to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any Justice so to be appointed as last aforesaid shall die, decline or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting; and every Justice to be appointed as aforesaid shall have the like Power and Authority as the Justice in whose Place he shall be appointed was inveded with by virtue of this Act; and that Notice shall be given by the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks or other jproper Officer, to such Justice of his Appointment, in manner hereinbefore directed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that the Justices so appointed to fix, ascertain and determine the Boundaries as aforesaid, shall difaeree in opinion touching the Boundary between any County, Riding, Division or Parts of any County, or other Place of didinft and separate Jurisdiction, so referred to them under and by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and there shall be an Equality of Votes, so that the said Justices cannot make any Determination thereon, then and in such case the said Justices, or the major Part of them, shall forthwith appoint under their Hands such Person as they may think proper to act as Referee, which Person so appointed as Referee shall, within Twenty one Days from the Receipt of such Appointment, fix a time and Place to meet such Justices; and at such Meeting the said Person so to be appointed as Referee as aforesaid shall, together with the said Justices to whom any Boundary shall be referred to be ascertained as aforesaid, proceed to fix, ascertain and determine the Boundary about which such Disagreement shall take place amongst them the said Justices, in such and the same manner and with such and the like Powers in all Respects as hereinbefore expressed, and that the Determination and Decision of the said Justices, and of the Person whom they shall appoint as Referee as aforesaid, or of the major Part of them, shall be for ever binding and conclusive; and that the said Justices, and the Person whom they shall appoint as Referee as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall cause the Boundary so fixed and determined to be laid down on Two Maps or Plans, to be signed by the said Justices and the Person so appointed as Referee as aforesaid, or by the major Part of them, which mall be deposited with the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks or other proper Officer, as hereinbefore directed, and kept amongd the Records of their respective Sessions, and shall be received as Evidence of such Boundaries; and such Boundaries so fixed and determined shall be and be deemed the Boundaries between the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of Counties, or other Places of didinft and separate Jurisdiction, for which the same shall have been so ascertained for all the Purposes of this and of the said recited Act, and the carrying the Provisions thereof respectively into Execution, any thing contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to such Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of such Counties, or other Places of didinft and separate Jurisdiction, or any Law, Usage or Cudom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Appeal or Appeals shall be made under the said recited Act, to any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance thereof, or of this Act, the same shall be made to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, and that Fourteen clear Days* Notice in Writing shall be given of the Intention to try such Appeal previous to such General or Quarter Sessions, and that notwithstanding such Appeal or Notice thereof, the Rate or Rates made upon any Parish, Township or Place (whether Extra Parochial or otherwise) under the said recited Act and this Act, shall be paid, and shall and may be levied, recovered and received, in the same manner as if no Appeal had been made or Notice given thereof; and that if upon the hearing of any such Appeal or Appeals, the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall order any Rate or Assessment to be decreased or lowered, and it shall appear to the said Court that any Parish, Township or Place have or hath previously to the hearing such Appeal or Appeals paid any Sum or Sums of Money in consequence of such Rates or Assessments, which ought not to have been paid or charged therein, then and in every such case the said Court shall order all and every such Sum and Sums of Money to be repaid and returned to the Person or Persons, Parish, Township or Place, having paid the fame respectively.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, nor any Proceedings under the fame, shall extend or be conllrued to extend, to determine any Question of Boundary for any Purpose, except for the Purpose of assessing, collecting and levying Rates, according to the Provisions of this Act, and of the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Clauses and Regulations contained in the said recited Act, shall be deemed and taken to apply to this Act, as if the fame ^ere severally and respectively repeated and reenacted in this Act \ and this Act and the said recited Act shall be construed

as one Act,

5 E 2

763

Appointment of new Justices.

In case of Difference between Justices, a Referee to be appointed to meet them and determine Boundary.

Appeals how proceeded in.

Act not to determine Quel-tion of Boundary.

Stat. 55 G.*' c. 51. extended to A<tt.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

764 C. 50.

No Sheriff or other Officer shall fell or carry off from any Lands any Straw, Chaff or Turnip.*, in any case, nor any Hay or other Produce contrary to the Covenant.

Tenant to give Notice of Existence of Covenants;

and Sheriff to give Notice to Owner or Landlord.

Sheriff may dispose of Produce subject to an Agreement to expend it on the Land.

Sheriff to permit landlord or Owner to bring Action in his Name*

Sheriff to enquire as to Name and Residence of Landlord.

Landlords not to distrain for Rent on Purchasers of Crops fevered from the Soil, or other things fold subject to Agreement.

Sheriff not to fell Clover, &c. growing with Corn.

CAP. L.

An Act. to regulate the Sale of Farming Stock taken in Execution.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Execution of legal Process should be so regulated, aa to be con-4* fiftent with good Husbandry, and the Effect and Intent of Covenants and Agreements entered into

between the Owners and Occupiers of Land let to farm Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Sheriff or other Officer in England or Wales, shall, by virtue of any Process of any Court of Law, carry off or sell or dispose of for the Purpose of being carried off from any Lands let to farm, any Straw threshed or unthreshed, or any Straw of Crops growing, or any Chaff, Colder or any Turnips, or any Manure, Com-post, Affies or Seaweed, in any case whatsoever; nor any Hay, Grass or Grasses, whether natural or artificial, nor any Tares or Vetches, nor any Roots or Vegetables, being Produce of such Lands, in any case where, according to any Covenant or written Agreement, entered into and made for the Benefit of the Owner or Landlord of any Farm, such Hay, Grass or Grasses, Tares and Vetches, Roots or Vegetables, ought not to be taken off or wilhholden from such Lands, or which by the Tenor or Effect of such Covenants or Agreements, ought to be used or expended thereon, and of which Covenants or Agreements, such Sheriff or other Officer shall have received a written Notice before he shall have proceeded to Sale.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Tenant or Occupier of any Lands let to farm, against whose Goods any Process of Law shall issue, whereby such Goods may be taken and fold, shall, on having Knowledge of such Process, give a written Notice to the Sheriff or other Officer executing the fame, of such Covenants or Agreements, whereof he or she shall have Knowledge, and which may relate to and regulate, or are intended to regulate the Use and Expenditure of the Crops or Produce grotvn or growing thereon, and also of the Name and Residence of the Owner or Landlord of such Lands; and such Sheriff or other Officer shall forthwith, on executing such Process, and before any Sale shall have been proceeded in, fend a Notice by the General Post to the Owner or Landlord of such Lands, in all cases where such Owner or Landlord shall be resident in any Part of this United Kingdom, and shall have been made known to and ascertained by such Sheriff or other Officer, and also to the Known Steward or Agent of such Landlord or Owner, in respect of such Lands, Hating to such Owner, Landlord and Agent, the Fa& of Possession having been taken of any Crops or Produce hereinbefore mentioned; and such Sheriff or other Officer shall, in all cases of the Absence or Silence of such Landlord or Owner, or his or her Agent, postpone and delay the Sale of such Crops or Produce until the latest Day he lawfully can or may appoint for such Sale.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Sheriff or other Officer executing such Process may dispose of any Crops or Produce hereinbefore mentioned, to any Person or Persons who shall agree in Writing with such Sheriff or other Officer, in cases where no Covenant or written Agreement shall be shewn, to use and expend the fame on such Lands, in such manner as shall accord with the Custom of the Country; and in cases where any Covenant or written Agreement shall be shewn, then according to such Covenant or written Agreement; and after such Sale or Disposal so qualified, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to use all such necessary Barns, Stables, Buildings, Outhouses, Yards and Fields, for the Purpose of con-fuming such Crops or Produce, as such Sheriff or other Officer shall allot or assign to them for that Purpose, and which such Tenant or Occupier would have been entitled to and ought to have used for the like Purpose on such Lands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Sheriff or other Officer shall, on the Request of any Landlord or Owner who shall be aggrieved by any Breach of such Agreement, permit such Landlord or Owner to bring any Action or Actions in the Name of such Sheriff or other Officer, for the Recovery of Damages in respect of such Breach, such Landlord or Owner having nevertheless fully indemnified such Sheriff or other Officer against all Costs whatsoever, and all Loss and Damage, before any such Action shall be commenced.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Sheriff or other Officer shall, before any Sale of any Crops or Produce of any Lands let to farm shall be proceeded in, make, by all Ways and Means, due Enquiry within the Parish where such Lands shall be situate, as to the Name and Residence of the Landlord or Owner of such Lands.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Crop or Produce hereinbefore mentioned shall have entered into any Agreement with such Sheriff or other Officer, touching the Use and Expenditure thereof on Lands let to farm, it shall not be lawful for the Owner or Landlord of such Lands to distrain for any Rent on any Corn, Hay, Straw or other Produce thereof, which, at the time of such Sale and the Execution of such Agreement'entered into under the Provisions of this Act, shall have been fevered from the Soil, and fold, subject to such Agreement, by such Sheriff or other Officer; nor on any Turnips, whether drawn or growing, if fold according to the Provisions of this Act; nor on any Horses, Sheep or other Cattle, nor on any Beast whatsoever, nor on any Waggons, Carts or other Implements of Husbandry, which any Person or Persons shall employ, keep or use on such Lands, for the Purpose of threshing out, carrying or consuming any such Com, Hay, Straw, Turnips or other Produce, under the Provisions of the Act, and the Agreement or Agreements directed to be entered into between the Sheriff or other Officer, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Crops and Produce, as hereinbefore are mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff or other Officer shall, by virtue of any Process whatsoever, sell or dispose of any Clover, Ryegrafs or any artificial Grass or Grasses whatsoever, which shall be newly sown, and be growing under any Crop of Handing Corn.

A.D. 1816. 5^ GEORGII III. ^.50^5^ 765

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Straw, Turnips or other Provisofor

Articles, which the Tenant may remove from the Farm consistently with some Contract in Writing. Contracts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in^very case where any Action shall be brought against such Sheriff or Sheriff not liable

other Officer, for any Breach of or Omission of Compliance with the Provisions of this Act, no Plaintiff shall for Damages, be entitled to recover any Damages against such Sheriff or other Officer, unless it shall be proved on the Trial of unl*for wilful such Action, that such Breach or Omission was wilful on the Part of such Sheriff or other Officer. Omission.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff or Under Sheriff, nor any or either of their Deputies, Indemnity to Agents* Bailiffs or Servants, nor any Person or Persons who shall purchase any Hay, Straw, Chaff, Turnips, Sheriff and Grass or Grasses, or other Produce and things hereinbefore mentioned, under the Provisions of this Act, nor

his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall be deemed or taken to be a Trespasser by reason of his, her or their Ad."

coming upon or remaining in Possession of any Bams or other Buildings, Yards or Fields, for the Purpose of threshing out or consuming any Straw, Hay, Turnips or other Produce hereinbefore mentioned, under the Provisions of this Act, or for doing any matter or thing whatsoever, fit and necessary to be done for the Purpose of executing the fame, and carrying into Effect all Stipulations contained in any Agreement made under such Provisions, though such Acts shall have been done by such Sheriff or other Officer, and by such Person or Persons, his, her or their Servants, after the Return of the Process under which such Sheriff or other Officer shall have adecL

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Assignee of any Bankrupt, or of any Insolvent Debtor's Estate, nor Assignee of any Assignee under any Bill of Sale, nor any Purchaser of the Goods, Chattels, Stock or Crop of any Person Bankrupt, or Persons engaged or employed in Husbandry, on any Lands let to farm, shall take, use or dispose of any Hay, w. uke Straw, Grass or Grasses, Turnips or other Roots, or any other Produce of such Lands, or any Manure, Com- way*than post, Ashes, Seaweed or other Dressings intended for such Lands, and being thereon, in any other manner, and Bankrupt would for any other Purpose, than such Bankrupt, Insolvent Debtor, or other Person so employed in Husbandry, have been eari-ought to have taken, used or disposed of the fame, if no Commission of Bankruptcy had issued, or no such tled d# Alignment or Assignments had been executed, or Sale made-

CAP. LI.

-An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to carry into Hffeft a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America.

\jloxh June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to carry into

EffeS a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America: And Whereas the said Act does not contain any Provision for permitting Vessels of the said United States

of America to clear out from the Ports of the United Kingdom to any of the British Settlements in the East Indies: And Whereas it is expedient that Vessels built in the Countries belonging to the United States of America, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the said Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the said States having Commissions or Letters or Marque and Reprizal from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such Ship or Vessel being owned by a Subject or Subjects of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Master and Three fourths of the Manners are also Subjects of the said States, should be allowed to clear out from any Part of the United Kingdom for the principal Settlements of the British Dominions in the East Indies, videlicet, Calcutta, Madras, Bombay, and Prince of Wales's Island, with any Articles which may legally be exported from the United Kingdom to the said Settlements in British built Ships Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Vessels built in the Countries belonging to the United States of America, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the said Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the said States, having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprizal from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such Ship or Vessel being owned by a Subject or Subjects of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Master and Three fourths of the Mariners are also Subjects of the said States, shall be allowed to clear out from any Port of the United Kingdom for the following principal Settlements of the British Dominions in the East Indies, videlicet, Calcutta, Madras, Bombay, and Prince of Wales's Island, with any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which may be legally exported from the United Kingdom to the said Settlements in British built Vessels, subject to the like Rules and Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as are now by Law imposed upon the Exportation of such Goods to the said Settlements in British built Ships; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force so long as the Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force.

56 G. 3. c. 15.

Vessels built in the United States, See. may clear out from any Port in this Kingdom to the East Indies.

Continuance of Alt

766 C. 51, 53

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

CAP. LII.

SS G. 3. c. 147.

Incumbent with Consent of Patron and Bishop may apply Money arising from Sale of Timber for or towards Exchange ojr Purchase of Parsonage House or Glebe Lands.

SS G. 3. c. 147.

516.

Barrister directed by recited Act to be named by Justices of Nisi Prius to be named in Chester and Wales by the Chief Just ice, &c. there.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands belonging to their Benefees for others of greater Value or more conveniently Jit noted for their Residence and Occupation, and for annexing such Houses and Lands so taken in Exchange to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain cases; and for other Purposes: And Whereas it is expedient to authorize the Incumbents of Benefices, Perpetual Curacies, and Parochial Chapelries to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Timber cut from the Glebe or other Lauds of

their respective Benefices, Perpetual Curacies, or Parochial Chapelries, towards the Purposes of the said re-

cited Act May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Incumbent of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, with the Consent of the Patron of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and of the Bishop of the Diocese wherein the fame is locally situate, or of the Archbishop or Bishop to whom the Peculiars wherein such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry is situate shall belong, (such Consent to be signified in manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned, ) to pay and apply the Monies to arise by Sale of any Timber cut and fold from the Glebe Lands of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or from any other Land, whether Copyhold, holden under any Manor of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or otherwise, the Timber whereof belongs to such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, either for Equality of Exchange, or towards and in Part of Equality of Exchange, or for the Price or Purchase Money, or towards and in Part of the Price or Purchase Money of any House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances, or any Lands, or any or either of them, by the said recited Act authorized to be taken in Exchange or to be purchased, and from and after such Exchange or Purchase to be annexed to and to be and become the Parsonage and Glebe House and Glebe Lands and Premises of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

II. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that the Bishop shall in cases of Exchange and Purchase under the said Act issue a Commission of Inquiry for the Purposes therein mentioned, to be directed ito such Persons as are therein described, and of whom One shall be a Barrister of Three Years' Standing at the least, to be named by the Senior Judge of Nisi Prius for the County in which the Benefice, Perpetual

Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, where to it shall be proposed to annex any Buildings or Land by Exchange or Purchase under the said Act shall be situate; but inasmuch as the Nomination of such Barrister by a 4 Judge of Nisi Prius is not applicable to the County Palatine of Chester nor to the Principality of Wales s* Be it therefore enacted, That where any Exchange or Purchase shall be made or be proposed to be made under the Authority of the said Act in any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, situate within the said County Palatine of Chester, or within the said Principality of Wales, such Barrister shall be named by the Chief Justice for the time being of the said County Palatine of Chester or by the Justice, or, in case of his Ab« fence, the other Justice of the Great Sessions for those Counties within the said Principality of Wales, within which said County Palatine or respective Counties of the said Principality of Wales the said Benefice, Perpe, taal Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be situate.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Three several Acts passed in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth, and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reductiou of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities: And

49 G. 3. c. 64. 4 Whereas another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an dd

passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to 5*G. 3. c. 129. 4 grant Life Annuities: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending Two Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be amended, and further Provisions made for rendering

the same more effectual* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Commiflumers and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners under the said recited Acts,

may accept and they are hereby empowered to accept and receive the Transfer of any Amount not less than Four Pounds

inftcadof^per Per ^nnum (nor any Fraftional Parts of a Pound) of Annuity, commonly distinguished and known by the Name Cents, as the of Long Annuity, in lieu and inllead of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, Confi.leration of as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities, under the Provisions, Limitations and Restrictions Bite Annuities, in the said recited Acts contained; and the Amount of Long Annuity to be accepted and taken in lieu and instead

16 of

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 53, 54. 767

of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, for any Life Annuity or Annuities' shall be ascertained and regulated by such Prices and Proportions of Long Annuities to be accepted in lieu of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, as shall be published in the London Gazette by the said Commissioners; provided that such Amount, and any Change thereof, from time to time shall be published by such Commissioners in the London Gazette from time to time, when and so often as they shall deem it expedient and fit.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person who shall have been named as a Nominee, on the Con- Certificates of tinuance of whose Life any Annuity under the said recited Act is to depend, shall, after his or her Nomination, Lives of Nom>-become resident in any Kingdom or State in Europe in Amity with His Majesty, or if he or she shall become roa , r*" resident in any other kingdom, State or Place beyond the Seas, then and in every such case, a Certificate that such Nominee was living on the Day specified therein (being some Day after any Annuity depending upon his or her Life shall have become due) granted under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Magistrate of any City,

[Proviso.]

Town or Place, or any other Magistrate acting at the time as such, or for and in the Place of any such Chief Magistrate, where such Nominee may be then living, shall be deemed sufficient and effectual for proving the Continuance of the Life of such Nominee, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, and for the Purpose of enabling the Person entitled to the Annuity dependant upon the Life of such Nominee to receive the same; provided no British Minister or Consul, or Governor or Person acting as such, shall be resident in such City*,

Town or Place, although a British Minister or Consul, or Governor or Person acting as such, may be resident in the Kingdom, State or Settlement wherein such Nominee shall be then living, any thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That to every such Certificate as aforesaid there shall be Identity to be

annexed an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation, made before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in England or ver, .fied Affi.

Scotland respectively, or if in Ireland before One of the Barons of the Exchequer there, by the Person or Per- or A rm" fons entitled to the said Annuity, or by the Person applying to receive the same on his, her or their Behalf, that 3

the Matters contained in such Certificate are, to the best of nis or her Belief, true; and that the Person described or certified therein is the Nominee or One of the Nominees on whose Life or Lives the Annuity whereof such Half yearly or other Payment shall be claimed doth depend.

IV. And Whereas Persons who have purchased Annuities under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, Any Persons upon the Life or Lives of Nominees, may purchase further Annuities on the fame Life or Lives, without new m*y purchase

Certificates; and it may tend to facilitate the granting Life Annuities under the said Act, if other Persons were An"uuj.e* 011.

[Proviso.]

also allowed to purchase Annuities upon any such Life or Lives, without new Certificates; Be it therefore neesalready'cer-enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, upon transferring or causing to be transferred to the tified without said Commissioners either Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or Long Annuities, to purchase any frefti Certificates. Annuity, or Annuity on the Life of any One Nominee, or on the Lives of any two Nominees, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, whose Age shall have been already certified and verified under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, without any View, or additional Certificate or Certificates of the Age or Ages of such Nominee or Nominees: Provided always, that in every such case an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation as to the Identity of such Nominee or Nominees, shall be made by the Purchaser of the Annuity or Annuities, or by some Person on his or her Behalf, before such and the like Persons as are specified and required in and by the said first recited Act, in cases wherein Copies of the Birth or Baptism of any Nominee or Nominees is or are required to be produced under the Provision of the said Act, any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in any case in which any Commissioners Long Annuity shall be accepted and taken as the Consideration for any Life Annuity or Annuities, in lieu and may ad?Pl instead of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, to use for the Purpose of carry-ing the said Acts into Execution the Forms of Declarations and Certificates in the Schedule to the First to cases of recited Acts annexed, with such Alterations arid Variations as may be necessary to adapt such Forms to the Long Annuities nature of the case, and the Acceptance of Long Annuity as the Considerations instead and in lieu of Three being taken as Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, any thing in the said recited Acts to the con- Confithraiion. trary notwithstanding.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britainj for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[20th June 1816.]

TREASURY may raise 13, 000, 0001. by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G«3« c., i. — fi»

Stat. 48 G. 3. c. 1. extended to this Act, §2. Treasury to apply the Money raised, §3. Principal of said Bills charged on First Supplies of next Session, §4. Interest not exceeding per Cent. per Diem, £5. Exchequer Bills may be taken in Payment of the Revenue, after Apnl 5, 1817, } 6.

Bank empowered to advance 9, 000, 0001. on Credit of Act notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — §7.

Act may be altered, amended or repealed this Session, §8.

768 C. 55.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

40G.3-c. 5v

Directors cm-

CAP. LV.

An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty*8 Reign, for granting the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to enlarge the Powers vetted in the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned and for authorizing the raising of the said Sum by Loan, it is amongst other things enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the

time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint Five Persons to be Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Dublin % who should

have full Power and Authority to order, direct, regulate and appoint all matters and things whatsoever,

4 in any manner relating to the making, furthering ana completing any Canal and Works relating to Inland Navigation, towards the defraying of the Expences of which any public Money should be applied; and it was by the said recited Act also enacted, that all such Inland Navigations as had been, before the patting of said Act, carried on and executed by means of public Grants alone, or by Tolls arising therefrom,

without the Aflittance of the private Property of any Individual, and such as should thereafter be so carried on, together with all Lands, Tenements, Banks, Backways and every matter and thing appertabling thereto, and all the Funds and Tolls belonging to the fame, should be, and the fame were thereby vetted in the said Directors, and in such Person and Persons as should successively be appointed Directors in pursuance of the said Act: And Whereas several Inland Navigations have, by virtue of the said recited Act,

and otherwise, become vetted in the Directors appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Act: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited Act, and to enlarge the Powers vetted in the said Directors,

under and by virtue of the said Act, and the several other Acts of Parliament in Ireland relating to Inland Navigation Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, and they are hereby autho-powered to make rized and empowered from time to time, and at any Place, to make such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye ^ulatin*Navi- ^aws, a8 to t*iem seem meet and proper, for regulating the Conduct of all Officers, Workmen and gation and the*Servants to be employed by them, and for the well and orderly using and preserving the several Canals and Passage of Vef- Navigations and Oft Branches thereof, which now are or at any time hereafter shall be vetted in them, and the fels thereon, &c. Banks, Basons, Reservoirs, Tunnels, Locks, Sluices, Aqueducts and all other Works thereto belonging, and for regulating the patting and repatting of all Ships, Boats, Barges, Lighters and other Vessels, and the conveying of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities which (hatt be navigated or conveyed thereon, and for the orderly Behaviour of all Seamen, Boatmen, Watermen, Bargemen ana others, who mall navigate such Ships, Boats, Barges, Lighters and other Vessels, upon any of the said Canals or Navigations, or any Off Branch thereof, or who shall be employed in carrying or conveying any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities thereon, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Canals and Navigations, and the Off Branches thereof respectively, in all other Respects whatsoever 5 and from time to time, and at any Place, to alter or repeal all or any of the Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws now in force, or to be hereafter made respecting the fame, or any of them, and to make others; and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the said Directors shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be reduced into Writing, and shall be submitted for the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being 5 and when such Approbation shall be signified, all such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws shall be entered in the Books or Minutes of the said Directors, and shall be binding upon, and be observed by all Persons using or in anywise concerned or employed in or about the said Canals or Navigations, or any of them, or any Off Branch of any of them; and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juttify all Persons who shall act under the fame: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws be not contrary to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland} and provided also, that such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws shall be published at least Three times in the Dublin Gazette, and also in some Country Newspaper respectively, if any such Country Newspaper shall be published in any County or Town through which such Canals or Navigations, or any Off Branch or Part thereof, shall have been made or carried; and if no Newspaper be published in any County through which the said Canals or Navigations, or any Off Branch or Part thereof, shall have been made or carried, then the same shall be published in the Dublin Gazette alone as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Nuisance or Impediment to any Navigation, or any other.- Offence against or Breach of any Rule, Order, Regulation or Bye Law, made or to be made as aforesaid, shall

Laws constitutes continue<l» or ffiaU not^abated, removed or discontinued after Notice in Writing signed by the said Di-a Second Of- rectors, or by any of their Officers, shall have been served on or left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of.

fence. the Person or Persons so continning such Nuisance, Impediment, Offence or Breach, requiring him, her or them to discontinue the fame, every such Continuation shall be deemed and taken to be a separate and distinct

iz Offenc?

Power to alter or repeal Bye Laws; and to inflict Fines.

Bye Laws, approved by the Lord Lieutenant, a sufficient J unification to all Persons aft. ing thereunder.

Bye Laws not to be contrary to Laws of the Land.

Published in Dublin Gazette and Country Newspaper.

A Continuance of any Offence

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 55.

Offence within the meaning of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors to impose and infli& a Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for each" and every such Continuation.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Penalty or Penalties, Fine of Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, shall be incurred by reason of any Offence or Breach of any Rule, Order or Regulation of the said Directors, or by reason of any Bye Law to be made by the said Directors, under and by virtue of the Powers by this Act vested in them for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, their Officers and Servants, or any of them, to seize, detain and withhold, by way of Distress, any Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel, and any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in the Possession or under the Care or Management of the Person or Persons incurring such Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture; and if such Distress shall not be redeemed, by paying every such Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, together with the reasonable and necessary Charges for such distraining, within Sixteen Days after the taking Uiereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Distress shall be made, and they are hereby required, on Information on Oath being made before them of the Detention of such Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, and of the Imposition of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, and that the fame had not been redeemed as aforesaid, to issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to some High or Petty Constable of the said County, to levy the Amount of every such Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, by Sale of the said Distress; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Constable to fell the said Distress, or a sufficient Part thereof, for Satisfaction and Payment of every such Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, and of the Charges of such Distress and Sale, paying the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons having the Care or Management of the Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel, or of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so distrained, and restoring to the said Owner or Owners, Person or Persons aforesaid, such Parts of the Property distrained as shall remain unfold (if any); and that no Replevin shall lie, or be granted or executed against such Distress; and the absolute Property of every Thing so fold shall be and remain in the Purchaser thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person or Persons shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, float, navigate or put any Raft of Timber, Planks, Board or Boards, or any Log or Logs of Timber, or Beam or Beams, Plank or Planks, or Board or Boards, not being on board a Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel, in or upon any Canal or Navigation, now veiled or which shall hereafter be vested in the said Directors, or any Off Branch thereof, without the Permission of the said Directors for that Purpose first had and obtained in Writing; and that every Raft, Log or Piece of Timber, Plank, Beam and Board, which shall at any time hereafter be floated, navigated or put in or upon any such Canal or Navigation, or any Off Branch thereof, not being on board a Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel, without such Permission as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and become the Property of the said IDirectors General, to be by them applied or disposed of for the Use of such Navigation; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and their Servants to seize and take the same to and for the Use of the said Directors, to be applied or disposed of as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel shall in any manner damage, injure or destroy any Part of any Canal or Navigation, or Off Branch thereof, or be found sunk in any Canal or Navigation now vested, or which at any time hereafter shall be vested in the said Directors, or in any'jOff Branch or Supply Cut of the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and their Officers and Servants, to detain every such Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge and Vessel, and to keep and detain the fame, and all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities found on board the fame, until the reasonable Costs and Expences of weighing and raising the fame respectively and of repairing the Damage which the said Canal or Navigation, or Off Branch or Supply Cut, may have sustained thereby, shall be paid and satisfied to the Collector of Tolls to the said Directors; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching the Amount of the said Costs and Expences, then until such Sum of Money as any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which the said Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel shall be detained, shall, under his Hand and Seal, award and adjudge to be paid for such Cods ana Expences, shall be paid and satisfied to the said Collector.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities so detained as aforesaid, shall not be claimed by or on behalf of the Owner or Owners thereof, or in case the Costs and Expences aforesaid shall not be paid as aforesaid, within Twenty one Days after the said Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel shall be detained as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, and he is hereby required, on Information on Oath made before him, that such Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, have been seized and detained, as aforesaid, and not claimed within the time aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to some High or Petty Constable of the said County, to Order and require the said Constable to fell the said Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, by public Cant or Auction, to the highest and bell Bidder for the fame (which said Sale the said Constable is hereby licensed, authorized, required and empowered to make, without obtaining any Licence as an Auctioneer); and the said Constable shall, out of the Produce of such Sale, pay the aforesaid Costs and Expences to the said Collector of, Tolls of the said Directors; and shall pay over the Residue of the said Produce, after deducting the Expences of such Notices and Sale, to the Owner and Owners of the said Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vessel, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities; or in case such Owner or Owners shall not be known to the said Constable, then to pay oyer the said Residue to the said Justice of the Peace for the Use of such Owner or Owners,

56 Geo. III. 5 F*«VII. And

769

[Penalty.]

Power to seize and detain Vessels for Payment of Fines and Expences of Distress.

If Distrest not redeemed within 16 Days, Two Justices of the Peace may issue Warrant for Sale thereof;

or a sufficient Part, to satisfy Penalty and Charges. Overplus (if any) to Owner. No Replevin.

All Floats, Rafts, or Timber put on Navigations without Permission of Directors, or not being on board Bait, Lighter, &c. forfeited to Use of Directors. Seizure.

Ships, Boats or Vessels found sunk or damaging the Work of Navigations detained,

until Expences of raising, tec. and repairing Damages paid; in case of Dispute, until Sum awarded by Justice paid, Vessel detained.

Vessels may be sold, under Warrant of Justice, by a Constable, though not a licensed Auc tioneer.

Expences paid out of Produce of Sale.

Residue to Owner.

770 C-55- 5<5° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Where no Boundary, Directors may fence in and ?n-dose Banks.

Not to exceed 21 reet in Breadth.

Director*, Surveyors, Engineers, &c. may enter upon Lands for Purposes of survey-ing and laying out new Lines of Navigation.

Swine found on Canal Banks may be seized, killed or carried away, if not under the Care of a Driver, kc.

Power to sue for Damages done to Navigations, to be pretented by Grand Juries, and raised off County, Barony or Town, as Grand Juries may think fit.

Presentment by Grand Jury.

flow levied.

Notice of Damage to be given within 10 Days to High Constable, Sec.

11

VII. And Whereas in many Places the Boundaries and Mearings between the Banks of several Canals and Navigations, or the Off Branches thereof, and the adjoining Lands, have, through Lapse of time and the Neglect of the Persons in whom the said Canals and Navigations and Off Branches thereof have been veiled, been effaced and dellroyed, so as that the fame cannot now be traced and ascertained; and it is necessary for the Preservation of the said Canals and Navigations and Off Branches thereof, that the Banks be fenced in and inclosed from the adjoining Lands* Be it therefore declared and enacted, That in all cases where there is no Boundary or Shearing between any Part of the Bank of any Canal or Navigation and Off Branches thereof, and the adjoining Land, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors as to any Canals or Navigations which are or may become vested in them; and also for all and every Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of any other Canal or Navigation in Ireland) with respect to such Canals or Navigations respectively as are not or shall not be vested in the said Directors, to fence in and inclose such Part of any such Bank, provided the Breadth of the Bank so fenced in and inclosed shall not exceed Twenty one Teet from the Edge of the Water of the said Canal or Navigation or Off Branch, including the Ditch or Fence by which the same shall be inclosed as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, Engineer or Engineers of the said Directors, and for any other Person or Persons employed for that Purpose, and their Servants and Attendants, to survey, measure, take Levels, and lay out any Line intended for a new Canal or Navigation, Off Branch or Cut, or for the altering, widening, extending or improving of any exilling Canal or Navigation, Off Branch or Cut, or for any Works relating to Inland Navigation; and for that Purpose to enter upon, traverse and pass and repass through and over any Lands or Grounds, and to do all other Matters and Things necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, and without being liable to any Obflra&ion whatever; provided such Surveyor or Surveyors, Engineer or Engineers, Person or Persons, shall be accompanied by One or more of the said Directors, or shall produce (if demanded) a Certificate in Writing under the Hands of the said Directors, or under the Hand of their Secretary for the time being, that he or they is or are employed by the said Directors for that Purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, and also for all and every Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of any other Canal or Inland Navigktion in Ireland, whenever they shall deem it expedient or necessary so to do, to issue Orders in Writing under their Hand and Seal to the several Lock Keepers and other Officers of the several Navigations, rfow veiled or hereafter to become vested in them the said Directors, or in any such Company of Undertakers or Proprietors, to seize, kill, or carry away, and it shall and may be lawful for such Lock Keepers and other Officers, when so thereunto Ordered, to seize, kill and carry away all Swine found roaming at large on any Part of the Banks of any Canal or Navigation or Off Branch thereof, veiled or to be vested in the said Directors, or in any such Company of Undertakers or Proprietors, unless such Swine shall have One or more Driver or Drivers attending on, or Person or Persons in charge of them, who shall be actually driving the fame, and who shall prevent them from doing Mischief to or injuring any such Navigation, or unless such Swine shall have Iron Rings or Staples m their Noses.

X. And Whereas the Banks, Locks and other Works as well of the several Canals and Navigations veiled hi the said Directbrs as of other Canals and Navigations in Ireland have frequently been maliciously- wantonly or intentionally damaged artd destroyed; and it has been foilnd very difficult by Means of Rewards or otherwise to difcOver and bring to Punishment the Persons guilty of such Offences; Be it therefore 'enabled, That when and as often as any Bank, Gate, Look, Sluice, Bridge, Dam or other Work belonging to any Canal or Navigation now vested or hereafterto be vested in the said Directors, or belonging to any other Canal or Navigation in Ireland, or any Off Branch or Cut of any such Canal or Navigation respectively, shall be maliciously, wantonly or intehtionally damaged, injured or dellroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors with respect to such Canals and Navigations as are or may be vested in them, and also for all and every Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of any other Canal or Inland Navigation in Ireland, with respect to such Canals or Navigations respectively as are not or shall not be vested in the said Directors, to sue for and recover Satisfaction and Amends for the Injury, Loss or Damage so done as aforesaid, at the next Assize&tobe held for the County where such Offence was committed, by presenting a Petition to the Grand Jury impannelled and sworn at such Assizes, praying such Satisffc&ion and Amends, and setting forth the Extent and Amount of the Injury, Loss and Damage done as aforesaid, and proving to the Satisfaction of the said Grand Jury, that such Injuries and Damages were maliciously, wantonly or intentionally done as aforesaid, and the Extent and Amount thereof; and thereupon the said Grand Jury shall, and they are hereby required to present such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to repair and make good the Loss, Injury and Damage so done as aforesaid, to be raised either on the County at large or on the Barony or Baronies, Town or Towns in or near to which such Injury or Damage shall have been committed, or any of them, and in such Proportions as they shall think fit; which Sums, so presented as aforesaid, shall be applotted, levied, and raised, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form as Money presented at the Assizes shall be applotted, levied, and raised within such County, pursuant to the Laws now in force, and shall be paid over to the said Directors.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Directors or the Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of any Canal or Navigation not vested in the said Directors, or some Person or Persons on their Behalf respectively, shall within Ten Days next after such Injury and Damage done and committed as aforesaid, give Notice of such Injury and Damage to the High Constable of the Barony, and to the Churchwardens of the Parish where such Fa& shall be alledged to have been committed, if such High Constable and Churchwardens shall respectively rcfide in such. Barony and Parish j and if no High Constable or Churchwardens

A.D. 1816.6i° GEORGII Hi. C. 55.

wardens (kail reside in such Barony or Parish respectively, then to Two or more Inhabitants of such Bafoqy or Parish: Provided also, that if such Fad shall be committed so near the time of holding the next Affixes tbpt Notice cannot be given before the First Day of such Assizes, according to the Direction of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors or Company, qr Proprietors, as the case may be, to prefer their Petition, and obtain such Preferment at the next ensuing Affixes after such due Notice shall be given as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any such Preferment, such Person or Persons, in case the Sum presented to be raised shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, but not otherwise, shall or may at the said Assizes traverse such Presentment, which Traverse shall be tried at the fame or the next ensuing Assizei, as the Judge or Judges who shall allow the same shall think fit; and if on such Traverse, the Issue shall be found for the Traverser, such Preferment shall be discharged, otherwise the same shall be final and conclusive to all Persons: Provided also, that no such Preferment shall at any time be removed by Certiorari, nor shall the raising the Money thereby presented be otherwise delayed than by such Traverse as aforesaid, and that for such time only as shall he necessary for the Trial of such Traverse; nor shall any such Preferment be at auy time quashed for any Informality, Imperfection or Defect in Form whatsoever.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money so presented as aforesaid, shall not be raised or levied until after the Assizes next ensuing the Affixes at which the same shall be presented as aforg-said; and that in case the Person or Persons who shall have committed any such Injury or Damage, or any of them, shall be convicted of such Offence, then and in such case no Sum of Money shall be raised or levied in pursuance of any such Preferment; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it (haS and may be lawful to and for all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Ecclesiatical Persons, Tenants in Tail, Tenants for Life, Husbands seized in Right of their Wives, Married Women, Guardians, Tru&ees and Feoffees in Trust, Committees of Lunatics and Insane Persons, Executors and Admimftratavs, and all other Persons whomsoever, not only on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of those for whom they are Trustees or Guardians, whether Infants, Issue unbprn, Lunatics, Idiots, Married Women or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Married Women who are or shall be seized, poflfeffed of, or interested, in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest, and for every Person and Persons whp is, are or shall be in any Way seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, which the said Directors shall at any time think necessary to occupy, use or take in, for the Purpose of making, enlarging, altering, widening or extending any Canal or Navigation, or any Off Branch or Supply Cut, or any Works thereunto belonging, to contract and agree for, sell and convey the fame, and every- Part thereof, unto the said Directors; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Rqclefiaftkal and other Persons aforesaid, so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for such Acts as they shall respectively <k> in relation to any such Sale which he, she or they, or any of them, shall make by virtue and in pjprfoande of this Act; and all such Contra As, Sales, Conveyances, and A ffuranoes of apy Lands, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, feaU be made to the Cud Directors according to the form folio wing; {videlicet)

4 T A* B* of in Consideration of the Sum of

to me paid by the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation jn freland, do hereby

grant, convey and dispose of, to the said Directors, all that and those [here describe the Premises to fe conveyed^ as marked and described in' the Map or Survey hereunto .annexed, and all my Right, T/tfe and

Interest in and to the feme, and every Part thereof, to hold tP the said Directors and their Successors in the same manner as I hold or might have held the feme, for ever, by virtue of and according to the true Intent

and Meaning of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majestjr, intituled ('here insert the Title of thit In Witnesswhereof I have hereunto set rny fjaqd aiyd $eaf,

this Day of in the Ye^r , of pur Lord One thousand eight hv^ndred

A memorial of which said Conveyance shall be duly prepared and lodged in the Office for registering Deeds and WiHs in the City of Dublin; and such Conveyance shall have £ffe& and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Person or Persons so conveying had conveyed the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises therein mentioned, by Fine or Common Recovery, or any formal Conveyance thereof, made and executed according to Law, and the same shall pass thereby and be veiled accordingly; and that any such Conveyance, executed and registered as aforesaid by any Tenant for Life in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises therein mentioned, shall be binding and conclusive against every Person claiming any Estate in the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments. or Premises, in Remainder after such Tenant for Lite, as if the Person or Persons so in Remainder had executed the same.

XY. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar or Deputy Registrar of the said Registry Office shall, from time to time when required, deliver an attested Copy or Copies of such Memorial or Memorials to any Person or Persons requiring the fame; which said attested Copy or Copies shall be admitted and received as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act forhe Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Comn\ittee or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any fofaut, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements

5 F 2 or

771

In what case Petition preferred and Presentment at Assizes next but one.

Traverse where Sum presented shall exceed 50l.

Certiorari. Prosecution delayed by Traverse.

Moniej prefpnted pot levied dll after Affixes ep-suing those at which Prefem-ment made. Public Bodies and all Individuals, disabled in Law', empowered to fell Grounds to t)ire&ors;

and indemnified for what they shall do in such Sales.

Form of ppn-yeyjince.

Memorial of Conveyance lodged in Registry Office iu Dublin.

Such Conveyance valid, as if a formal Conveyance according to Laws of Ireland.

Attested Copy of Memorial of Registry Lvi dence.

Application cf Compensationif mounting to

OOcl.

77* C. 5S-

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Id what case laid out in Purchase of Lands, 5c c.

Until Purchase, Money invested in Government Securities*

Application of Compensation if lets than aooL and equal to and exceeding aol.

or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds* with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account there " Ex parte the Directors of Inland Navigation in Ireland , " to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affeCUng the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court* upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Government Securities; and in the mean time, and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments* so directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Dire6kors of Inland Navigation in Ireland (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified iu Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore -directed, so far as the cue maybe applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed to be paid asnexl before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this A 614 or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall have agreed to receive any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Directors, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and

Money paid into for the said Directors to order such Sum or Sums of Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the an o re n, ^jame and with tjjC privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [, defer thing them], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery 5 which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding* or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands*

Tenements,

Application of Compensation if less than aol.

Tn case of not making out Title*.

Purchase

subject to Order of the Court of Chancery on Morion, 5cc.

In what cases on Question touching Title to Money to be

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 55, 56. 773

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- paid, the Persons ments, to be purchased in pursuance of this A A, or to any Government Securities to be purchased with any who shall be such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who Lan^&c^t

shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and the time of such

all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be Purchase, deem-deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to ed entitled such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; thereto accord-and the Dividends and Interest of such Government Securities, and also the Capital of such Government Se- p^on curities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court

that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully

entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or*Incapacity of Court of Chan-the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased E, ery ma? °J.der under the Authority of this A Cl, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the pu^hafes°to be Court of Chancery, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be^by Trustees. settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Directors out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be sued or impleaded for or by reason of any General Issue: thing done under or by virtue of any Powers given by this Act, or under or by virtue of any Rule, Order,

Regulation, or Bye Law, made or hereafter to be made by the said Directors as aforesaid, such Person may plead the General I flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to repeal the several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and also several Acts for the Collection and

Management of the said Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to make

more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas another Act was passed in the said Year, intituled An Act to regulate the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, Attor-

nies, Solicitors, ProSors, and Corporate Officers in Ireland 2 And Whereas another Act was passed in the said Year, intituled An Act to repeal the several A3s for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to mate more effectual Regulations for colic3ing and managing the said Duties in general: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be repealed, and that other and increased Duties of Stamps should be granted in lieu of the Duties aforesaid, and that the Regulations herein after contained should be established for the Collection and Management of all Stamp Duties in Ireland: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, thte said recited Acts, and all Duties by the said Acts, or any of them, granted or imposed, and all Allowances in respect of the said Duties, and all Regulations contained in the said Acts for collecting or enforcing of the said Duties, or any of them, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except so far as the said Acts, or any of them, repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, matter, or thing therein contained; and save as to the raising, recovering, allowing, or paying, after the Commencement of this Act, of any Arrears of Duty or Allowances under the said Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament which shall then remain unrepealed; and save as to any Proceeding commenced or to be commenced in any Court, Civil or Criminal, or otherwise, against any Person or Persons for any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture^ or Punishment for or in respect of any Crime or Offence committed or to be committed, before the Commencement of this Act, against the said Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in anywise relating to the Collection or Management of Stamp Duties, which, if committed after the Commencement of this Act, would under the Provisions thereof, or of such other Act or Acts as aforesaid, subject the Offender to the fame or a greater Fine, Forfeiture, Penalty or Punishment respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, in lieu and instead of the Duties and Allowances by this Act repealed, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid, in Ireland, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, matters and things mentioned, enumerated and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedule, and in each and every Part thereof; and that there shall be allowed and paid for or in respect of all such Articles, matters or things as are inserted, enumerated and described in the said Schedule in that Behalf, the several Allowances inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid or given in the nature of Discount or Allowance on the Purchase of Stamps, other than such as is and are expressed and directed in the said Schedule, any thing in any former

Ad

55 G. 3. c. 78. 55 G. 3. c. 79. 55 G. 3. c. 81.

Recited Acts repealed.

except as to the Recovery of Arrears, Sec.

Duties specified in Schedule annexed to be levied, and the Allowances therein described made.

Bonds, &c. now exempted from Stamp Duty to continue so.

Duties under Management of Commissioners for Stamps.

Duties paid in British Currency, except the Sum under 6d. or between 6d. and is.

Duties paid to the Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer of Ireland.

Accounts of Pm of certain Duties on the Admission of Students to Inns of Court, Sec, to be kept separate, and paid over to Treasurer.

Appointment of Commissioners.

Oath.

By whom ad. roinifterecL

C. 56. 56° GEORGII m. A.D. 1816.

Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said Schedule and every Clause, Regulation, matter and thing therein respectively Contained, shall be deemed, taken, and considered aa Part of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where any Bond, Receipt, Deed or Instrument of any Nature or Kind whatever, is expressly exempted from any Stamp Duty, by any Act or Acts io force at the time of the passing of this Act, and not expressly repealed by this Act or any other Act, every such Bond, Receipt, Deed or Instrument shall remain so exempted, and shall not be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty in this Act or the Schedule thereto annexed, any thing in this Act or in the said Schedule to the contrary m anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Allowances by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed granted and made payable shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland for the time being; and that the said Duties, and all other Duties which shall from time to time be under the Care of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland\ shall be denominated and be deemed and taken to be Stamp Duties.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, and all Stamp Duties which shall be from time to time payable in Ireland', and as to which it shall not be etpressly otherwise provided, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, except only such of the said Duties as are under the Sum of Sixpence, or between the Sum of Sixpence and the Sum of One Shilling; and which said Duties shall be paid ana payable according to the Amount thereof in Irljb Currency: Provided always, that m all cases where any Duties of Stamps, or any Allowances in respect thereof, are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum referred to in respect whereof such Duties are imposed, such Amount so referred to shall be taken and deemed to be, and shall be computed in Irish Carrency.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the several Stamp Duties in Ireland shall be paid from time to time by the several Distributors of Stamps In Ireland into the Hands of the Receiver General of Stamp Duties for the time being in Ireland, and to no other Person whatever, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Receiver General shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the fame being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, at such times and in such manner as is or shall be from time to time by Law directed concerning the several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and all Money so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund of Ireland\

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland shall cause to be kept a distinct Account of the Sum of Ten Pounds (Part of the Duty of Thirty Pounds, in the said Schedule men-tiotied, on the Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns, and of Thirty Pounds on the Admission of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister in the Inns of Court); and of the Sum of 6even Pounds (Part of the Duty of Fifty Pounds, in the said Schedule mentioned, upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice to an Attorney; and that the Receiver General of Stamp Duties shall pay the same at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office for the time being, shall cause the said respective Parts of the said respective Duties of Thirty Pounds, and Thirty Pbttnds, and Fifty Pounds to be paid to the Treasurer of the said Society of King's Inns, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by the said Society.

VIII. And be it enacted, That His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have Power from time to time and at all times to appoint Commissioners for the stamping and marking Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Stamp Dot in in Ireland, and that the said Commissioners shall be called w The Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland and that the said Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland For the time being, shall have Power under their Hands and Seals to appoint such inferior Officers in their Department as they shall from time to time think proper; and that every Commissioner, or other Officer so appointed, before he shall proceed to the Execution of H» Office under such Appointment, shall take and subscribe the following Oath 5 (that i* to lay),

T A* B. do swear, That I will, during my Continuance in the Office of, faithfully

c A execute the Trust committed to me therein without Fraud or Concealment$ and that I will from time

c to time true Account make of all such Acts as I shall do therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, hath or have appointed or hereafter shall appoint to receive such

Account 5 and that I will take no Fee, Reward or Profit, for the Execution or Performance of the said

Trust, or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or Persons other than such as shall be paid and allowed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by such Person or Persons for that Purpose antho-

rized by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being. So help me GOD.

And such Oath shall and may be administered to any such Commissioner or Commissioners by the Chancellor, Treasurer, Lord Chief Baron or any other of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or in their Absence by any of the Justices of any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Dublin; which said Chancellor, Treasurer, Barons and Justices are hereby respectively required and empowered to administer such Oath 5 and any One of the said Commissioners or any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, within his proper Jurisdiction, shall and may administer the like Oath to any of the inferior Officers aforesaid.

15 IX. And

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. S6.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it shall not be otherwise directed or provided by any Act or Acts of Parliament, ail and every Right, Power and Authority, which from time to time shall be vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may be used and exercised by any three or more of the said Commissioners, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the fame could be used or exercised by all the said Commissioners for the time being; and that all and every Powers and Authorities veiled in any Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or in any Commissioners for damping Vellum, Parchment and Paper, under whatsoever Name or Title by any Act not hereby repealed, shall be vetted in the said Commissioners under this Act to all Intents and Purposes.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect or be construed to affect an Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty fiecond Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Qualifications of Persons appointed to Offices in this Kingdom, wherein Two or more Grantees ad under one Grants Commijnon or Appointment, but that the said Act and every Part thereof shall remain in full force as if this Act had not been patted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the feversl Commissioners and inferior Officers heretofore appointed for the marking or damping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such Offices respectively, shall continue to act in the several Offices to which they have been to appointed, in like manner, with the fame Powers and Authorities, and subject to such Restrictions and Limitations as if appointed and (worn under this Act; and that every such Commissioner now appointed or hereafter to be appointed shall continue to hold and exercise his said Office until he shall die, resign or be removed therefrom by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time beirqj and that every such inferior Officer now appointed or hereafter to be appointed shall continue to hold raod exercise his said Office until he shall die, resign or be removed therefrom by the said Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time heing.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Court whatsoever, on any Indictment, Information, Trial, Proceeding or Occasion whatsoever, and whoever shall be the Parties therein, any Question shall arise concerning the Right or Title of the said Commissioners or inferior Officers, or any of them, or of any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of executing any Duty whatsoever under any Act impaling any Stamp Duty or regulating the Collection or Management of any such Duty, to hold, exercise or enjoy the said Offices, or to execute such Duty respectively, then and in every such case it shall be sufficient to prove that such Commissioner or Commissioners or inferior Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, were or was at the time in question commonly reputed to be such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Officer or Officers, or so appointed or authorized respectively, without producing any Patent, Appointment or Commission, and without giving any Evidence of having performed the Several Requifttee prescribed by Law to enable them to execute the said Offices or Duties respectively, or any of the said Requisites.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for jthe time being, out of the Produce of the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be jpayable in Ireland, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from time to time for Salaries, and for incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting and levying or managing of the said Duties, any thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or other Officers heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Officers employed or to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, shall from time to time observe such Rules, Methods and Orders in the Execution of their several Offices and Trusts, as they respectively have received or shall receive from time to time from His Majesty, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or from the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer or any three of them for the time being respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall keep their Stamp Office in some convenient Place in the County of the City of Dublin; and that none of the Duties which shall or may be from time to time under their Management shall be received or collected by or paid to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, or any One or more of them, to administer Oath9 and Affirmations, and take Affidavits and Affirmations, in all cases where he or they shall respectively think an Oath or Oaths or an Affirmation or Affirmations necessary to be administered or taken for the Purpose of carrying into Effect this Act, or any Part thereof, or any matter or thing relating thereto, or to the Management or Collection of any of the Stamp Duties now payable or hereafter to be payable.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, by Notice in Writing at any time, to revoke, annul and make void any Licence which the said Commissioners are empowered to grant under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for any Purpose whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Dittributor of Stamps, or Person in Charge as a Distributor of Stamps, shall verify by Affidavit, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) by Affirmation, his, her or their respective Accounts furnished by him, her or them to the said Commissioners 5 such Affidavit or Affirmation, if made in Dublin, to be sworn or affirmed before One of the said Commissioners, and if in the Country, before a JafUce

of

775

Three Commissioners empowered to act.

Act not to affect the Irish Act of 21 & 22 G.$.

Commissioners and Officers now in Office to continue to act.

Where Right of Commissioners, fee, of executing any Duty is questiooed, Proof that they are so reputed sufficient.

Salaries paid.

Rules observed in Execution of Act.

Office kept in Dublin.

Commissioners empowered to administer Oaths.

Licences may be revoked.

Distributors to verify their Accounts on Oath.

Notice.

[Penalty.]

Acknowledgements of Distributors to be taken in Evidence.

Distributors with Consent of Commissioners may appoint Deputies.

Premises of Distributors, See. may be entered and Sumps taken away, a Warrant having been obtained.

Doors may be broken open.

Commissioners may grant Warrant. Acknowledgment given for Sumps seized.

Commissioners may fine Distributors iol. for Neglect of Duty,

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

of the Peace of the County in which such Distributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor respectively, shall have his Office; and which Affidavit or Affirmation such Commissioners and Justices respectively are hereby required and authorized to receive and take as aforesaid; or if the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, shall by Notice in Writing require the fame, then before the Justices of the Peace at a Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County or District in which such Distributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor, shall have his Office; and which Affidavit or Affirmation such Justices are hereby required, and authorized to receive and take; and if any such Distributor, or Person in charge as a Dillributor, shall neglect or refuse to verify any of such Accounts in manner aforesaid, within such reasonable time as he or she mall be called upon by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, so to do, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions or Suits commenced or to be commenced against any Distributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor, or against the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Distributor or Person in charge, or against all or any or either of the Sureties of any such Distributor or Person in charge, or their or any or either of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, every Acknowledgment in Writing signed by such Distributor or Person in charge as a Distributor, or by any Person duly authorized by any such Distributor, or Person in charge respectively, of the Receipt of any Stamps given or sent to such Distributor, or Person in charge, by or from the Stamp Office in Dublin, shall be accepted, taken and allowed, in all Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence of the Receipt of the several Pieces and Skins of Stamped Paper, Parchment and Vellum in such Acknowledgment stated to have been received by or for such Distributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor, and of the Value thereof, and of the Stamps thereon respectively; and that all and every Account or Accounts furnished by such Distributor, or Person in charge, whether verified by Oath or Affirmation or not, shall be accepted, taken and allowed, in all Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence against such Distributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor, or against the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Distributor or Person in charge, or against all or any or either of the Sureties of such Distributor or Person in charge, or their or any or either of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, of the several Debits in any such Account severally contained; but any such Account, by whom* soever produced, shall not be Evidence of the Credits therein claimed or stated by such Distributor, or Person in charge as Distributor.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distributor or Distributors of Stamps, with the Consent of the said Commissioners of Stamps or of any One of them, to appoint, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, any Person or Persons to be his, her or their Deputy or Deputies, or Sub Distributor or Distributors, within his, her or their District, or any Part or Parts thereof that may be specified in such Warrant, and every such Distributor or Distributors shall be answerable for the Conduct of every such Deputy or Sub Distributor in all matters relating to the said Office of Distributor 5 and every such Deputy or Sub Distributor shall have full Power to fell Stamps for the said Distributor or Distributors, according to the terms of such Warrant, in the same manner as the said Distributor or Distributors might personally do, but not to exercise any other Part of the Business or Office of such Distributor or Distributors; and no such Warrant for appointng any such Sub Distributor shall be subject to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons authorized thereto by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, under Hand and Seal, and with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to enter in the Day time into the House or Habitation of any Distributor of Stamps, or Person in charge as such, or Sub Distributor, or other Person or Persons acting for or under such Distributor or Person in charge as such, or into the House of any Person having a Licence to fell Stamps, or having had such Licence in Force at any time within Six Calendar Months then last past; and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Distributor or other Person as aforesaid shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof shall not be opened, then with the Assistance and in the Presence of such Magistrate or Peace Officer to break open the fame respectively, and to seize and to take into his or their Possession all stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be found in the House, Custody or Possession of such Distributor or other Person as aforesaid 5 and all Magistrates and Peace Officers are hereby required, upon the Request of any Person or Persons acting under such Warrant, to aid and assist him and them in the Execution thereof; and it shall be lawful for all and every such Commissioner or Commissioners to grant such Warrant to any Person or Persons whenever and as often as he or they shall think fit.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person who shall so execute any such Warrant in the House or Place of Residence of any Person licensed or having been licensed to fell Stamps as aforesaid, shall give to such Person so licensed or having been so licensed, if required, an Acknowledgment of the Number, Particulars and Amount of the Stamps, if any, so seized therein, and shall permit such Person, or any Person or Persons employed by him or her, to inspeA the fame before the Removal thereof respectively, and to mark the same as he or they shall think proper 5 and that such Person so licensed or having been so licensed shall be entitled to demand and receive from the Distributor of the District, the full Amount in Value of such of the Stamps so seized as shall be found to be genuine, and of the Paper, Parchment or Vellum whereon the same shall be so impressed, according to the Rates at which the same shall respectively be sold by such Distributor at the time of such Seizure.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps shall have Power from time to time, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to fine any Distributor or Distributors of Stamps, or any Person in charge as such, for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, or of the Orders of the said Commissioners, or of any One or more of them, in any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for any One Offence, the Amount of such Fine to be paid by such Distributor or Distributors, or Person so in charge as such, to the Receiver General for the Use of

16 Majesty*

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 56.

Majesty's Revenue, together with his, her or their next Payment, and as Part thereof $ and it shall ht lawful for such Receiver General, and he is hereby required to apply the next Money that he shall receive from stich Distributor or Person so in charge as such, or so much thereof as shall be necessary to the Payment of such Fine, whatever may be the Purpose for which the fame may be sent or intended.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers who shall be concerned m levying, collecting or receiving any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, shall keep separate and distinct Accounts thereof; and that the several Distributors of Stamps in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, or Persons in charge as such, shall pay all Monies received by them for or by reason or on account of any of the said Stamp Duty or Duties, or of any Stamp Duty or Duties which shall or may from time to time be payable, or of any Penalties imposed by this Act, or by any other Act in anywise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of such Distributors or Persons iti charge as such respectiveljr, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, on every Day, or on such and f6 many Days in each Week as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners; and the Distributors of Stamps, dr Persons in charge as such in any other Parts ot Ireland, shall on Wednesday in every Week, unlhfs the same shall be a Holiday, and then on the next ensuing Day which shall not be a Holiday, or as speedily after such Wednesday or other Day as the Distance of such Distributors or Persons in charge ds such respectively shall permit, or as much oftener and at all such times as the said Distributors, or Persons in charge as Aich, shall be required by the said Commissioners, or any of them, pay or cause to be paid all Sums received by them in like manner and then in their Hands respectively, to the said Receiver General of Stamp Duties, rind the said Receiver General shall on each and every Day, or on such Day or Days in every Week as shall be directed for the Purpose by the said Commissioners, pay all Monies so received by him, and then in his Hands, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; and the said Receiver General shall on each Day after his making any such Payment into the said Exchequer, and every Distributor of Stamps, or Perfdfi in charge as such, on each Day after his or her making any such Payment to the said Receiver General, or on the first Opportunity after the said times respectively give Notice of such Payment, and of the Amount thereof, to the said Commissioners of Stamps; and if such Receiver General shall at any time neglect or omit to pay ititd the Receipt of His Majesty's said Exchequer the Sums so by him payable as aforesaid, at the time and in the manner aforesaid, or shall detain any Part of the Monies so by him payable, then and for every such Offence he shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his Hands, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds bt the Hundred by the Year, the same to be recovered with Costs of Suit by Action or Information, or by any other of the Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; froih Priblk Accountants or Debtors 5 and if any such Distributor or Distributors, or Persons in change ris such, shall ne-gled or omit to pay or cause to be paid to such Receiver General as aforesaid the Sums so by Wifr* her, Or them payable as aforesaid, or shall detain the Monies by him, her or them so payable as aforesaid* or any Part thereof, then for the First of such Offences he, she or they shall forfeit all and every the Discount, Per Centage or other Fee, Profit or Reward, to which such Person or Persons so offending would or might otherwise be entitled, for or by reason of the Sums so detained or so neglected, or omitted to be paid to such Receiver General 5 and for the Second of such Offences every such Distributor or Distributors, or Persons in charge as such, shall forfeit the said Discount, Per Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward, and shall also be charged with Interest for the Money so detained after the Rate of Six Pounds by the Year for every Hundred Pounds 5 the same to be recovered in the same manner and with like Costs as the Interest is recoverable from the said Receiver General as aforesaid; and the said Discount, Per Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward, so forfeited by such Distributor or Distributbrt, or Person in charge as such, shall in every of the said cases be paid to such Officer or Officers of the Stamps ris shall first discover and inform the said Commissioners of Stamps of such Neglect, Omission or Detention, if the said Commissioners of Stamps, or the major Part of them, shall think proper so to order the fame, aftd ifthty shall make no Order thereupon; it shall be carried to the Account of the Stamp Duties in Ireland,

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Average of the Monthly Sales of any such Distributor, or Person in charge as such, or of his Predecessor or Predecessors, for Twelve Months next preceding, shall not have exceeded the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Month, it shall and may be latffal to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps from time to time as often as they shall see just and necelfery Occasion, by Order under their Hands to enlarge and extend, for any time not exceeding One Months the time hereby allowed to such Distributors or Persons in charge as such respectively, for paying unto such Receiver General the several Sums by them respectively from time to time received as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, One Book in which all Monies which shall be paid into the said Treasury in Ireland, by virtue of this Act, ot of any Act or Acts for imposing of Stamp Duties, or for regulating the Management or Colledibn thereof in Ireland, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successor8, on any Account whatsoever; and that neither the Sixpence per Pound nor any other Fee shall be payable to or be deduded or received by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty* Treasury for or on account of the issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money arising by or which shall be received for or on account of any Stamp Duties or of any Payment to be made by the Receiver General of Stamp Duties in manner aforesaid, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all the Money paid into the said Treasury, on the Account of the said Duties, shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have been or who shall be respbdivdy employed in receiving, collecting or paying any Stamp Duties, shall exhibit their respective Accounts of such Duties to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Ireland for the time being, or the major

56 Geo. III. 5 G Part

m

Officer* to lceyp separate Accounts of Dutiet.

Distributor* to account in mao* ner hereto mentioned.

Receiver General to pay Monies receive! by him into the Irish Exchequer.

Receiver General detaining Money in his Hands to be charged nlper Cent. Interest.

Distributors ne$le£ting to pay in Money to Receiver, First Offence.

Second Offence. Penalty.

Where Monthly Sales of Distributor shall not have exceeded 20L

Commissioners may enlarge the time of Payment,

Book kept at Treasury, in which Stamp Duty entered separate from other Monies. No Fee.

Money carried to Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Accounts of Duties exhibited to Commissioners for auditing

778

Public Accounts when required.

Vouchers to be produced.

Accounts Ogned by Commissioners of Public Accounts a Discharge.

The Types and Stamps now or hereafter to be used at the Stamp Office, for denoting the Duties, shall be lawful

When there is no precise Stamp to denote the Duty, Two or more Stamps may be used.

Devices may be changed pr altered, of which Notice shall be given in Dublin Gazette.

Commissioners to provide such particular Stamps as shall be re-quisite.

Writings not having the proper Stamp to be as if written, &c. on Paper, &c.uot stamped.

Writing on Paper, &c. not having proper Stamp.

[Penalty.]

When Devices are changed and Notice given, Persons having Stamps in Hand

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Part of them, when called on by them, or any One or more of them, for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time to examine upon Oath the said Persons who shall be so employed in raising, receiving or collecting the said Duties, as to their said Accounts, and as to the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been by them, or any of them respectively, raised, collected, or received within the time of such their Accounts, and like wife what Part thereof shall have been by them, or any of them, paid to the Receiver General, or into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, and at what times respectively 5 and in accounting before the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, the said Persons shall produce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sums of Money by them received and paid; and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to audit and settle such Accounts; which said Accounts, when so audited and settled, shall be signed by the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, and shall be at all times, to the Officers therein concerned, a full and sufficient Warrant and Discharge to all Intents and Purposes, according to the true Intent, Meaning and Import thereof respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Types, Marks and Stamps which are already kept or used for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or on Playing Cards or on Dice, the several and respective Duties heretofore granted, or any of them, or which shall hereafter be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards or on Dice, the several and respective Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable thereon respect-lvely, by Law in Ireland, shall be the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for the stamping and impressing of all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, on which any of the several things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall from time to time be payable, have been or shall be engrossed or written, and for stamping Playing Cards or Dice according to Law 5 and that if at any time there shall not be any such Type, Mark or Stamp denoting precisely any of the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, to direct that Two or more of such Types, Marks or Stamps, the Duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the Stamp Duties so payable respect« tively, shall be used on the fame Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, for denoting such Duties, or at their Discretion to cause to be provided new Types, Marks or Stamps for denoting such Duties, or any of them, and to cause all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper chargeable with such Duties to be stamped or marked with the fame, and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct that such Devices, Stamps or Marks shall be used as may express the Amount of the Duty either directly in Words and Figures, or by Reference or Per Centage, or in any other manner whatsoever, whereby the same shall or may be sufficiently denoted.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Devices or Marks used or to be used for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards, or on Dice, the Stamp Duties which shall be payable from time to time, or any of them, may be discontinued, changed, varied or altered from time to time, and new or other Devices or Marks may be used in lieu of the Devices or Marks so discontinued, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland for the time being, shall think (it; provided that whensoever any of the Devices or Marks aforesaid shall be changed, varied or altered, then and in every such case public Notice of every such Change, Variation or Alteration shall be given by Advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and in some other public Newspaper, a convenient time before the Types, Marks or Stamps, on which such new Devices or Marks shall be made, shall be used.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland shall cause separate and particular Stamps or Marks to be used and provided when requisite, to denote the Duties which shall from time to time be payable, not only on any Article or Articles for which separate or particular Marks or Stamps shall be required from time to time by any Law or Laws, but also on such other Articles, matters and things as to the said Commissioners of Stamps from time to time shall seem requisite and necessary, or as the said Commissioners of Stamps shall be required to use or provide, by His Majesty, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being j and all such Articles, Matters and things respectively, which shall be issued or granted, made or written, after One Month from the Day on which public Notice shall have been or shall be given in the Dublin Gazette by the said Commissioners of Stamps, that such separate or new or particular Stamps or Marks for the fame have been or are respectively provided, and which shall be engrossed, written or printed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper without such Stamps or Marks, or having any other Stamps or Marks than those so provided or used for the Purposes aforesaid respectively, and also all other Matters in respect whereof any particular or appropriated Stamp shall be necessary, and which after such Notice shall be engrossed, written or printed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked with any of the said particular Stamps or Marks so appropriated, shall be of no other effect than if the said Matters respectively had been written or printed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped, although such improper Stamps respectively may be of the Amount by Law required, or of any greater Amount 5 and all Persons who shall so write or print any such Article, Matter or thing on any Paper, Vellum or Parchment having any such improper Stamp or Stamps thereon, shall incur and suffer such Penalty ap they would be liable to in case such Article, matter or thing respectively had been written or printed on Paper, Vellum or Parchment, not marked or stamped.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as often as the Devices or Marks aforesaid, or any of them, shall be changed, varied or altered, it (Kail be lawful for all Persons who shall, at the Times respectively of such Alteration or Change, have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked with the Impression of the Type, Mark or Stamp which shall have been so changed, varied or altered, and

14 upon

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

0.56.

upon which none of the matters or things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be payable, shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any time within the Space of Four Months after the Publication of such Advertisement as aforesaid, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the said Commissioners of Stamps, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to any Distributor of Stamps, or to any Person appointed to act as a Distributor of Stamps, and thereupon the proper Officer at such Stamp Office, and such Distributor or Person appointed to act as such respectively, shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered in lieu thereof, a Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, equal to that which shall have been so brought or sent as aforesaid, with the Impression of such new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the fame any Money or other Consideration whatsoever, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the said Stamps or Marks which have been so given or sent in shall in every such case be immediately cancelled; and in case any Person shall neglect or Omit within the time aforesaid to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said Commissioners or Officers as aforesaid, any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper so marked with any Type, Mark or Stamp, the Use of which shall be so discontinued, and which may be changed, varied or altered for any new Type, Mark or Stamp, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with such old or discontinued Stamp, shall be and is hereby declared to be of no other Effect than if such Vellum, Parchment or Paper had never been stamped, and that all matters and things which shall be engrossed or written thereon, after such time as shall be appointed by such Advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such new changed or altered Types, Marks or Stamps as aforesaid, shall be of no other Effect than if they had been engrossed or written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not marked or stamped, and all Persons who shall engross or write any matter or thing chargeable with any of the Duties aforesaid, on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, after the said time, shall incur and suffer such Penalty as is herein directed to be infii&ed on Persons writing or engrossing on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who hath written, printed, engrossed or executed, or who shall print, write, engross or execute any Record, Deed, Instrument, Copy, matter or thing in respect whereof any Stamp Duty is or shall be payable upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not duly stamped to denote the Payment of such Duty, and also every Person who in any other manner whatsoever is or shall be liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty, and who by any Contrivance, Neglect or Omission shall have avoided, neglected or omitted to pay any Stamp Duty which, in respect of any Act, ' matter or thing heretofore done or caused to be done by nim, or hereafter to be done or caused to be done by him, shall have been by JLaw payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Amount of such Duty, and such Duty and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt from such Person to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors 5 and that in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, upon Application to be made for that Purpose on Behalf of the said Commissioners of Stamps, upon such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the Court may appear sufficient, to grant a Rule requiring such Person or Persons to shew cause why he, she or they (hoiild not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamps an Account upon Oath of all such Duties so due, and why the fame should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every case in which the fame may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties, together with such Costs of Proceedings as the said Court shall think proper to award and direct.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Justice and Judges in Ireland shall without Allegation or Proof in that Behalf take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks and Stamps heretofore or now kept or used or to be hereafter kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties, which from time to time have been or shall be payable in Ireland; and that no Record, Deed, Instrument, Writing or Printing whatever, for which the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon the fame is or shall be written or printed, is or shall be, or at the time oPwriting or printing the fame was or shall have been by Law chargeable with any Stamp Duty, though such Law has been or shall have been repealed, shall on any Pretence whatsoever be pleaded or given or received in Evidence in any Court in Ireland, or admitted in any Court in Ireland to be good or available in Law or Equity, unless the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon the fame hath been or shall be so written or printed, shall be duly marked or stamped with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing or Printing respectively: Provided always, that if any Deed, Instrument or Writing, shall happen to be executed or written on any Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for such respective Ddfed, Instrument or Writing, at the time of the Execution thereof, the same shall be considered as duly stamped to all Intents and Purposes, except only in cases where such Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing, shall be of a Kind for which separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided as aforesaid, in which case the same shall not be considered as duly stamped, for or in respect of having thereon any Stamp to any Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unless such greater Stamp so impressed thereon shall be One of the Stamps or Marks io appropriated to such kind of Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or on any Occasion whatsoever, in any Court or Courts it shall be alledged by either Party, or if any Judge or Judges of any such Courts shall have any Reason to suspect that any Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps appearing on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon shall be written or printed any Record, Deed, Instrument, Writing or Printing, produced before such Court or Courts, is or are or may be forged or counterfeited, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Judge or Judges, and he or they is and are hereby required to make Enquiry thereupon, and to'receive thereupon

5 G 2 such

779

may hive them taken in Exchange within Four Month*.

[Penalty.]

After Period of Four Months the old Sumps to be considered of no Effect.

Persons evading the Duty to be still liable, and the Court of Exchequer may enforce Payment.

Rule to shew cause granted by Exchequer.

No Deed or Writing to be given in Evidence unless stamped with the proper Sump.

Deeds, &c. written on a Stamp of a greater Amount, confi. dered as duly damped:

Except where separate Sumps are provided.

Courts to determine in cases where Stamps are alledged to be Forgeries.

7$9

Commissioners may appoint fit Persons to attend Courts to examine Sumps.

Prices fixed at which Vellum, Parchment and Paper fold, and Persons may either buy the lame, or bring their own to be stamped.

Forging Stamps, or fraudulently using them, &c.

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

such Information and Evidence on Oath as shall be offered by either Party, or as it shall be within the Power of such Judge or Judges to obtain, and to decide and determine whether such Stamp or Stamps is or are genuine or forged or counterfeited; and such Determination and Decision shall, as to the Purposes of the Trial or Occasion on which the same shall be made, but no further, be final and conclusive.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being shall and may from time to time, as they shall see Occasion, appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ireland, which Person or Persons shall have full Power and Authority to inspect and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon which any of the matters or things in respect of which any Stamp Duty shall at any time be payable shall have been engrossed or written or put, and al£o the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to secure the Duties which have been or shall from time to time be payable upon Ramped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland; and that the Judges in the several Courts in Ireland, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the RequeR of the said Commissioners, or of any of them, shall make such Orders in their respective Courts, and do such other matters and things for the better securing of the said Duties as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf.

XXXVI. And, for the better DiRribution of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and in order that all Persons may have the fame with Convenience and at an easy Rate, be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall, as often as he or they shall think proper, set the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall be sold g and the said Commissioners of Stamps shall Ramp the Prices so set upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and on every Piece or Sheet of Paper so by them to be sold; and that the said Commissioners shall take special Care that the several Parts of Ireland shall from time to time be sufficiently furnished with such Vellum, Parchment and Paper, Ramped or marked as aforesaid, so that all Persons may have k in their Election to buy the fame of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners at the usual Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be Ramped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall be legally entitled to utter, vend or sell the same*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any Part of the United Kingdom of Grc* Britain and Ireland, or of any of the Dominions thereto belonging, shall couoterfek or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Die* Mark or Stamp, to referable or reprefeat, or be mif-taken for any Type, Dye, Mark or Stamp at any time heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dub&n, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be Ramped, any of the Stamp Duties payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which has been or shall be at any time in force in Ireland, although such Act or Act? may not be in force, or such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp may not be kept or used at the said Stamp Office at the time of such forging or counterfeiting; or if any Person or Persons save and except such Person or Persons as shall be lawfully entitled and authorized to have and to use the fame for the Purpose of Ramping Vellum, Parchmeot or Paper, or other matter directed to be Ramped by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being) shall have in his, her or their Possession, any Type, Die or Mark or Stamp made to referable or represent, or be miRaken for any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said Stamp Office, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be Ramped, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable as aforesaid, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, shall not he then kept or used at the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable iu Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall mark or imprrfs, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter which heretofore was or hereafter shall be directed to be Ramped, any Device, Mark or Impression to referable or represent, or be miRaken for any Device, Mark or Impression which has been or mail be used, kept or made, marked or impressed at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter or thing so directed to be Ramped, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament which shall be or shall have been in force in Ireland at or before the time when such Mark, Device or Impression shall have been so used, kept or made, marked or impressed, at the said Office, although such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Device, Mark or Impression may not be used or kept, marked or impressed at the said Office, at the time of such Offence committed; or if any Person or Persons shall use, utter, vend or sell, or cause to be used, littered, vended or sold, or shall have in his or her Possession, with Intent to use, utter, vend or sell the same, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter, with any Counterfeit, Device, Mark or Impression thereon, to referable or represent, or be miRaken for any Device, Mark, or Impression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, although not then used or kept for the said Purposes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, knowing such Device, Mark or Impression to be counterfeited, or if any Officer or Officers in the Employment of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any other Person or Persons whatever, shall with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, or be aiding, abetting or affifiing in marking or impressing, or in causing or procuring to be marked or impressed any Stamp, Mark or Impression, denoting any of the said Stamp Duties on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be Ramped, not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the Purpose of being Ramped with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, ^hich has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable under or by virtue of

11 any

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 5S. 781

any Act of Parliament, although such Type* Die, Mark or Stamp shall not be then Inept at the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, or if any Person or Persons shall* with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowingly have in his, her or their Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter required to be damped, so fraudulently damped or marked with any Mark or Stamp to denote any of the aforesaid Duties, then and in every of the said cases, any and Felony, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully caavifted* shall be adjuged a Felon, and shall be transported for Life.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vellum, Parchment or Paper shall at any Licensed Per-time be found in the Possession of any Person licensed to deal in and retail Stamps in Ireland^ or who shall Tons havingcoim-have been so licensed within Six Calendar months then next preceding, having impressed thereon any coim- tfr(eit 10 terfeit Device, Mark or Impredion to resemble or represent, or intended or liable to be mistaken for any ^Se toffie Device, Mark or Impredion which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid, penalties of for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, although such Device, Mark or Impression shall not then be used vending forged or kept for the said Purposes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then pay- Stamps, unless it able in Ireland, then and in every such case the Person in whose Possession such Vellum, Parchment or be proved that Paper shall be so found shall be deemed and taken to have so had the fame in his or her Podession with

Intent to use, utter or vend the fame with such counterfeit Device, Mark or Impredion thereon, unless the stamp Office, or contrary shall be satisfactorily proved, and shall also be deemed and taken to have had such Vellum, Parchment of some Distri-or Paper, so in his or her Podession, knowing the Stamps, Devices, Marks or Impressions thereon to be butor. forged, false and counterfeited, and such Person shall be liable to all Penalties and Punishments by Law imposed or indicted upon Persons uffng, uttering or vending false, forged or counterfeit Stamps, or having such false, forged or counterfeit Stamps in their Podedion, knowing the same to be forged, unless such Person shall in all cases satisfactorily prove that such Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and the Stamps thereon, was or were procured by or for such Person at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from some Distributor of Stamps in Ireland.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That on Complaint made before any One JufUce of the Peace upon Houses of Pw-the Oath of One credible Witness, that there is just cause to suspect any One or more Person or Persons of fonsfufpeffed of being or having been concerned in making any false or counterfeit Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or of unlaw-

fully having any such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp in his or her Podession, or of unlawfully marking or impressing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with any such Device, Mark or Impredion, or of unlawfully fetched, having in his or her Podession, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter with any counterfeit Device,

Mark or Impredion thereon, or of unlawfully or fraudulently marking or impressing, or caudng or procuring to be marked or impressed, or of aiding, abetting or assisting in 'marking or impressing, or in caudng or procuring to be marked or impressed, any Stamp, Mark or Impression on any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, not delivered to him under the Authority of the Commissioners of Stamps, or of knowingly having in his or her Podession any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter as aforesaid, unlawfully or fraudulently stamped or marked contrary to any of the Purposes or Regulations contained in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, then and in each and every or any of the said cases it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice by Warrant under his Hand to cause Premises may be the Dwelling House, Room, Work Shop, Out House, or other Building, Yard, Garden or other Place entered and belonging to such suspected Person or Persons, or where any such Person or Persons shall be suspected to Marched, carry on any such marking or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or any such Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, or any of the Machinery necessary or applicable for or to the making any such Impredion as aforesaid, to be (earched for any such Type, Die, Mark, Stamp,

Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Machinery or other matter or thing whatsoever; and if any of the (hid several matters and things shall be found in any Place so searched, or in the Custody or Podession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, not having the fame by some lawful Authority* it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so finding the fame, to seize, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to seize the fame respectively, and to carry the fame forthwith to the Justice by whom such Warrant shall be granted, or to any other Justice of the Peace of the County, City, District or Place where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof, and afterwards all and every the said matters and things so seized, whether so produced in Evidence or not, shall by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, as such Court or such Justice shall dire ft,

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, whereon any of the matters or Vellum, tec, to things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, shall be engrossed or written, shaft previous to ffich engrossing or writing be stamped and marked with the proper Marks or Stamps to denote the Pay- ore engro ment of the proper Duty thereon respectively, and the Commissioners of Stamps and their Officers are hereby required upon Demand of any Person or Persons bringing any Vellum, Parchmtftt or Paper, to the Stamp Office in Dublin, forthwith without any Fee or Reward to stamp or mark the fame with any of the Stamps or Marks which shall be then used at the said Office, and which such Person shall require, save and except such Marks or Sumps as shall be then confined as hcreia after mentioned, to be impressed only on Paper, having the Water Mark of the said Stamp Office, ) such Person or Persons paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf the respective Duties which they shall require to have so damped or marked on such Vellum* Parchment or Paper, so brought by him* her or thenu

Fixing Sumps < before Duty paid or duly secured.

[Penalty.]

Stamps becoming inapplicable may be stamped with new or additional Stamps on Difference being paid.

Sumps spoiled from being written upon and not used may be exchanged for others, Oath being made to certain Particulars.

Proviso as to time within which Paper,

&c. to be brought to Commissioners.

[Proviso.]

Relief for Stamps on Instruments found to be void, &c.

Time within which Application mud be made.

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of Stamps or any Officer of the Commissionen of Stamps shall fix or impress any such Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid to be stamped or marked, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby shall>e duly answered or paid (or duly secured to be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in such cases where such Security may by Law be taken), every such Commissioner of Stamps or Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also be answerable for all and every such Duty as if such Commissioner or Officer had duly received such Duty or Duties, and shall for that Purpose be deemed and taken to have received the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, under or by the Provisions of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, any Stamps shall at any time be or become inapplicable to or insufficient for the Purposes for which the fame were intended, then and whenever it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any of them, upon Request of any Person or Persons producing any Vellum* Parchment or Paper damped with such Stamp or Stamps, to order, if they shall think proper so to do, that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper be damped with any new or additional or other Stamp or Stamps, denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requeding the same shall require, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given paying the Difference in Amount (if any) between thfe Stamps which shall have been fird impressed or marked on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and such Stamps as mall be so required to be impressed or marked on the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof on Oath or solemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the said Commissioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by them in that Behalf appointed, (and which Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hereby empowered to adminider, ) to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner or Officer, that any Deed or Indrument written or printed upon any damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, hath not been executed or signed by any Party or Parties, or that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath not been used for any of the Purposes for which the fame was or were intended, and that the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other Person on his Account, received, and that such Person will not receive any Money or other Consideration for the Stamp thereupon, and that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath been paid for by such Person to the full Amount of the Duty thereon, and that such Person will be a Loser to such Amount unless such Person shall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof; and upon the Person or Persons who shall produce such Proof delivering such damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper rendered unfit for Use as aforesaid, and delivering at the same time a like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be damped, then and in every such case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be damped or marked with the several and respective Duties damped, marked or impressed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper so rendered unfit for Use, or with any other Duties which may be required, the Person so requiring the fame fird paying the Difference of the Amount (if any): Provided always, that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper so damped, shall be brought to the Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin within Six Calendar months next after the same shall have been so engrossed or written upon, if the same shall belong to any Person or Persons resident in Dublin, or within Ten Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within Twelve Calendar months after the same shall have been so engrossed or written upon, if such Stamps shall belong to Persons resident elsewhere: Provided also, that the said Commissioners, or any Officer under their Authority, shall not be required or obliged to impress on any Paper, Parchment or Vellum so brought any Stamp or Marls which shall then be confined to Paper having the Water Mark of the said Stamp Office.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of any such Stamps as shall have been used for or upon any Presentations to Ecclesiastical Benefices which shall not be followed by Inditution; or for or upon any Indruments which shall have been signed by any Party or Parties, but which shall have been afterwards found to be absolutely void in Law from the Beginning, or which by reason of any Error or Midake therein shall have been afterwards found unfit for the Purpose originally intended, or which by reason of the Death of any Person whose Signature shall have been necessary thereto without having signed the fame, or by reason of the Refusal of any such Person to sign the fame cannot be compleated so as to effect the Transaction in the Form proposed, or which for want of the Signature of some material and necessary Party shall have in fa& become incomplete and insufficient for the rurpose intended, or which by reason of the Refusal of any Person to act under the fame, or by the Refusal or Nonacceptance of any Office or Trud thereby granted shall have failed of their intended Purpose, or which for want of Inrolment within the time required by Law shall have become null and void, or which shall have become useless in consequence of the Transaction therein mentioned being effected by some other Indrument or Indruments duly damped, so that the Indrument for which an Allowance of Stamps shall be claimed, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be delivered up to the said Commissioners to be cancelled; and provided the Application for the Relief which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give shall be made within Six Calendar months after the Date of the Indrument in auedion, except where the same shall have become void for want of Inrolment within Six Calendar months from the Date, and in those cases within Six Calendar months next after the same shall so become void; and except where the same shall have been sent abroad, and in those cases within Six Calendar months after the same shall have been received back 5 and provided no Action shall have been brought or Suit commenced in which such Indrument could or would have been given or offered in Evidence 5 and provided all the Fads upon which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give Relief shall be duly proved by Oath (or solemn Affirmation in the £afe of Quakers) to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

c. 56. 783

[Penalty.]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to cancel Stamps may be and rive other Stamps iu lieu of all such Stamps as shall have been used for any Bills of Exchange or Promis- inu^j fa fory Notes, which shall have been signed by or on the Behalf of the Drawers thereof, but which mall not have Bills of Ex-been delivered out of their Hands to the Payees therein named, or to any Person on their Behalf, or deposited change and with any Person as a Security for the Payment of Money, or any way negociated, issued, or put in Circulation, Notes not deli-or made use of in any other manner whatsoever 5 and which Bills of Exchange shall not have been accepted veredout, &c. by the Drawees, or tendered for such Acceptance, provided that such Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes shall be brought for Allowance and be delivered up to the said Commissioners, at their Stamp Office in Dublin, to be cancelled within Six Calendar months next after the Date of such Bills and Notes, or after the signing of the fame, if they shall not bear Date; and provided all the Fads upon which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give Relief shall be fully proved by Oath (or solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers) to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to Regulations in make such Rules and Regulations, and to require Affidavits (or solemn Affirmations in the case of Quakers) regard to Allow-of all such Fads and Circumstances, in regard to the Allowance of Stamps in all or any of the cases aforesaid, aoce or mps' as they shall in their Discretion judge necessary or expedient for the Purpose of preventing Frauds and Eva-fions, such Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, or before any Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and such Officers are, hereby respectively authorized to take the fame, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath engrossed or written at any time (ince the Writing any Commencement of any Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time hereafter engross or Deeds, &c. write, or cause to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper any of the matters or things before duly for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the time of such Writing or Engrossment was or shall be charge- stampc<1, able with any Stamp Duty save and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons) before such time as the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath been or shall be marked or stamped with such Mark or Stamp as was or shall be by Law required for the fame, or hath or have engrossed or written the fame, or caused the same to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write the fame, or cause the same to be engrossed or written upon any Veuum, Parchment or Paper not damped with any Duty, or damped or marked for any lower Duty than the Duty payable at the time, in respect of what hath been or shall be so engrossed or written thereon, then and in every such case there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Remainder or the whole of the Amount of the Duty (as the case may be) 10 payable by Law for every such Deed, Indrument or Writing, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be damped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of such Deed, Indrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and above such Duty, or Remainder of Duty, payable as aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby required, On certain Pay-upon Payment or Tender of such Duty, or Remainder of Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty m*nti Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and damp such Vellum, Parchment or Instruments to Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Indrument or Writing respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it any Person hath engrossed or written, at any time since the Commencement of any Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time hereafter engross or fcn*.iUnu(jnK write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any of the matters or things for which Vellum, Parchment or a so^ed Stamps Paper, at the time of such Writing or Engrofiment was or shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty upon any proving that it Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with any forged or counterfeit Stamp or Mark, then and in every such was bought at case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons (other than such Person or Persons who shall have engrossed StamP of-or written or caused to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write or cause to be enprofied or written, have the Instru-any such matter or thing upon any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with any forged or counterfeit ment properly Stamp, knowing such Stamp, to be forged or counterfeited, and other than such Person who shall have im-. jumped, on pressed any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or shall have caused the same to be imprefied with any such making certain counterfeit Stamp or Mark, ) to bring such Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp Office in Dublin, to be l>a>ments-damped with the Stamps or Marks denoting the Duty payable by Law thereon, and there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Amount of such Duty so payable by Law, for every such Deed,

Indrument or Writing, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be damped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of such Deed, Indrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above such Duty so payable as aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and damp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Indrument or Writing respectively 5 provided also that if it shall be made to appear by Testimony on Oath to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Stamps, that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having any such counterfeit Stamp or Stamps thereon, and whereon any such Matter shall have been so engrossed or written, was bought with such Stamps thereon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from any Distributor or Sub Diilributor of Stamps, or from any Person licensed to fell Stamps, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, if they shall think proper so to do, to order the fame respectively to be duly damped with Stamps of the fame Description and Amount without the Payment of any Stamp Duty or Penalty whatsoever.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Indrument save and except a Bill or Note of any Instruments en-Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons) shall have been engrossed or written on Parchment, Vellum'Sro^inadver-

or tently without

receive proper Stamp.

Persons un-

784 C. 56.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

proper Stamp, brought to Stamp Office within Sixty Days, Commissioners may remit Penalty and

Instruments executed out of Ireland may be damped within certain Periods, without Payment of additional Duty.

Commissioners may provide Frames for making Paper with the Words " Stamp Office1* visible in the Substance thereof.

Persons not au-

marked with the Words " Stamp Office,* See.

or Paper, not duly {lamped, and it shall satisfactorily appear to the said Commissioners of Stamps, upon Oath or Affirmation or otherwise, that the fame hath happened either by Accident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity or unavoidable Circumstances, and without any Intention in any Party to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duty chargeable upon such Instruments, then and in any of the said canes, if such Instrument shall, within Sixty Days from the First Execution thereof, be brought to the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, to be {lamped, and the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument mail be paid, it shall and esufe them to be may ^e lawful for such Commissioners, if they shall think proper so to do, to remit any Penalty parable on stampe/ stamping such Instrument or any Part thereof so executed without being stamped, and to cause such Instru-

ment to be damped with the proper Stamp 5 and every Person concerned in engrossing any such Instrument or executing the same shall be thereupon exempt from all Penalties on account thereof,

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby authorized to (lamp any Instrument executed out of Ireland, upon Payment of the Stamp Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time when such Deed shall be required to be so damped, without Payment of any Additional Duty or Penalty, within the Space of Six Calendar months from the First Execution thereof respectively, in case of the fame being so executed in any Part of the United Kingdom, or within the Space of Two Years from the First Execution thereof, in case of the fame being so executed in any Place out of the United Kingdom, Proof being first made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissionm that such Instrument was executed out of Ireland, and in the United Kingdom, or out of the United Kingdom, as the case may be, and within the times aforesaid respectively.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, if they shall think proper so to do, to provide Moulds or Frames for the making of Paper, to be used for any Instrument or Instruments for which Stamps shall be required, and which shall be ufkally written on Paper, and for which they shall think proper to provide such Paper, and that such Moulds and Frames shall be so constructed as that the Words " Stamp Office, " either alone or with such Figures as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think proper, shall be visible in the Substance of such Paper, and to cause such Paper to be made by such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorized and appointed by the said Commissioners under Hand and Seal.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not being an Officer, Workman, Servant or Agent

thorized, making for the time being of the said Commissioners of Stamps, and authorized and appointed by them for that Purpose or ufiitg Paper and for their Use only, shall make or use, or cause or procure to be made or used, or knowingly aid or assist in making or using, or, without being authorized and appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly nave in his, her or their Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall be on the Person accused, any Frame, Mould or Instrument for the making of Paper in the Substance whereof the Words 49 Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words would be visible, or in the Substance whereof any Device or Distinction would be visible peculiar to and appearing* in the Substance of the Paper which shall from time to time be used by the Commissioners of Stamps as aforesaid; or shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or assist in making any Paper in the Substance whereof there shall be visible the said Words «* Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words* or any such Device or Distinction peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper which shall be so used by the said Commissioners of Stamps 5 or if any Person, not being authorized or appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his or her Custody or Possemon, without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall be on the Person accused, any Paper whatsoever in the Substance whereof there shall be visible the Words Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words, or any Device or Distinction peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of Paper so from time to time used by the said Commissioners; or if any Person, not being authorized or appointed as aforesaid, shall by any Art, Device, Mystery or Contrivance cause or procure, or knowingly aid or assist in causing or procuring to appear in the Substance of any Paper whatsoever the Words M Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words, or any such Device or Distinction peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper which shall be so used by the said Commissioners of Stamps, every Person so offending in any of the said cases, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for such Offence be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the term of his or her Life.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all matters and things in respect whereof any of the said Stamp Duties shall be payable, shall be written or printed or written and printed in such manner (and if printed or written in applicable toany P*11 or ent^re^y before beinjr stamped shall be so stamped) that some Part of the Writing or Printing thereof -shall be on the Stamps or Marks which shall in pursuance of any Act or Acts then in force be placed on the

Vellum or Parchment or Paper thereof, and such Writing or Printing shall from thence be so continued in the usual Form of writing, printing or engrossing Deeds or Writings, so that no blank Space shall be left whereby such Stamps might be made applicable to any other Deed or Instrument whatsoever, upon Pain that the Person who shall so write, engross or print or damp, or cause to be written, engrossed or printed or stamped, any such Writirg, matter or thing contrary to the true Intent and meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Public Officer shall in any case be entitled to or be allowed Credit in Account either by the Commissioners of Civil or Military Officers vouched Accounts, or in any other way, or on any Occasion whatsoever, for any Sum or Sums whatsoever as paid to 'I*?*- or for the Use of any Public Officer, Servant or Pensioner, for or on account of any Salaiy, Profit, Emolu pt8' ment, Fee, Reward or Pension, unless such Payment shall be vouched by a Receipt for the lame duly damped,

where a Stamp shall be required by Law.

or assisting,

Felony.

Writing to cover the Sumps that

other Deed.

[Penalty.]

Payment of Salaries to Public

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 5&.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Playing Cards or Dice shall be uttered, vended, fold, or exposed to Sale, or played with, or shall be kept by any Person with Intent to utter, vend, sell or expose to Sale, or play with the fame, which shall not be duly sealed, marked and stamped respectively, according to Law, upon Pain that every Person who shall utter, vend, sell or expose to Sale, or knowingly play with, or have in his or her Possession with Intent to utter, vend, sell or play with the fame, any such Cards or Dice which shall not be so sealed, marked or stamped, shall forfeit for every such Pack of Cards, or for every such Die so uttered, vended, fold or exposed to Sale, or played with, or so in his or her Possession with Intent to utter, vend, sell or play with the fame, the Sum of Five Pounds,

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall engross, write or print, or cause to be engrossed, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any Instru-raent, Writing or thing for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper ought, according to the Laws which shall be then in force, to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty, or shall utter, issue, accept, receive or knowingly have in his or her Possession, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having such Instrument, Writing, matter or thing engrossed, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed thereon, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper being then not duly marked or stamped with such Mark or Stamp as shall be by Law required for such Instrument, Writing, matter or thing, at the time of so engrossing, writing or printing the fame, or being marked or stamped for any lower Duty or Duties than the Duty or Duties which shall be then by Law payable thereon in respect of the matter or thing so engrossed, written or printed thereon, or being marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp which shall have been previously used for any other Purpose, such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons shall at any time file or cause to be filed in any Court of Law or Equity any Pleading, Affidavit or other Proceeding, matter or thing whatsoever, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, and there shall not be any time exprefdy allowed by Law for stamping the fame after the filing thereof, and that such Pleading, Affidavit, Proceeding, matter or thing shall not at the time of filing thereof be duly stamped, then and in every such case every Person who shall so file the: fame, or cause the same to be filed, and also every Officer of such Court who shall receive the same, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case any Clerk, Officer or other Person, who in respect of any Office or Employment is or mall be entitled or entrusted to make, engross or write any Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, which shall be then chargeable with a Stamp Duty under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which shall be then existing or in force in Ireland, or to issue any Process, or to nle any .Proceedings, or to do any Act in the Execution of his Office with respect to any Article, matter or thing chargeable with any such Duty, shall be guilty of any Fraud, Practice or Neglect, by means whereof His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may be defrauded of any such Duty by making, engrossing or writing any such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing, or by causing the same to be made, engrossed or written upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not duly marked or stamped according to such Laws or Law as shall be then existing and in force, or upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or stamped with any Mark, Stamp or Impression, which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by engrossing or writing any such Record, Deed, Instrument or other Writing upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be marked or stamped for a lower Duty than the Duty which shall be then by Law payable for the fame, or by neglecting to do any thing required by him to be done in the Execution of his Office, or by doing any thing contrary to the Duty of his Office in relation to any Stamp Duty or Duties, that then and m every such cale, such Clerk, Officer or Person so guilty of any such Fraud, Practice or Nesleft shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and if any Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, on which any such Stamp is or shall be by Law charged and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall, contrary to the true Intent and meaning of this Act, be written or engrossed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, not being a known Clerk or Officer who in respect of any Office or Employment is or shall be entitled to the making, writing or engrossing the fame upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not marked or stamped according to Law, or shall be written or engrossed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked or damped for a lower Duty than is by Law payable thereon, (except under the Rules, Regulations and Directions in this Act contained, ) then and in every such case there shall be due and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing, over and above the Stamp Duty charged and payable thereon by Law, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and no such Entry, Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court, or by any Person, to be good, useful or available in Law or in Equity, until as well such Stamp Duty, as the said Sum of Ten Pounds, shall be first paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the fame, under the Hand or Hands of some Officer appointed to receive the Duties of Stamps, nor until the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, on which such Record, Entry, Deed or Instrument or Writing shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with the proper Stamp or Mark to denote the Duty payable thereon; and the proper Officer or Officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty and the Sum of Ten Pounds unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark or (lamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp proper for such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer in any Court or Public Office in Ireland*, who shall usually aft in Person in such matters, and the known Deputy of any Officer who shall not usually so aft, in whose Office any Pleading, Affidavit, Proceeding, matter or thing shall have been received, shall, as to the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to have received the fame; and that every Clerk, Officer, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall make, engross or write, or cause to be made, engrossed or written, any such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing, upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked or stamped with any 56 Geo. III. 5 H Mark,

>85

Cards and Dice; exposed to Sale; to be duty stamped.

[Penalty.]

Persons not to engroft, or hjve in their Possession, Instruments without the proper Stamps.

[Penalty.]

Law Proceedings not to he filed without the proper Stamps.

[Penalty.]

Officers entrulL ed to write Records, &c. defrauding the Revenue.

[Penalty.]

Such Records, Sec. when written by other Persons than known Officers to pay a certain Sum he-fides the Duty.

Offiser on Payment, Sec. of Duty and lot. to give a Receipt.

Officers in Courts or Offices engrossing Records, &c. on counterfeited Stamps, deemed to have known

786

the feme, unlefg they prove they were bought at the Stamp Office, &c.

Evading Duly by Mifying Dates, erasing Names, taking off Stamps.

[Penalty.]

Deeds considered as not damped. Proviso,

Certificates of Duty being paid to be produced on Advocates, Attornies, See. applying for Ad-toilfions.

Persons granting such Certificates to keep Books.

Diilributor to trensmit Books to Stamp Office In Dublin.

Duty of Registrar of Chancery.

Apprentices to Attornies, See. to obtain like Certificates of Duties having been paid.

Advocates, Attornies, Sec. not perrftitted to all unless their Names written m Books kept by

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Mark, or Stamp, or Impression which shall be counterfeited, shall, in any Proceeding for the Recovery of the Penalty in that respect aforesaid, be deemed and taken to have known such Mark, Stamp or Impression to be counterfeited, unless he shall prove that the fame was bought at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or at the Office of some Distributor or Sub-distributor of Stamps, or in the Office or Shop of a Person duly licensed to fell Stamps.

LVm. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, for the Purpose of evading any of the Stamp Duties which shall at any time be payable under any Act or Acts then in force in Ireland> execute any damped Instrument without a Date, or bearing Date prior to such Execution thereof, or shall fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Date, Sum or thing engrossed or written in such Instrument, matter or thing as aforesaid, or if any Person shall fraudulently cut, tear or take off any Mark or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Mark or Stamp for any other Writing, matter or thing in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, then and in every of the said cases every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds 5 and any Deed, Instrument or Writing, wherein any of the said Frauds shall have been committed in order to make the fame appear to be duly stamped shall be deemed not to have been duly stamped; provided nevertheless, that if any Deed or Instrument shall have been duly executed by any of the Parties thereto, on the Day when the fame bears Date, such Deed or Instrument may be lawfully executed at any time afterwards by the other Parties thereto, or any of them, notwithstanding any intervening Change in the Stamp Duty or Duties payable on such Deed or Instrument, if the same shall have been duly stamped at the time of such prior Execution thereof, and such Deed or Instrument shall, in such case, be deemed to be duly stamped.

LIX. And be it Further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Person wh-shall apply to be sworn or admitted an Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk or other Officer in any Court in Ireland\ in respect of whose Admission any Stamp Duty shall be payable 5 ora Student in the King* Inns, or to the Degree of a Barrister in the said King's Inns, shall, previous to being so sworn or admitted, pro«-duce and deliver to the proper Officer, to whom he shall apply to be so admitted, a Certificate, signed under the Hand or Hands of some Person appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, Hating that such Person has paid such Duty as shall be then by Law payable on or in respect of such Admission, and dating the Amount of such Duty; which Certificate shall remain in the Custody of such cer, to be used and disposed of as herein after mentioned; and that every such Officer, shall keep Two Book*, in each of which the Names of all Persons who, after the Commencement of this Act, shall be admitted by him as aforesaid, together with the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid by every such Person, according to such Cen-tificate, shall be fairly written in due and regular Order; and such Officer shall, Four times in every Year, on the Second Monday in January, the Second Monday in Aprils the Second Monday in JWy, and the Second Monday in 03obert deliver or cause to be delivered, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, if such Admission shall take place in the County or County of the City of Dublin, to such Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps, and if such Admission shall take place in any other Part of Ireland, \ then to the Distributor of Stamps in whose District such Admission shall take place, at the Office of such Distributor, one of the said Books, w^th the Names of all Persons so admitted, and the Sums paid by them as aforesaid, so written therein, together with all the said Certificates so delivered by the several Persons* if any, who shall have been so admitted in the Quarter of a Year ending on the Quarter Day preceding the Delivery of such Book; and every such Distributor shall forthwith transmk to the Stamp Office in Dublin every such Book, together with the Certificates so delivered to him therewith; and every such Book, which shall be so delivered at or transmitted to the said Stamp Office in Dublin, shall be forthwith examined by an Officer appointed for that Purpose, and shall be compared with the Certificates accompanying the fame 5 and if they shall be found to agree, then such Officer shall certify at the Foot of the Names then entered in such Book, the Number of Admissions appearing therein for the last Quarter, and that the proper Stamp Duty has been paid thereon; and thereupon such Books shall be stamped with One or more Stamp or Stamps denoting the Payment of such Duty, and shall be returned without any unnecessary Delay to the proper Officer of such Court.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in the Court of Chancery the proper Officer for keeping such Books and for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be the Registrar of the said Court or his Deputy.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be bound an Apprentice to any Attorney, Proctor, Notary Public in Ireland, shall in like manner obtain from some Person appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps a written Certificate of having paid the Duty which shall be by Law payable on such Indenture of Apprenticeship at the time of executing the fame, which Certificate shall be lodged with the proper Officer of the Court in which such Indentures shall be enrolled, or of the Court or One of the Courts to which the Mailer of such Apprentice shall belong, or in case of Notaries, with the Registrar of the Court of Prerogative 5 and the Officer or Officers of such Court is and are hereby required to take charge of and keep such Certificate, so that the fame may and shall be produced and read in open Court before any such Person shall be admitted to be an Attorney; Proctor or Notary, and shall be produced to a Master of the Court of Chancery in Ireland before any such Person shall be admitted and sworn a Solicitor in the said Court of Chancery as aforesaid.

LXir. And be it further enacted, That no Person in respect of whose Admission any Stamp Duty shall be payable shall be capable of practising or acting as an Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk or other Officer in any Court whatsoever in Ireland, nor admitted to the Privilege of a Student, or to act as a Barrister, under or by virtue of any Admission made after the Commencement of this Act, nor shall any such Admission be valid or effectual, unless his Name shall appear so written in the said Books required by this Act to be kept

as

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII m. C. 56. 787

a* aforesaid, or in such of them as shall from time to time be in the Possession of the proper Officer, and shall the proper Ofll-be duly stamped as aforesaid; and that no such Officer shall deliver the fame Bock in Two successive Quarters, £fr for granting but that one of the said Books shall be delivered as aforesaid in January and in July, and the other of the said Certl catcfc Books in April and 0Bober, so as that such of the said Books as shall from time to time remain in the Hands of the proper Officer shall appear to have been inspected and stamped at the Stamp Office in its Turn.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Books shall be kept so as to agree as nearly as possible Put7 of Officer with each other, and that whenever any such Book shall be returned from the Stamp Office as aforesaid to the such

proper Officer, such Officer shall forthwith cause to be fairly and regularly entered therein the Names of all Persons admitted while such Book was out of his possession, so as to correspond in that respect with the other of the said Books which remained in his Possession; and if any such Officer shall neglect or omit so to deliver or cause to be delivered any such Book as aforesaid, together with such Certificates conformable thereto, at the times and in manner hereinbefore required, or shall omit to make an Entry of any Admission in any such Book as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 and if such Officer shall Penalty* wilfully deface or destroy any such Book, or make any false Entry therein, or shall, without the Order of the Erafiag, &c. Court or other competent Authority, erase or alter any Entry therein, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any of the said matters to be done, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney shall practise in his own Name or in the Name of any Attorniee t other Attorney, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, or m any Court of Record whatsoever in Irelandnlyn

in which Attornies are admitted, except only in such Court or Courts in which he shall actually have been ^kbtdmitted admitted and sworn an Attorney, on Pain of the Person so practising being rendered incapable of being fwora 1C*e*or practising as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in Ireland; and every Attorney who shall so practise in any Court in which he shall not have been admitted and sworn an Attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the Costs of any Proceedings carried on by him in any Court.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person admitted, sworn, enrolled and registered as a Solicitor Attornies, && to or Attorney, or as a Proctor, Agent or Procurator, in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, or in any deliver annually Ecclesiastical Court or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea,t Stamp Office, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or more, shall annually, before he shall commence, Note carry on or defend any Action, Suit or Proceeding whatsoever in any of the said Courts, deliver or cause to Ltin§^\vhether be delivered to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or to some Officer or Officers appointed by them for that ihCy Lure beeu Purpose at the Stamp Office in Dublin, a Paper or Note in Writing, containing the Name and usual Place of admitted Three Residence of such Person, and stating whether he has been so admitted Three Years or not; and thereupon Yean or not, and upon Payment of the Duties which shall then be by Law imposed on him as such Solicitor, Attorney, Proctor, on Pa7"| Agent or Procurator, according to the time he has been admitted, as dated in such Paper or Note in Writing, every Cemficate. such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate duly stamped, to denote the Payment of the said Duty by him, describing him in such Certificate according to the Description contained in the said Note so given m by him, which Certificate the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, shall cause to be immediately issued under the Hand and Name of the proper Officer, in such manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall devise.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate issued to any Solicitor or Attorney, Such Certificates Proctor, Agent or Procurator, under the Directions of this Act, shall bear Date on the Day on which the in force till fame shall be issued, and shall commence and be of force on and from the Day of issuing the fame, or on and 6th Jamuiy. from the Sixth Day of January next following, according as the Person obtaining the same shall desire, and every such Certificate shall cease and determine on the Sixth Day of January next after the Day on which the lame shall so commence and be of force.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every annual Certificate so to be obtained as aforesaid shall be Annual Certifi-produced in every Court in which the Person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn or registered, cates to be proto some Officer or Officers of the said Court, to be appointed for that Purpose by the Judges of the said ducod in Court Courts-respectively, before such Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator shall be permitted to practise an« ?t % rcdw as aforesaid, and every such Officer so to be appointed shall, and he is hereby required from time to time upon a the Production of such annual Certificate duly stamped, and upon the Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, to Fee. enter in its Order alphabetically the Name or the Person described in such annual Certificate, together with the Place of such his Residence, and the time he has been admitted as aforesaid, and the Date of such annual Certificate, and for what time the fame is to be in force, in a Book or Roll to be prepared for that Purpose, Access to fucti to all which Books or Rolls in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may at all reasonable times Book, &c. with-have free Access without Fee or Reward. out Fee.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, in his own Name, or in the Name of any No Attorney, other Person or Persons, sue out any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, carry on or defend any Action fice.toevryon or Suit or any Proceeding as an Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator in any of the Courts "ny'Pr£^, n^n aforesaid, without having obtained such annual Certificate which shall be then in force, or without having iLfoal Certifi- caused the matters therein stated to be entered in such Court in such manner as hereinbefore is directed, or cate i8 obtained shall deliver in to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or to the Officer to be appointed by them for the and entered,*. Purpose of issuing, granting or registering such annual Certificate, any false or fictitious Place of Residence, or any false or fictitious Statement of his having been admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Pro-curator, or of the time when he shall have been so admitted, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to maintain or Peiudty. prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward or Disbursement, on account of prosecuting, carrying on or defending any such Action, Suit or Proceeding.

5 H 2 LXIa. And

788 C. 56.

56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Proof of Attorney*! a&ingin Court

Officer (offering Writ to be sued out in Name of any Attorney unless he has obtained his Certificate.

[Penalty.]

Appearances for Defendants in Chancery entered by Registrar.

Fee to Registrar and Officer in other Courts where Appearances are entered.

Penalty. Conveyances and Deeds to be prepared only by certain Persons obtaining Certificates t

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Persons drawing Wills, &c.

Memorandums of Petitions in the Court of Chancery to be entered in Registrar's Office. Fee.

[Penalty.]

Memorandums of Petitions in the Court of Exchequer to be entered in Philazer's Office.

[Penalty.]

No Charge to be-made by any Six Clerk, &c. except for Stamp Duty.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, in whose Name, either singly or together with that of any other Person or Persons, any Writ or Process shall be sued out, or any Action, Suit or Proceeding shall be commenced, prosecuted, carried on or defended in any of the said Courts, shall on any Trial or Hearing whatsoever for or relating to any Penalty 6r other matter under this Act, or any Act or Acts in any wise relating to the Collect ion or Management of Stamp Duties, be deemed and taken to have so sued out such Writ or Process, or to have so commenced, prosecuted, carried on or defended such Action, Suit or Proceeding, unless previous to such Trial or Hearing such Writ, Process, or Proceeding shall have been set aside by the Court on Examination into the Fads on Oath (which such Court is hereby required to do in such case, ) and not by Consent as having been so sued out, commenced, prosecuted, carried on or defended without the Direction, Privity or Permission of the Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, in whose Name such Writ or Process shall be sued out, or such Action, Suit or Proceeding shall have been commenced, carried on or defended.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of any Court whatsoever shall suffer any Writ or Process to be i{Tiled or sued out, or any Action or Suit to be commenced, prosecuted, carried on or defended, or any Proceeding had or taken in or from his Office in the Name of any Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, either (ingly or together with any other Person or Persons, unless such Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator shall have previously obtained such annual Certificate as aforesaid, which shall be then in force, and shall have caused the matters therein dated to be entered in such Court as aforesaid, and if any such Officer shall offend herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it shall not be necessary in any Proceeding for the Recovery of such Penalty to prove that any such Officer was himself personally concerned in any of the matters aforesaid, but it shall be sufficient that such Offence was committed in his Office or Department.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Appearance of or for any Defendant or Defendants in the Court of Chancery in Ireland shall be entered in the Office of the Regiffrar of the said Court, in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose; and that any Appearance in any other Office, or in any other manner, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that such Regiffrar, as also the proper Officer in whose Office any such Appearance shall be entered in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, or in any of the Courts of Common Law or Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, shall for every such Appearance receive the Sum of Five pence, and no more, and shall thereupon without farther Charge give a Certificate of such Appearance, which Certificate shall be annexed to and filed, together with the Firff Answer, Plea, Demurrer, or other Pleading of what nature or kind soever, which shall be thereafter put in in such Cauie by or on behalf of the Party so appearing; and if any such Answer, Plea, Demurrer or other Pleading shall be filed without having such Certificate annexed thereto, then any Officer receiving or filing the fame mall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, directly or indirectly, draw or prepare any Conveyance of or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Effate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, other than and except Serjeants. at Law and Barriffers, and also Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Prodors or Procurators, having obtained regular Certificates as such, and Persons having taken out the Certificates mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, for drawing or preparing any of the said matters in Expectation of any Fee or Reward, and other than and except Persons solely employed to engross any Deed, Instrument or other Proceedings not drawn or prepared by themselves and for their own Account respectively, and other than and except public Officers drawing or preparing Official Instruments applicable to their respective Offices and in the course of their Duty, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons drawing or preparing any Will or other Testamentary Paper, or any Agreement not under Seal, or any Letter of Attorney.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That a Memorandum of every Petition to or in the Court of Chancery, or to the Lord Chancellor, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal in Irelandf in any Cause or matter whatsoever, shall, before delivering the same to the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or-to the Person then acting as such Secretary, or on his Behalf, be entered in the Office of the Regiffrar of the (laid Court in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, for which Entry such Regiffrar shall receive a Fee of One Shilling, and no more; and such Regiffrar shall thereupon certify at the Foot of such Petition that the fame is so entered; and if such Secretary, or any Person acting as or on Behalf of such Secretary, shall receive any such Petition without such Certificate at the Foot thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and any Order made ou such Petition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That a Memorandum of any Petition in or to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland shall, before delivering the same to the proper Officer of the said Court, be entered in the Office of the Philazer in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, for which Entry such Philazer shall receive a Fee of One Shilling and no more; and such Philazer shall thereupon certify at the Foot of such Petition that the fame is so entered; and if such Officer, or any Person acting as or on behalf of such Officer, shall receive any such Petition without such Certificate at the Foot thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and any Order made on such Petition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That for the entering of any such Petition in either of the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, or for any Attendance for the Purpose of such Entry, no Charge whatsoever shall be made by any Six Clerk, Attorney or Solicitor, nor shall any Sum be received for the fame, save only the Amount of the Duty actually paid thereon.

15 - LXXVI. And

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 56. 789

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Six Clerk in the Court of Chancery, or any Attorney or Charging Stamp Solicitor, or any Proctor in any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court in Ireland, or any other Person whatsoever, D.uty and not shall charge to or receive from the Plaintiff or Defendant, Promovant or Impugnant in any Suit, or to or from f lingf^Ch£^ any other Person whatsoever on any Occasion, the Amount of any Stamp Duty, and shall not have actually chlrg^U made, made use of, or issued, or filed the Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding for which such Charge shall be made or such Amount shall be received duly damped with the Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time of so using, issuing or filing the fame, such Six Clerk,

Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty. Pounds; and if any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Person shall charge to or receive from any Plaintiff or Defendant, Promovant or Impugnant or other Person, any Sum as and for the Cost, Expence or Charge of or for any Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding, every such Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Person, shall be deemed and taken to have included in such Charge, and to have thereby charged to or received from such Person the Amount of the proper Stamp Duty on such Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Bill of Costs shall be taxed in any of His Majesty's Taxing of SOls Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland, in which there shall be any Charge or Charges for drawing or of how to for ingrossing on Parchment any Bills, Answers or other Equity Pleadings in the said Courts respectively,* Proce€ded IB* which shall be engrossed or writen or filed in either of the said Courts, the Officer who shall tax such Bill of Costs shall tax the Charges for drawing and engrossing such Bills, Answers and other Pleadings respectively, so as not to exceed the usual Charge by the Skin, according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps actually appearing on such Pleadings respectively; and such Officer, if the Bill of Costs to be taxed be in a Cause in the Court of Chancery, shall signify at the Foot of such Bill of Costs that the Number and Amount of the Stamps appearing on the Pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the Master or Keeper of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or his Deputy; and if such Bill of Costs be in a Cause in the Court of Exchequer, the Officer who shall tax the same shall signify at the Foot of such Bill that he hath inspected the Engroffments of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Costs; and in case such Officer respectively who Officer offeud-shall tax such Bill of Costs as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to apply to the Clerk of the Rolls for such Certificate as aforesaid, or to insped the Engroffments of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Costs, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the Charges for drawing or engrossing such Bills, Answers or other Pleadings in manner hereinbefore directed respectively, every such Officer so neglecting or refilling respectively as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Refusal the Sum of Ten pounds; and in case the Master or Keeper of Penalty-the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or his Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to insped the Number and Amount Rafter of Stamps appearing on every such Pleading as aforesaid, or to certify the same to the proper Officer of such Court, upon being applied to by him for that Purpose, or if any 01 the Officers aforesaid shall certify any to inspea' thing false, such Master or Keeper of the Rolls, or his Deputy or other Officer, shall for every such Neglea Amount of or Refusal, or Falsehood, forfeit in like manner the Sum of Ten Pounds; which said several Forfeitures, to- Stamp* and cer-gether with the CostB of recovering the fame, shall be enforced in a fumroary way upon Motion by Order of p*/fmc* the said Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, upon Complaint made to them respectively against any Officer who e ty*

shall be guilty of any such Neglect, Refusal or Misconduct, and shall enure to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Stamp Duties and Duty which shall be payable Duty on Office for and in respect of any Office Copy of any Private Act of Parliament, or of any Bill, Answer, or other Plead- Copie* of Piling, Deposition or Depositions, Interrogatory or Interrogatories, or Decree in any Court of Equity in Ireland, aj or of any Inrolment of any Letters Patent, Grant, Deed or other Matter whatsoever, which is or shall be inrolled ^Decrees in' in the Rolls Office in Ireland, which shall be issued after the Commencement of this Act, shall be paid and chancery, and payable in manner herein after mentioned, and no other; that is to say, such Office Copy shall be written on on Inrolment*, Paper not damped with any Stamp whatsoever, and when and as soon as the same shall be ready for Atteflation how to be paid, or Delivery respectively, the proper Officer for attesting or delivering out the fame respectively shall cause the fame respectively to be carried to the Stamp Office, and there delivered to such Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps; and thereupon such Person shall carefully examine every such Office Copy respectively, and shall certify on the Back thereof respectively the Amount of the Stamp Duty then payable by Law thereon respectively, and the Double Stamp Duty so payable in the case of Office Copies of any Deposition or Depositions if the same shall be required, and also the Number of Skins, Sheets or Words in every such Office Copy respectively, and in respect whereof such Stamp or Stamps or Double Stamps shall be so marked, and shall, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, make Entry thereof to remain Entry in Boole in the said Stamp Office, and the Amount of such Stamp Duty shall and may be thereupon paid to the Receiver«Stamp General of Stamp Duties by the Officer or Person producing such Office Copy at the Stamp Office, and the office* said Receiver General shall give a Certificate of such Payment, and upon the Delivery of such Certificate to the Person so appointed by the Commissioners of Stamps as aforesaid, he shall cause some Part or Parts of such Office Copy to be damped with One or more Stamps, expressive of the Amount of the Duty so paid, and shall then fend the said Office Copy so stamped back to the proper Officer for attesting or delivering out any such Office Copy or Copies respectively.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer of any such Court of Equity in Ireland shall Officers not omit or neglect to fend or carry any such Copy to the said Stamp Office, or to deliver or cauie to be delivered femiing such the same to the Person who shall be so then appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps, to

or if any such Officer of such Court, of Equity shall attest or permit to be attested or delivered out, or permit tq p

be

Penalty. Allowance of >1. ics. for every xooL out of the Duty paid by such Officer.

In taxing Bills of Costs Deeds to be inspected by the proper Officer.

Certificate of Officer.

Officer neglecting to grant Certificate.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for certain Pleadings or Deeds.

Copies of Affidavits read in Court, how to be reckoned.

Officer charging unduly,

[Penalty.]

Every Side stamped to be deemed a separate Sheet.

Proceedings in Courts to be written as they have been usually accustomed.

Attested Copies of Interrogatories or Depofi-tiotis given in Evidence on behalf of any Plaint iff or Defendant respectively to be doubly damped.

Officer neglecting Inspe&ion of such Copies.

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

be delivered out any such Office Copy of any such Private Act of Parliament, Bill, Answer, Pleading, Demolition or Depositions, Interrogatory or Interrogatories, Decree or Inrolment, which shall not have been so duly stamped, every such Officer mall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every such Officer df every Court of Equity in Ireland acting in pursuance of this Act, shall be entitled to an Allowance at the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds out of the Duty so paid by him; and it shall not be lawful for any such Officer, or any Person employed by him, to ask, demand or receive any Fee, Profit or Reward, for or in consideration of any of the said matters so required by this Act to be done by him, or any other Benefit thereon whatsoever, save only the said Percentage; and if any such Officer or any Person employed by him or acting on his Behalf, in any of the said matters, shall offend herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Charge in any Bill of Coils for drawing, copying or engrossing any Deed or Deeds, executed after the Commencement of this Act, shall be taxed and allowed so as not to exceed the usual Charge by the Skin, calculated according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps actually appearing on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which the Whole of such Deed or Deeds shall be respectively engrossed 5 and in order to enable the taxing Officer so to tax any such Charge, there shall be produced to him, at the time of such Taxation, each and every such original Deed, or a Certificate of such Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose, by the said Commissioners at the Stamp Office in Dublin^ or of the Distributor of Stamps of the District in which such Deed shall have been executed, certifying that such Officer or Distributor hath inspected such Deed, and dating the Number and Amount of the Stamp or Stamps actually appearing theron, and giving in such Certificate such Description of such Deed as shall be sufficient to identify the fame, for which Certificate every such Officer or Distributor shall be entitled to the Sum of Sixpence and no more; and if any such Officer or Distributor respectively shall refuse or neglect to grant such Certificate on Demand and Production of such Deed or Deeds, or shall certify amr thing false therein, or if any such taxing Officer shall tax the Costs of drawing, copying or engrossing any such Deed in any other manner save as aforesaid, then and in any of the said cases every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the Charge to be made for engrossing any Bill# Answer or other Pleading in Equity, or any Deed, the whole Contents of which shall not amount to the number of Two thousand one hundred and sixty Words.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of any Affidavit which shall be read in any Court whatever in Ireland shall be engrossed or written in such manner as that the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper shall not be deemed more than One Sheet, according to the manner in which the Officers of the Courts in which such Affidavit shall be respectively filed charge by the Sheet for such Affidavit 5 and if any Officer of any Court shall charge or demand for the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any Copy of such Affidavit shall be written, more than the Fees to which he would be entitled for One Sheet, according to the Course of the Court in which such Affidavit shall be filed, he shall for every such Charge so made or demanded forfeit and pay the Sum of Tea Pounds, with Treble Costs of Suit.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where more than One Side or Page of any Sheet of Paper shall be stamped or marked with the Duties which shall then be by Law charged on the Paper on which such Copy of an Affidavit shall be written, each Side or Page so marked or stamped shall be deemed a separate Sheet or Piece of Paper within the Intent and meaning of this Act, and of every Act in force from time to time for the Imposing, Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty, unless the contrary shall be expressly declared.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings and other Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Equity, and Ecclesiastical Codrts, Courts of Admiralty, and all other Courts in Ireland\ and all Office Copies thereof respectively, which shall from time to time be charged with any Stamp Duty, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as they usually have been accustomed to be written, save as is or may be otherwise provided by Law.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every attested Copy of any Interrogatory or Interrogatories, or Deposition or Depositions in the Court of Chancery or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, shall be signed by the Examiners of the said Courts respectively, and every such Examiner shall state and appoint in Writing at the Foot of every such attested Copy, whether the fame is to be read by or on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or by or on the Part of the Defendant or Defendants in the Suit in which such Interrogatories or Depositions shall have been taken; and it shall not be lawful for any such Plaintiff to read or give in Evidence any Copy of such Interrogatories or Depositions which shall be so appointed to be read on behalf of any Defendant in such Suit, nor for any Defendant to read or give in Evidence any such Copy which shall be appointed to be so read on behalf of any Plaintiff or Complainant, unless the fame respectively shall be stamped with a Second Set of Stamps equal to the First Stamps imposed thereon, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such Examiner shall give such attested Copy, doubly stamped, to any Party requiring the fame, and offering to pay for the fame the Amount of such Second Set of Stamps in addition to the usual Charge.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Deposition shall be entered as read on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant respectively until the Officer entering the same shall have inspected the Copy from which the fame was so read, and have seen that the fame was either doubly fUmped or duly appointed as aforesaid to be read for the Party so desiring to enter the fame, and if any such Officer shall offend herein he

shall

A.D. 1816. j6° GEORGII III. C. 56. 791

fhiU for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds: and if any Six Clerk in the Court of Chan- Penalty.

eery, or any Attorney in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, shall read on behalf of any Plaintiff any Copy si* Clerk, &c.

so appointed to be read on the Part of any Defendant or Defendants, the fame not being doubly stamped as ftmc in

aforesaid, or shall read on behalf of any Defendant any Copy appointed to be read on the Part of any

Plaintiff, the fame not being doubly stamped as aforesaid, any such Person so offending shall for every such stamped.

Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; provided nevertheless, that it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of Penalty.

the Court that the Party seeking to read any Copy of any such Depositions did bona fide take out a Copy

of such Depositions duly stamped, but that the fame hath been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Court to order that the Copy of the opposite Party may be read, and thereupon such Copy shall and

may be read and entered in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Copy so ordered to be read

was doubly stamped.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court of Law or Equity in Office Copissto Ireland shall make out, attest or deliver any Office Copy of any Pleading or Proceeding of any Nature or have the Number Kind whatever in such Court, such Officer shall* in the Book in which Entry shall be made of such Pleading or ofsheeu marked Proceeding, mark in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which such Copy shall consist, and shall in like on*e* manner mark on the Back of every such Copy the Number of Office Sheets contained therein; and if such Officer shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit the Sum of Penalty. Twenty Pounds.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Officer of Officer Pv, n8 any Court of Law or Equity, or of any Public Office in Ireland, shall give or deliver, or cause or permit to be S°MyProcSed-given or delivered to any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Copy or Extract of any Record, Pleading, ing without the Proceeding or Document filed or remaining in such Court or Office, save and except Copy or Extract proper Stamp, written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly stamped in such manner as shall be then by Law required for such Copy or Extract 5 and that no such Officer shall permit any Person whatsoever to write or take down in Writing any Copy of any such Pleading, Proceeding, Record or Document, unless such Person shall so write or take down the fame on Paper, Parchment ov Vellum duly stamped, in such manner as shall be then by Law required for an Office Copy 5 and if any such Officer shall give or deliver or attest, or shall knowingly C4ufe or permit to be given or delivered or attested any such Copy or Extract, or permit any such Copy to be written as aforesaid contrary to the Directions of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

Forty Pounds.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any Person shall require Copica of Pro-that any Copy of any Record, Document, Proceeding, matter or thing whatsoever, which shall have been feedings requin* made and attested by the proper Officer of any Court, shall be again attested by the proper Officer, and in respect of which attested Copy any Stamp Duty shall be payable greater in Amount than was paid or payable have alfcTthe0 at the time of such former Attestation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer so again to proper Stamp, attest such Copy if the same shall have thereon due and lawful Stamps, to the Amount of the Duty payable thereon at the time of such Request, although any such Copy may have been before attested by the proper Officer for the time being, and although such Stamps, or any of them, shall have been on such Copy at the time of such former Attestation, and may have been the Stamps or Stamp in respect whereof such former Attestation was made, and every Copy fa attested on Stamps to the proper Amount respectively shall be deemed to be duly damped to all Intents and Purposes; and if any Copy of any such Record, Document, Copy of Record, Proceeding, matter or thing, having any Stamps thereon, shall be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin, to ed'andbrought" be further damped, then and in every such case, if such Copy shall appear to have been previously attested, to the Stamp Of-and to have had any Stamp or Stamps thereon at the time of such previous Attestation, such other and fice in Dublin further Stamps shall be impressed thereon as shall be required by the Person so bringing the same, such Person to be further first paying the Amount of such Stamps; and in such case the Officer to whom the lame shall be produced at the said Stamp Office shall draw a Line across such former Attestation, and shall write the Initials of his ^2?* Name, and the Date of the Month and Year under the fame, and thereupon such Copy shall never after be sonner Attest-read or used by virtue of such Attestation, nor until such Copy shall be again attested by the proper ltion.

Officer at some time subsequent to the fame being so stamped and if such Copy so to be brought to such Stamp Office shall not appear to have been previously attested, then such Stamp or Stamps as shall be required by the Person bringing the same shall be impressed thereon, he or she first paying the Amount thereof; and if any such Officer as aforesaid shall impress any Stamp on any such Copy so formerly attested, and shall not in manner aforesaid draw a Line across such Attestation and write his Initials under the same as aforesaid* he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or Clerk belonging or that shall hereafer belong to Writstoarreft the Court of King's Bench, Court of Common Pleas or Law Side of the Court of Exchequer, in Ineland> en"

who shall sign any Writ or Process before Judgment, to arrest any Person or Persons thereupon, shall at the officer offends time of signing thereof set down upon such Writ or Process the Day and Year of signing the fame, which ing w*shall be entered upon the Remembrancer's Roll or in the Book wherein the Abstract of such Writ or Process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Penalty.

Clerk as aforesaid.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person whatsoever shall desire to have any Judgment Officer to pay marked or any other Entry whatsoever made in or upon any Record, Book or Roll of any Court of Justice in Duiy W* Ireland, in respect of which Entry any Stamp Duty shall be payable, save and except where a Certificate of.having paid such Stamp Duty shall be required by Law, and shall be produced accordingly, ) such Person shall,

over and above the Fee, if any, payable for such Entry of such Judgment or other matter, pay to the Officer Justice*.

whom

792

[Penalty.]

Duplicate Book of Entries of Judgments to be kept.

Fee.

Such Duplicate Book of Entries to be produced in Court every Term to be in-speded by the proper Officer.

Certificate.

Duty to be paid and Book tamped.

Officer offending.

[Penalty.]

In what way Entries of Judgements shall be made to ascertain the Duty.

Blank left for Amount of Costs.

Officer offending.

[Penalty.]

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

whom he shall so require to make such Entry, the Amount of such Duty, and such Officer shall afterwards pay over such Duty in manner herein after mentioned 5 and if any such Officer shall make or suffer to be made any such Entry without Production of such Certificate, when required by Law, or without having received the Amount of such Stamp Duty thereon, where such Officer is to receive such Stamp Duty, such Officer shall be responsible for such Duty, and be bound to pay over the fame in manner herein after provided, in the same manner in all Respects as if he had actually received such Duty.

XCXII. And be it further enacted, That any Officer who shall have the Custody of any Book wherein Judgments shall be entered in Ireland, shall keep and have a Duplicate of every such Book wherein all such Entries of Judgments shall be truly copied, and shall, in consideration thereof, be entitled to have and receive from the Person entering any such Judgment, a Fee of Sixpence over and above all other Fees, if any, chargeable thereon.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That every .Officer of every Court of JufUee which shall be held or shall fit in the County or County of the City of Dublin, having the legal Custody of the several Records, Rolls or Books belonging to such Court respectively or of any of them, wherein auy such Entry whatever shall be made relating to the Rules or other Proceedings, Process or Judgments of such Courts, shall within Ten Days after the First Day of each and every Term, produce and bring every Duplicate Book of the Entry of Judgments required to be kept as hereinbefore mentioned, and every original Record, Roll or Book of any of the said other Entries, to some Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and every such Officer so bringing any such Record, Roll or Book, shall insert therein, immediately after the last Entry therein at the time of producing the fame, a Certificate duly signed by hinj, dating the Number of such Entries made thereon or therein, in the Term and Vacation immediately preceding, as are subject by Law to any Stamp Duty or Duties: and every such Officer shall thereupon pay the full Amount of all such Stamp Duties as shall be then by Law payable for or in respect of all such Entries therein respectively; and every such Record, Roll or Book shall thereupon be stamped respectively with some Stamp or Stamps denoting the full Amount of the whole of the Stamp Duties so then paid in respect of the several Entries so made therein respectively in such preceding Term and Vacation; which Stamp or Stamps shall be as few in Number as can conveniently be, to denote the full Payment of the Amount of the said Duties in Pounds, Shillings and Pence, and shall be placed in the fame Page or Place on which the Certificate of such Officer shall be written as aforesaid 5 and if any Officer of the said Courts shall neglect or omit to bring any such Record, Roll or Book, or to fumish such Certificate therein, or pay such Duties as aforesaid, or mall make any false Entry therein or in the Copy thereof, or omit to make any true Entry or Copy in any such Duplicate Book of Judgments, then and in every such case every such Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the*Sum of Forty Pounds, and in such case, whenever such Record, Roll or Book shall be produced at the said Stamp Office, if such Certificate shall not appear therein, the proper Officer at the said Stamp Office shall himself make the said Certificate; and on Payment of the Duties thereby appearing to be due, the said Record, Roll or Book shall be duly stamped as aforesaid.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court shall mark any Judgment not Interlocutory, whether for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs or for the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, the Amount of the Sum, if any to be recovered thereby, whether in respect of Debt, Damages or Costs, shall be dated in the said Entry thereof, so far as the same shall be then ascertained, in order that the Stamp Duly payable in respect thereof may be then calculated and paid, and be afterwards accounted for and paid over by such Officer as aforesaid; and if on any such Judgment whether for Plaintiff or Defendant Costs shall be recoverable, and the Amount of such Costs shall not then be ascertained, then a Blank shall be left for the Amount of such Costs, whether Single, Double or Treble, and as soon as the said Costs shall be ascertained, and before any Record shall be made up, or Execution issued on such Judgment, such Blank shall be filled up with the Amount of such Costs, and the Person requiring such Entry, if Costs only shall be recovered in such Judgment, shall pay the Stamp Duty in respect of such Amount; and if Debt and Damages, or Debt or Damages, also be made recoverable therein, then such Person shall pay the Difference between the Stamp Duty, if any theretofore paid as aforesaid, in respect of such Debt and Damages, or Debt or Damages, and the Duty payable in respect of the whole Amount adjudged 5 and if by any means such Stamp Duty shall not have been theretofore paid, then the Person requiring such Entry shall pay to such Officer the whole Stamp Duty payable in respect of the entire Sum adjudged, and such Officer shall in any of the said cases fill up the said Duplicate Book, and account for and pay over the Sums so received by him in manner aforesaid 5 and if any such Judgment shall have been so marked or entered, on or previous to the last Day of the Term immediately preceding the filling up of such Blank, then such Officer when he shall be so required to fill up such Blank, and before he shall fill up the fame, shall enter a Memorandum thereof in his Book in the same Place as if such Memorandum were a Judgment entered on that Day, and such Memorandum shall date the Amount of such Costs, and shall refer to the Judgment so previously marked and then about to be filled up, so that the fame may immediately be found by such Reference, and a Reference to such Memorandum shall also be made in the Margin of such Judgment; and when such Officer shall afterwards certify in the Duplicate of such Book the Amount of the Stamp Duties for the Term and Vacation next preceding as aforesaid, he shall include therein the Duties so payable on the filling up of such Blank as aforesaid; and if any Officer shall mark or enter any such Judgment without dating therein the Amount of the Sum recoverable thereby so far as the same shall be then ascertained, or shall issue or suffer to be issued any Execution on any such Judgment, or shall suffer any Record thereof to be made up before full Entry shall have been made of the Sum to be recovered by such Judgment as aforesaid, or shall omit to make such Memorandum as aforesaid, every such Officer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds*

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 56. 795

XCVI. And be it farther enacted, That all Process which shall be entered or obtained to enforce the Ap- Procefc for en-pearance or Appearances of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, or for forcing Appear-enforce the Answer or Answers of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Equity in Ireland, shall anccsor Answers be engrossed and made out upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with the Duty which shall be then t<^7stamp!>IV payable upon such Process; and in case the Officer or Officers who shall enter or cause such Process to be Qffi^r entered as aforesaid, shall neglect to have such Process made out as aforesaid, he and they shall for every ing> such Neglect forfeit to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Ten Pounds, which Sum shall be p^uity. enforced in a summary way upon Motion, by Order of the Court in which such Process shall be entered, together with the Cods of so recovering the same.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That any Writ of Attachment, Alias, Pluries, Proclamation, Commis- Writs of Ae-fion of Rebellion, Serjeant at Arms, or Sequeuration, which shall issue in or from the Court of Chancery in t*chment, &c. j Ireland, shall be entered in the Office of the Registrar of the said Court, and that such Registrar, and also the office of the proper Officer for entering such Writs in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, shall receive Registrar. a Fee of Sixpence and no more, for every such Writ which shall be so entered by him, and shall certify such jree.

Entry on the Back of such Writ, and that every such Writ shall be so entered and issued before the Return Day thereof and not afterwards 5 and that none of the said Writs after the said Writ of Attachment shall be so entered or issued, unless all the preceding Writs in the Order aforesaid shall previously have been actually and duly entered and issued as aforesaid; and that no Order, Decree, or Proceeding shall be made or taken in writs and c or by either of the said Courts, grounded on any such Writ or Process, nor shall uich Court take any notice tificates of of the Existence of any such Writ, until such Writ and the Certificate of the Entry thereof shall have been Entry to b*

produced and read to such Court: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Officers PJ°duc? m

respectively to issue any such Writ or Writs at any time after the Return or Returns thereof respectively, so Court*as the same shall be done under an Order specially made for that Purpose by the Court, either on Consent of Parties or under the particular Circumstances of the case, and that every such Order shall be liable to a Duty equal to the full Amount of all the Stamp Duties payable on each and every Writ which shall or by Possibility may be issued under the Authority thereof; and that in such case any Writ which shall be afterwards issued under such Order shall have a Memorandum written on the Face of such Writ, referring to such Order as

the Authority for issuing the fame, and signed by the proper Officer for issuing such Writ, and thereupon

such Writ shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty; and if any of the aforesaid Writs shall be issued without In what case having.been entered in manner hereinbefore required, or without such Memorandum written on the Face not thereof, the same shall be void to all Intents and Purposes j and each and every Person concerned in so to StamP issuing the fame, and any Person who shall make any Charge for the fame in any Bill of Cods or otherwise, Uty* and also the Officer from whose Office the same shall be so issued, shall forfeit and pay a Sum of Twenty penalty. Pounds Sterling.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court of Law or Equity, or of Using forged any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court, or of any Public Office in Ireland, shall certify, subscribe, engrofa Stamps by of-or write any Copy or Extra A, or any other matter in anywise relating to the Business of such Court or ^cers of Court, Office, in respect of which any Stamp Duty shall be payable, and which according to the usual Course of &c*

Bnfiness may or ought to be prepared, wntten or engrossed by such Officer or his Clerks, and for the

writing or engrossing of which, if so prepared, such Officer may be entitled to charge any Fee; and when- By Attornie*

ever any Six Clerk in Chancery, or any Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, Procurator, Notary Public Sec.

or Scrivener, shall cause any Pleading, Order or Proceeding whatsoever, in respect whereof any Stamp

Duty shall be payable, to be filed in any such Court, or shall, by himself, his Clerks, Agents or Servants

prepare, or cause to be prepared, written or engrossed, any Deed, Instrument or Writing, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be payable 5 or if any Merchant, Factor, Trader or other Person shall cause any Re- By Merchant*,

quisition or Request Note for any Permit, or any Certificate of a Permit, which Requisition or Request Note Factors, &c.

shall be liable to any Stamp Duty, to be prepared, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed, or to be used or delivered for or towards the obtaining of such Permit or Certificate, and the Vellum, Parchment or Paper upon which such Copy or other matter, Pleading, Order or Proceeding, Deed, Instrument or Writing, Requisition or Requests Note shall be written or engrossed, shall be stamped or marked with a false, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, then and in every such case every such Officer, Six Clerk,

[Proviso.]

Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Procurator, Proctor, Notary Public or Scrivener, Merchant, Factor, Trader or other Person respectively, shall, for every such false, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, forfeit and Penahj* pay the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency, unless he shall prove that the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so damped or marked, was bought with the Stamps or Marks thereon at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or of some Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps, or of some Person licensed to fell Stamps.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Deed or other Instrument which shall be subject Before Enr. 1-.to any Stamp Dut]r whatsoever shall be delivered for Registry to the Registrar or Deputy Registrar for be*

registering Deeds in Ireland, or shall be delivered for Enrolment to any Officer of any ot His Majesty's exammed°by superior Courts in Dublin, or to any Clerk of the Peace or other Person entrusted to enrol Deeds in Ireland, Registrar or such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace, or other Person, shall before the same shall other Officer, be so registered or enrolled respectively, examine carefully such Deed and the Stamp thereon, for which Examination the Person actually making the same, whether Principal or Deputy, shall receive for his own proper Use from the Person so delivering such Deed or Instrument a Sum or Fee of One Shilling and no Fee. t

more over and above all other lawful Fees; and if such Deed shall not be stamped with a proper and legal Stamp to denote the Payment of the Duty which shall appear to be payable thereon, such Registrar, Deputy Registrar or Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Person shall not suffer such Deed to be registered or en-56 Geo. III. 5 I rolled

Penalty. Receiving Me-njorial for Registry unless accompanied by Deed.

Penalty. Attested Copy of Judgment not to be received in Evidence unless certified that Judgment was duly stamped. Penalty.

Bail Bonds in cases of Arrest may be assigned without any Sump, fee.

Protifo as to Action on Assignment.

Conveyances to exprtft Consideration Money paid.

[Penalty.]

Summarily recovered.

Parties giving Information indemnified and rewarded.

Purchasers may recover back from the Sellers so much of the C'onfiderttion as

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

rolled respectively until the same shall be duly stamped 5 and if such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Person, shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

C. And be it further enacted, That no Memorial shall be received for Registry by any Registrar or Deputy Registrar in Ireland, unless he shall receive at the same time the Deed or other Instrument required to be registered thereby; and if any such Registrar or Deputy Registrar shall receive such Memorial without such Deed or other Instrument, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That no attested Copy of any (inal Judgment, which shall have been entered in Ireland before the Commencement of the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to regulate the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, Attornies, Solicitors, ProQors, and Corporate Officers in Ireland, and which shall have required a Stamp, shall be given or received in Evidence, umefs the Officer attesting the same shall certify, not only that the fame it a true Copy of such Judgment, but that such Judgment has been duly stamped 5 and if any Officer shall certify the fame falsely, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be arrested by virtue of any Writ or Process of any of His Majesty's Superior Court3 of Record in Dublin, at the Suit of any common Person, and the Sheriff or other Officer shall take Bail for such Person, against whom such Writ or Process shall issue, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Request and Cost of the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, or of his lawful Attorney, shall duly assign to the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit the Bail Bond or other Security taken from such Bail, by Indorsement according to Law, without any Stamp in respect of such Assignment; and also when and so often as it shall become necessary for any Sheriff or other Officer in Ireland having Authority to grant Replevins, to assign any Bail Bond of any Plaintiff in Replevin, to the Avowant or Defendant in such Action, then and in such case such Assignment may be made without any Stamp in respect thereof s Provided nevertheless, that no Action shall be brought under any Assignment in any of the said cases until the same shall be first duly stamped with such Stamp as shall be then by Law required for such Assignment; and the said several Alignments shall, on Application at the Stamp Office in Dublin, at any time before any Action be brought thereupon, be duly stamped in such manner as shall be then required by Law, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum, save only the Duty which shall be then payable thereon.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, in all cases of the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, Real or Personal, or of any Right, Title, Interest, or Claim in, to, out of, or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property where a Duty is or shall be from time to time imposed on the Conveyance thereof in proportion to the Amount of the Purchase or Consideration Money therein or thereupon expressed, the full Purchase or Consideration Money which shall be directly or indirectly paid or secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, shall be truly expressed and set forth in Words at length in or upon the principal or only Deed or Instrument whereby the Land or other thing fold shall be granted, assigned, transferred, released, renounced or otherwise conveyed to or vested in the Purchaser or Purchasers, or to or in any other Person or Persons, by his, her or their Direction, and also where, upon the Sale of any Annuity, Easement, Servitude or other Right, not before in existence, the same shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contra& or other Security, the full Purchase or Consideration Money which shall be directly or indirectly paid or secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, shall be truly expressed and set forth in Words at length in or upon the Bond or other Instrument or Instruments by which the same shall be secured; and if in any of the said cases the full Purchase or Consideration Money shall not be truly expressed and set forth in manner hereby directed, the Purchaser and Purchasers, Seller and Sellers, and each and every of them, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be charged and chargeable with and be holden liable to the Payment of Five times the Amount of the Duty which should have been payable for such Deed, Bond or other Instrument as aforesaid, in respect of the full Purchase or Consideration Money, in case the fame had. been truly expressed and set forth in or upon such Deed, Bond or Instrument, beyond the Amount of the Duty actually paid for the same, which Quintuple Duty shall be deemed and taken to be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Party or Parties respectively hereby made liable to pay the same, and may be recovered by a summary Application to the Court of Exchequer, against any such Party, in like manner as any unpaid Stamp Duty may be recovered under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament made or to be made in that Behalf*

CIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either of the Parties hereby made liable to the Payment of such Penalty and Quintuple Duty as aforesaid, shall give Information to the Commissioners of Stamps, whereby such Penalty or Quintuple Duty, or any Part thereof, shall be recovered from any other Party or Parties liable respectively thereto, the Party or Parties giving the Information shall not only be indemnified and discharged of and from such his, her or their Liability, but also be rewarded by the Commissioners of Stamps out of the Penalty or Quintuple Duty so recovered, to such Extent as the said Commissioners shall think proper, but not exceeding One Half of what shall be so recovered; and where any other Person shall give Information whereby such Penalty or Quintuple Duty shall be recovered, he or she shall be rewarded in the like manner.

CV. And be it further enacted, That where the full Purchase or Consideration Money shall not be truly expressed or set forth in the manner hereby directed, it shall be lawful for the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any of them, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, to recover back from the Seller or Sellers, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, so much and such Part of such Purchase or Consideration Money at

16 shall

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 56.

shall not be expressed and set forth as aforesaid, or the Whole thereof, if no Part of the same shall be so expressed and set forth, either in an Action for Money had and received for the Use of the Party or Parties suing for the fame, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, together with Double the Costs of Suit; but such Purchaseor Conveyance shall not therefore be affe6ted or impeached for any Want or Inadequacy of Consideration, but the same shall be of the fame Force, Validity and Effect as if the Sum so recovered had been expressed in the Deed or other Conveyance as the Consideration or Part of the Consideration thereof, and had been duly paid and retained accordingly.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney, Solicitor or other Person who shall be employed in or about the preparing of any such Deed, Bond or other Instrument, in or upon which the full Purchase or Consideration Money is Hereby required to be truly expressed and set forth as aforesaid, or who shall be employed for any of the Parties thereto in any wise about or relating to the Transaction therein mentioned, shall knowingly and wilfully insert or set forth, or cause to be inserted or set forth, in or upon any such Deed, Bond or other Instrument, any other than the full and true Purchase or Consideration Money directly or indirectly paid or secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, or shall in anywise aid or assist in the doing thereof respectively, every such Attorney, Solicitor or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Party, Attorney, Solicitor or other Person whosoever shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever by reason of the full Purchase or Consideration Money not being truly expressed and set forth in or upon any such Deed, Bond or other Instrument as aforesaid, unless the Duty or Duties actually paid for the same shall be less than would have been payable for the fame, in case the full Purchase or Consideration Money had been truly expressed and set forth according to the Directions of this Act.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be Duplicates or Triplicates, or more than One Part made of any Instrument which shall be then by Law charged with any ad valorem Duty, and of which One Part only shall be by Law chargeable with any ad valorem Duty, One of such Duplicates, Triplicates or Parts shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, and the other or others of them shall be exempted therefrom, but shall nevertheless be charged with the ordinary Duty on Deeds and Conveyances in general, and the said Commissioners of Stamps, upon all the Parts of such Instruments being produced to them duly damped as hereby required, shall cause the Duplicates, Triplicates or all other Parts thereof respectively, except that on which the ad valorem Duty shall be damped, to be also damped with some particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty, and thereupon, but not before or otherwise, such Duplicate or Triplicate or other Part shall or may be received as Evidence in any Court of Justice.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or for any other Public Purpose, shall be lodged with or received by the Secretary of any Grand Jury, nor shall be entered in any Schedule delivered to any Grand July, nor shall any such Affidavit be delivered by him to or laid by him before any Grand Jury, unless such Affidavit shall be written on Paper damped with the Stamp which shall be then by Law required for the fame, nor shall any Affidavit for accounting for any Money presented by any Grand Jury, be laid before any Grand Jury by the Secretary, or be read in Court, or authorize the Court to discharge any Quere, unless it shall be written on Paper duly damped.

CX. And be it further enacted, That no Collation, Presentation or Donation, to, of or for any Benefice or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion in Ireland, shall be good, valid or effectual, unless the same shall be in Writing under Hand and Seal, and shall be duly damped, if a Stamp shall be necessary thereon; and that every such Writing, as also all and every Presentation or Donation under the Great Seal of Ireland, shall be deposited with the Registrar of the Diocese, who shall forthwith cause the same to be filed in the Registry of the Diocese,

' and shall give to the Person so depositing the fame a Certificate that the fame has been so deposited, and such Certificate shall further date either that such Indrument is duly damped, or that the fame is not by Law subject to any Stamp, and shall also date the Date of such Indrument, and the Day of the Month and Year when such Instrument was so deposited or filed, and no Person shall be indudted into any Benefice or Promotion in Ireland, who shall not, previous to and at the time and Place of such Induction, produce such Certificate to the Person or Persons authorized to make such Induction, and if any Induction shall be made contrary to this Provision the same shall be wholly void and of no Effect, and every Person making the same shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Registrar shall, for so receiving and filing such Instrument, and granting such Certificate thereof, be entitled to receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, and a Fee of One Shilling and Sixpence for any new Certificate of the fame matter that may be afterwards required; and if any such Registrar shall refuse, neglect, or omit to receive and file such bistrument, or to grant any such new Certificate, on reasonable Demand thereof, or shall certify therein any thing which shall not be true, (of the Truth whereof the Proof shall lie on him), he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the Commencement of this Act, or of any Act requiring the filing of such Instrument in Ireland, shall have received or shall receive any Benefice or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion in Ireland, shall be bound to produce and prove, and shall produce and prove such Certificate as aforesaid, as Part of his Title to such Benefice or Promotion, upon any Trial or Hearing of any Action, Suit or Proceeding for the Recovery of any Tithe or Glebe or other Purpose

5 I 2 whatever.

795

shall not be expressed.

Attoroies, See. knowingly inferring any other than die full Consideradon:

[Penalty.]

Proviso where Doty paid it not left dun otherwise would have been payable.

Duplicates and Triplicates of Instrumenu how charged.

Mo Affidavits for

grounding Presentments of Grand Iury, fc& to be delivered onlels duly stamped.

Collations, Pre-fen tations, Sec. to be filed in Registry of Diocese and Certificate obtained that Instruments have been duly statnped, if Sumps are required, fee.

Induction made to the contrary void.

Penalty. Registrars entitled to Fee for such Certificate*' Registrar offending.

[Penalty.]

Beneficed Persons to produce and prove such Certificates.

Duties on Ad-railfion of Fellows into College of Physicians, &c. and of Freemen into Corporations secured.

Officer offending-

[Penalty.]

Books of College, Corporations, &c. relating to Duty, may be inspected by an Officer of Stamps.

Without Fee.

Officer refusing, See.

[Penalty.]

Duty on Probates, fcc. to be payable only in respect of Value of such Estate as shall be situated in Ireland.

Probate, 1c. effectual for recovering Trull Property.

Affidavit or Affirmation before granting Probate, See. that Estate and Effects of Deceased are under V nlue of a specified Sum.

Such Affidavit to be in the

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

whatever, before any Court of Law or Equity, or any Ecclesiastical Court, or any summary Jurisdiction whatever, wherein it shall be necessary for him to produce or prove such 'his Title, and that without the Production and Proof of such Certificate, such Court or Jurisdiction shall deem such Title to be imperfect and not duly proved, and shall decide accordingly, notwithstanding any Consent or Admission of the Parties or any of them.

CXIII. And Whereas the Payment of Stamp Duties iraposed on the Admission of Fellows into the College of Physicians or Surgeons, and of Freemen and others into other Corporations, Guilds or Companies in ' Ireland\ has been and may be evaded Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said College of Physicians or Surgeons, and foreveiy Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation, Guild or Company in Ireland, which shall admit any Person or Persons into any such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, by themselves, or by some Person or Persons employed by such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, and they are hereby required, previously to the Admission of any such Person into such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, to demand and receive, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person so admitted, the several and respective Stamp Duties which shall be then by Law payable on the Entry, Minute or Memorandum of Admission of such Person into such College, Corporation, Guild or Company $ and the proper Officer of such College, or Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation, Guild or Company, shall make an Entry, Minute or Memorandum of such Admission upon the proper Stamp in some Book, Roll, or Record of such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, within one Month after such Person shall be so admitted into such College, Corporation, Guild or Company; and if such Officer shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds 5 and every such College, Corporation, Guild or Company shall be answerable for all such Duties without any Proof of the fame having been so received, or whether the fame respectively shall have been so received or not, and the same shall be a Debt to His Majesty, and recoverable with Costs by a summary Application to the Court of Exchequer as any other unpaid Stamp Duty may be recovered under any Act or Acts in force or to be in force in Ireland\ for the {©curing the Payment of the Stamp Duties.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That any and every Officer of the College of Physicians or Surgeons, or of any Corporation, Guild, Fraternity or Company in Ireland, who shall from time to time have in his Custody any Book, File, Record, Remembrance, Docket or Proceeding of or belonging to such College, Corporation, Guild, Fraternity or Company, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend to the securing any of His Majesty's Stamp Duties which now are or shall at any time be by Law payable in Ireland, or to the Proof or Discovery of any Fraud or Omission in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall at all seasonable times permit any Person thereunto authorized by the Commissioners of Stamps, to try, search, insped, and view all such Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets and Proceedings as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward, and to take thereout such Notes and Memorandums as shall be necessary for the Purposes last mentioned, without Fee or Reward; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect so to do, upon Demand made by such Person so authorized as aforesaid, such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Stamp Duties from time to time imposed by Law in Ireland, upon any Probates or Letters of Administration, or Receipts for Legacies, or Shares or Proportions of any Estate or Effects, shall be deemed and taken to be chargeable and charged, and payable and paid, only in respect of the Amount or Value of such Estate and Effects as shall be situated in Ireland, and of such Legacies as shall be payable out of Estates and Effects in Ireland; and that no Person shall be deemed or taken to have proved any Will in Ireland until he shall have obtained Probate thereof from the proper Eccle fiafticai Court in Ireland.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Probate of the Will of any Person deceased, or the Letters of Administration of the Effects of any Person deceased, heretofore granted or to be hereafter granted in Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be valid and available by the Executors or Administrators of the Dc-xreased for recovering, transferring or assigning any Debt or Debts, or other Personal Estate or Effects, whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled, either wholly or partially, as a Trustee, notwithstanding that the Amount or Value of such Debt or Debts, or other Personal Estate or Effects, or the Amount or Value of so much thereof, or such Interest therein, as was Trust Property in the Deceased (as the case may be) shall not be included in the Amount or Value of the Estate in respect of which the Stamp Duty was paid on such Probate or Letters of Administratioa.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Ecclesiastical Court or Jurisdiction in Irtland shall grant Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects of any Person deceased, without first requiring and receiving from the Person or Persons applying for the Probate or Letters of Administration, or from some other competent Person or Persons, a a Affidavit or solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers, in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, that the Estate and Efteds of the Deceased, for or in respect of which the Probate or Letters of Administration is or are to be granted, are under the Value of a certain Sum to bespecified in such Affidavit, to the best of the Deponent's or Affirmant's Knowledge, Information and Belief, and according to the Account to be annexed to such Affidavit, according to which Sum the Stamp Duty shall be ascertained which shall be then required on such Probate or Letters of Administration, which Affidavit or Affirmation shall be made before the Surrogate or other Person who shall administer the usual Oath for the due Administration of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be exempt from Stamp Duty, and shall be in the Form in the said Schedule to this Act annexed directed in that respect, and shall

when

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 56. 797

when duly sworn be certified accordingly by the Registrar of the Court, and shall, together with the Copy Form in the an-

of the Will or Extra# or Account of the Letters of Administration to which it shall relate, be transmitted by nexed Schedule.

the Registrar of the Court, to the proper Officer at the Stamp Office in Dublin, if such Court shall be in Proceedin«*

the City or County of Dublin, and if in any other Part of Ireland, then to the Distributor of the District in 1 creoo#

which such Court shall be, which Distributor shall forthwith transmit such Affidavit to the proper Officer at

the Stamp Office in Dublin, and each and every Affidavit so received at the Stamp Office from any Registrar

or Distributor shall be forthwith filed in the said Stamp Office; and on the Receipt of such Affidavit by the proper Officer at the Stamp Office, if the Court be in the City or County of Dublin, or by the Distributor if

in any other Part of Ireland, find on Payment of the Duty payable in respect of such Probate or Letters of

Administration, the proper Officer of the Stamp Office in Dublin, or the Distributor of Stamps, as the case shall require, shall forthwith issue and deliver to the Party paying such Duty on Parchment or Vellum stampedwith

the proper Stamp according to the Amount mentioned in such Affidavit, together with a Certificate of having

received such Affidavit and of the Amount of Personal Property mentioned therein, and of the Payment of the proper Duty for the Probate or Letters of Administration in respect thereof; and if any Registrar or Officer offencU

other Officer whose Duty it shall be, shall neglect to transmit such Affidavit or Affirmation to the said Com- >ng.

missioner8 of Stamps, as hereby directed, or shall issue any such Probate or Letters of Administration without

having transmitted such Affidavit, and received such Certificate as aforesaid, or upon Vellum or Parchment not

stamped with a Stamp of the proper Amount according to such Certificate, then and in every such case every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, where any Per- Where too high son on applying for the Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration in Ireland shall have estimated the aayUfor Probate* Estate and Effects of the Deceased to be of a greater Value than the same shall have afterwards proved to be, pal and shall in consequence have paid too high a Stamp Duty thereon, if such Person shall produce the Probate er Letters of Administration to the said Commissioners of Stamps, within Six Calendar Months after the true Value of the Estate and Effects have been ascertained* and it shall be discovered that too high a Duty was first paid on the Probate or Letters of Administration, and shall deliver to them a particular Inventory and Account and Valuation of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, verified by an Affidavit (or solemn Affirm- Verified by Affi-ation, in the case of Quakers); and if it shall thereupon satisfactorily appear to the said Commissioners that a davit.

Ereater Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate or Letters of Administration than the Law required, it shall be Relict iwful for the said Commissioners to cancel and expunge the Stamp on the said Probate or Letters of Administration, and to substitute another Stamp for denoting the Duty which ought to have been paid thereon, and to make an Allowance for the Difference between them as in the cases of spoiled Stamps, or to repay the fame in Money at the Discretion of the said Commissioners,

CXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after, the passing of this Act, where any Person on ap- Where the Duty <plying for the Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration, shall have estimated the Estate and Effects of the Deceased to be of less Value than the same shall have afterwards proved to be, and shall in consequence to receive*

bave paid too little Stamp Duty thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, on Delively the proper to them of an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation of the Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, to cause Stamp on certain the Probate or Letters of Administrationo be duly stamped, on Payment of the full Duty which ought to Conditions, Jiave been originally paid thereon in respect of such Value, and of the further Sum or Penalty payable by Law for damping Deeds after the Execution thereof, without any Deduction or Allowance for the Stamp Duty originally paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration: Provided always, that if the Applica- Prov*f° as to tion shall be made within Six Calendar Months after the true Value of the Estate and Effects shall be af- ^aTion^ Applica* pertained, and it shall be discovered that too little Duty was at first paid on the Probate or Letters of d Administration; and if it shall appear by Affidavit or solemn Affirmation to the Satisfaction of the said Affidavit, &c. Commissioners .that such Duty was paid in consequence of any Mistake or Misapprehension, or of its not being known at the time that some particular Part of the Estate and Effects belonging to the Deceased, and without any Intention of Fraud, or to delay the Payment of the full and proper Duty, then it shall e , e*be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit the beforementioned Penalty, and to cause the JProbate or Letters of Administration to be duly stamped, of Payment only of the Sum which shall be wanting to make up the Duty which ought to have been at first paid thereon.

CXXL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cases of Letters of Administration, on which ters of AdmindV too little Stamp Duty shall have been paid at first, the said Commissioners of Stamps shall not cause the same to be tration on which /duly stamped in the manner aforesaid until the Administrator shall have given such Security to the Ecclesiastical too little Duty Court or Ordinary by whom the Letters of Administration shall have been granted, as ought by Law to have been ^as ben given on the granting thereof in case the full Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased had been then ascertained, and also that the said Commissioners of Stamps shall yearly or oftener transmit an Account of the to be duly Probates or Letters of Administration upon which the Stamps shall have been redified in pursuance of this stamped, until 7 Ad, to the feverpl Ecclesiastical Courts by which the lame shall have been granted, together with the Value Administrator of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, upon which such Ratification shall have proceeded. has given proper

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That where too little Duty shall have beep paid on such Probate or &c

Letters of Administration, in consequence of any Mistake ox Misapprehension, or of its not being known at paying Too little the time that some particular Part of the Estate and Effects belonged to the Deceased* if any Executor or Duty through Administrator acting under such Probate of f Letters of Administration shall not within Six Calendar Months Mistake, Execu* .after the passing of this Act, or after the Discovery of the Mistake or Misapprehension, or of any Estate or JEffeds not known at the time to have belonged to the Deceased, apply to the said Commissioners of Stamps, MonthsTfte*nd, pay what shall fie wanting to make up the Duty which ought to have been paid at first on such Probate the°Discoverj>

0/ t Sicj

798 C. 56.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

[Penalty.]

Credit to be given of the Duty on Probates, &c. in ertain cases.

Affidavit or Affirmation.

[Proviso.]

f Sic,

Time of Credit may be extended.

Probate, &c. when Credit is given, to he deposited with Commissioners.

Duty for which Credit is given to be a preferable Debt.

[Penalty.]

Letters of Administration de bonis non to be stamped in cases where Credit is given.

Valid.

Executors, &c. to deliver to Commissioners an Account of Ettate of Deceased, and all Payments made*

or Letters of Administration, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also a further Sum at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Sum wanting to make up the proper Duty.

CXXIII. And Whereas it has happened in the Case of Letters of Administration on which the proper«Stamp Duty hath not been paid at first, that certain Debts, Chattels, Real or other Effects, due or belonging to the Deceased, have been found to be of such great Value that the Administrator hath not been pof-

sessed of Money sufficient either of his own or of the Deceased to pay the requisite Stamp Duty, in order to render such Letters of Administration available for the Recovery thereof by Law: And Whereas the like may occur again, and it may also happen that Executors of Persons entitled to take out Letters of Admi- nistration may, before obtaining Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects 1 of the Deceased, find some considerable Part or Parts of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased so circum* 1 stanced as not to be immediately got Possession of, and may not hare Money sufficient either of their own

or of the Deceased to pay the Stamp Duty on the Probate or Letters of Administration, which it shall be necessary to obtain 59 Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, on satisfactory Proof of the Fad, by Affidavit or solemn Affirmation m any such case as aforesaid, which may appear to them to require Relief, to cause the Probate or Letters of Administration to be duly damped for denoting the Duty payable, or which ought originally to have been paid thereon, and to give Credit for the Duty, either upon Payment of the beforementioned Penalty, or without, in cases of Probates or Letters of Administration already obtained, and upon which too little Duty shall have been paid, and either with or without Allowance of the Stamp Duty already paid thereon, as the case may require, under the Provisions of this Act; provided in all such cases of Credit, the Security be first given by the Executors or Administrators, together with Two or more sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commissioners by a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Double the Amount of the Duty, for the due and full Payment of the Sum for which Credit shall be given, within Six Calendar Months, or any less Period, and of the Interest for the fame at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Expiration of such Period until Payment thereof, in case of any Default of Payment at the time appointed, and such Probate or Letters of Administration been f duly damped in the manner aforesaid, shall be as valid and available as if the proper Duty had been at first paid thereon, and the fame had been stamped accordingly.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at the Expiration of the time to be allowed for the Payment of the Duty on such Probate or Letters of Administration, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that the Executor or Administrator to whom such Credit shall be given as aforesaid shall not have recovered Effects of the Deceased to an Amount sufficient for the Payment of the Duty, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to give such further time for the Payment thereof, and upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall think expedient.

CXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Probate or Letters of Administration, so to be stamped on Credit as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the said Commissioners of Stamps, and shall not be delivered up to the Executor or Administrator until Payment of the Duty, together with such Interest as aforesaid, if any shall become due; but the same shall nevertheless be produced in Evidence by some Officer of the Commissioners of Stamps, at the Expence of the Executor or Administrator, as Occasion shall require.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty for which Credit shall be given as aforesaid, mall be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the Personal Estate of the Deceased, and shall be paid in preference to and before any other Debt whatsoever due from the said Estate; and if any Executor or Ad* ministrator of the Estate of the Deceased shall pay any other Debt in preference thereto, he or she shall not only be charged with and be liable to pay the Duty out of his or her own Estate, but shall also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if before Payment of the Duty for which Credit shall be given in any such case as aforesaid, it shall become necessary to take out Letters of Administration de bonis non of the Deceased, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to cause such Letters of Adminif. tration de bonis non to be duly stamped with the particular Stamp provided to be used on Letters of Administration of that Kind, for denoting the Payment of the Duty in respect of the Effects of the Deceased, on some prior Probate or Letters of Administration of the fame Effect, in such and the same manner as if the Duty had been actually paid upon having the Letters of Administration de bonis non deposited with the said Commissioners, and upon having such further Security for the Payment of the Duty as they shall think expedient; and such Letters of Administration shall be as valid and available as if the Duty for which Credit shall be given had been paid.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Executor and Administrator, or other Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen or Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, shall before such Executor, Administrator, or other Person shall retain for their own Use or for the Benefit of any other Person or Persons, or shall transfer, pay, deliver, satisfy or other wise discharge the Residue of the Personal Estate, and the Residue of Monies anfing from the Sale or Mortgage of any Real Estate directed by any Testamentary Instrument to be sold or mortgaged, or any certain proportional Part of such Residue, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, deliver to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties or their Officers a full and just Account of the Personal Estate of the Deceased, and of the Monies arising from the Sale or Mortgage of Real Estate, or the Value of the Real Estate, if not fold, when the fame is directed by the Will or other Testamentary Instrument of the Deceased, to be absolutely fold or mortgaged, and of all lawful Payments made out of such Personal Estate, and the Monies arising from the Sale or Mortgage of such Real Estate on the Forms printed for such Accounts by Order of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, when and as far as such Forms can be made applicable to the Account

56° GEORGII III.

C. 56. 799

count to be delivered) and when they will not so apply, the Account may be rendered in such Form as shall sufficiently answer the Purposes desired, and the said Commissioners or their Officers shall examine such Account, and if it shall appear to them to be a just and proper Account they shall assess the Duty thereon, but if the Commissioners shall not be satisfied with the Account delivered, it shall be lawful for them to require an Account to be rendered on Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation shall be according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and shall be administered by a Justice of the Peace, or Master or Masters Extraordinary in Chancery; and if it shall appear by the Books of the said Commissioners that there are any Outstanding Duties due and payable on Legacies or Annuities, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to require Payment of such Duties within a specified time, and that if after such Requisition the same shall not be paid, or Cause shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners within the time specified why the fame should not be paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to institute Proceedings in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer against the Executors or Administrators, or Person or Persons taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Administration of the Personal Estate of the Deceased, or acting as Trustee or Trustees, and also against the Legatee to whom the Legacy or Annuity upon which such Duty shall appear to be unpaid shall have been given, if the Circumstances of the case require it, for the Payment of the Duty 5 and if after such Proceedings shall be instituted it shall be shewn that by reason of the Death of the Legatee or Annuitant in the Lifetime of the Deceased, or of the Legacy not being of the Value of Twenty Pounds, or from any other Cause, no Duty is payable, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Suit shall be instituted to order all Cods, Charges and Expences attending such Proceedings to be paid by the Person or Persons of whom the said Commissioners shall have required Payment of the Duty, by way of Penalty for not having, after such Requisition, shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners that no Duty was payable on such Legacy or Annuity.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where it shall be proved by Oath of proper Vouchers, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamps, that an Executor or Administrator hath pud Debts due and owing from the Deceased, and payable by Law, out of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate, to such an Amount as, being deducted from the Amount or Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, for or in respect of which a Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted after the Commencement of this Act, shall reduce the same to a Sum which, if it had been the whole gross Amount or Value of such Estate and Effects, would have occasioned a less Stamp Duty to be paid on such Probate or Letter of Administration than shall have been actually paid thereon under and by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to return the Difference, provided the same shall be claimed within Three Years after the Date of such Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid; but where, by reason of any Proceeding at Law or in Equity, the Debts due from the Deceased shall not have been ascertained and paid, or the Effects of the Deceased shall not have been recovered and made available, and in consequence thereof the Executor or Administrator shall be prevented from claiming such Return of Duty as aforesaid within the said Terra of Three Years, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to allow such further time for making the Claim as may appear to them to be reasonable under the Circumstances of the case.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall be desirous of transferring or of receiving the Dividends of any Share (landing in the Name of the Deceased, of and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds transferable at the Bank of Ireland, or of and in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of and in the Stock or Funds of any other Company, Corporation, or Society whatsoever, passing by Transfer in the Books of such Company, Corporation or Society under and by virtue of any such Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, and shall alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and for any such other Company, Corporation or Society as aforesaid, or their respective Officers, for their Indemnity and Protection to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fast as herein after is mentioned, if the Fast shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and thereupon to permit such Executors or Administrators to transfer the Stock or Fund in question, or receive the Dividends thereof, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or Letters of Administration of his or her Effects; and where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have occasion to recover any Debt or Debts, or any other Personal Effects, due or apparently belonging to the Deceased, hnd shall alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons liable to pay or deliver such Debt or Debts or other Effects to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fast as herein after is mentioned, if the Fast shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and thereupon to pay, deliver or make over the Debt or Debts or other Effects in question to such Executors or Administrators, or as they shall direct, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects; and where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have Occasion to assign or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceased, or any Chattels Real or other Personal Effects whereof or wl.^eto the Deceased was possessed or entitled, and shall alledge that the fame respectively was or were due to or vested in the Deceased either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use such Debt or Debts, Chattels Real or other Personal Effects, shall be proposed to be assigned or transferred, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fast as herein after is mentioned, if the raft shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and thereupon to accept the proposed Assignment or Transfer, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects in Ireland.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Requisition as aforesaid, the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, or some other Person or Persons to whom the Fasts

shall

In what cafs Account on Oath.

Proceedings may be instituted for Recovery of Outstanding Duties payable on Legacies or Annuities.

Costt paid by way or Penalty.

Where proved, that Estate of Deceased is reduced by Payment of Debts, and a lefa Stamp on the Probate would have done, Difference returned.

Time within which Claim to be made.

Executors, &c. permitted to transfer Stocks or Funds held by Deceased in Trust.

Affidavit or Affirmation being made to the Fast.

Special Affidavit to be made by Executors, & c.

8oo C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 181&

ia cases of Property held by the Deceased inrust, &c.

Sworn before Matter in Chancery.

Perjury.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue#

[Treble Costs.]

Penalties payable in BritiHr Currency.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Penalties incurred by Officers; of Court, &c. how recovered.

shall be known, shall make a special Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circumstances of tke case, dating the Property in question, and that the Deceased had not any beneficial Interest whatever in the fame, or had no other beneficial Interest therein than shall be particularly mentioned and set forth (as the case may be), but was possessed thereof or entitled thereto either wholly or in part (as the case may he) in trust for tome other Person or Persons, whose Name or Names or other Sufficient Description shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation, or for such Purposes as shall he specified therein; and that the beneficial Interest of the Deceased

Sf any) in the Property in question, doth not exceed a certain Value, to be therein also specified according to e best Estimate that can he made thereof, if reversionary or contingent, and that the Amount or Value of the Estate for which the Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or on the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects, is sufficient to include and cover such beneficial Interest of the Deceased as well as the rest of the Personal Estate, whereof or where to the Deceased was beneficially possessed or entitled, and for which such Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted, as far as the fame have come to the Knowledge of such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circumstances of the Trusts shall he made by any other Person than the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators shall make Affidavit or Affirmation that the same are true to the best of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, and that the Property in question is intended to be applied and disposed of accordingly; which Affidavit or Affirmation shall be sworn or made before a Mailer in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, (who is hereby authorized to take the fame and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose, ) and shall he delivered to the Party or Parties requiring the fame, and shall be sufficient to indemnify and protect the Party or Parties requiring the fame, and alto the Party or Parties acting upon the Faith thereof; and if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the matters to be therein specified and set forth, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons. convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury shall then be subject and liable to by or under any Law then in force.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act, or of any Ad which shall he then in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, save where otherwise particularly directed, then, and in every such case, the said Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fad committed and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or such other Acts as aforesaidT and if it shall appear to he so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought m any County, City or Place, other than as aforesaid, then and in every tuch case the Plaintiff in such Action shall be nonsuited; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be so or otherwise nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law,

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which is or .are or shall be in force in Ireland, in anywise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency, unless otherwise expressly directed.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or to be imposed by or under this Act, or any Act or Acts which is or are or shall be in force in Ireland, in anywise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, may be recovered with Costs of Suit by His Majesty's Attorney General on behalf of His Majesty, or by the Inspector General of Stamp Duties, or by any other Inspector of Stamp Duties, or by any other Officer or Person thereto authorized by tire Commissioners of Stamps, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or In formationin any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Recorder, Chairman, or Assistant Barrister, within whose local Jurisdiction such Offence shall have been committed; and that every such Penalty, not particularly directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid to the Use of His Majesty; provided that in case of any such Proceeding by or in the Name of any such Inspector General, or other Inspector or Officer, or other Perton authorized as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to order to be paid to such Inspector General or other Inspector, or other Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid, out of the Penalty recovered therein, such Sum, not exceeding One Moiety of such Penalty, as the said Commissioners of Stamps shall think proper; and that the like Appeal shall and may be lawful from the Decision on any such Civil Bill, and under the fame Terms, Regulations and Conditions, as in the case of any Civil Bill for any Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds, in any Action of Debt on a Bond, Bill, or Specialty for Payment of Money only.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Penalties and Penalty for or in respect of any Offence to be committed by any Officer of any Court, or any Six Clerk, Solicitor, Attorney, Proctor, Notary Public or Procurator, as such, against this Act or any other Act or Acts in anywise relating to the Colledioo or Management of any Stamp Duties or Duty, shall and may be recovered and recoverable with Costs of

Suit*

A.D. 1816, 56° GEORGII III. C. 56.

Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction, and not otherwise.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which, by or under the Provisiona of thia Ad or of any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Inland, relating in anywise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, any Seizure is directed or permitted to be made, the Person or Persons making such Seizure shall, within Ten Days from the time of making such Seizure, leave at the Office of the Diuributor of the District wherein such Seizure shall have been made, a Note in Writing signed by such Person or Persons, dating the time and Place of such Seizure and the Reason for making the same, which Note shall be immediately filed at the said Office; and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or any of the Owners of such Goods so seized, or of any Part thereof, at any time after the filing of such Note, and within Twenty-one Days from the Day of such Seizure, to require ana obtain a Copy of such Note, paying for the same One Shilling and no more, and to leave at such Office a Claim in Writing, signed by such rerson or Persons, dating nis or her Place of Abode, and claiming such Goods so seized, or any Part thereof, that may be specified therein, as or on behalf of the Owner or Owners, or one of the Owners thereof, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons making such Seizure, at any time not exceeding Thirty Days from the making of such Seizure, to require a Copy of such Claim, paying for the same One Shilling and no more, and to make Application to any Justice of the Peace, in and for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, wherein such Seizure shall have been so made, for a Summons to the Person or Persons so making such Claim, and such Justice of the Peace shall issue such Summons accordingly, thereby requiring every such Claimant to appear before him at a time and place to be therein named, for the Decision of such Claim; and such Summons, being duly served on such Claimant or Claimants, either personally or at his, her or their Place of Abode mentioned in such Claim, and Copies of such seizing Note and Claim, atteded by the Distributor of such District, or Person or Persons acting as such, being produced before such Justice of the Peace, he shall and may proceed to hear the Merits thereof; and such Evidence or Admission, if any, as may be produced or made applicable thereto, and shall thereupon, or upon the Nonappearance of either Party, decide on the Merits of such Seizure, and make his Adjudication thereon accordingly: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for either Party, against whom such Adjudication shall be made, at any time within Ten Days from the making thereof, to appeal therefrom, in manner herein after mentioned, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from such Adjudication, who shall, in a Summary Way, hear and decide on the fame; and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices at Sessions as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Cods occasioned by such Appeal, as to him or them shall seem meet.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons so making such Seizure shall not leave such Notice in Writing at such Distributor's Office as aforesaid, or in case of such Claim being put in as aforesaid, shall not cause such Summons to be issued and served as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to have been unlawfully made; and if after the filing of such seizing Note as aforesaid, such Claim shall not be made as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to au Intents and Purposes to have been lawful and jud; and if such Summons shall have been issued, then the Adjudication of such Justice, if not effectually appealed from, and in case of such Appeal, the Decision of the Court of Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Party desirous of making such Appeal shall within Ten Days from the making such Adjudication enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties, before the Justice making such Adjudication, or in his Absence, before any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City, in such Sum as such Justice shall think proper, to pay the Cods, if any, which may be adjudged against him, her or them thereon, and if he, she or they shall not so do, such Appeal shall be null and void.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, within whose Jurisdiction any Offence, for which the Penalty (hadl not exceed Forty Pounds, shall be committed against this Act, or against any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Ireland, relating in anywise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, save where the contrary is expressly directed, and every such Justice is hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon any Information or Complaint in Writing in such case, to summon the Party accused of such Offence, and also the Witnesses, if any, on either Side, and to examine into the Fa&, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the Confession of the Party or Person accused of such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for such Penalty and Cods to be assessed by such Justice, and thereupon to issue his Warrant under hie Hand and Seal, for levying such Penalty and Cods on the Goods of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not he redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any), and where Goods sufficient cannot he found to answer such Penalty and Cods, such Justice of the Peace, or any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City or Town, in which such Conviction shall take place, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison, for such time as such Justice shall judge to he proper, not less than One Calendar Month, nor more than Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Cods shall he sooner paid; and if any Person, whether Prosecutor or Party convive d, shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Peace, and shall be minded and desirous.of appealing therefrom, then and in such case such Person being a Prosecutor shall give sufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties before such Justice, to pay such Cods as shall be awarded in case such Judgment 56 Geo. III. 5 K shall

801

Regulations where Seizures are made.

Note of Seizure left at Office of Distributor.

Persons claiming may havo Copy of Note.

PeHbos seizing may have Copy of Claim.

Decision of Claim by whom and how made/

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Seizures without giving proper Notice, void.

Appeal.

Recognizance.

Any Justice may determine Offences where Penalty does not exceed 40L

Warrant for levying Penalty and Colls.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

02 C. 56.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Notice of Appeal.

Cods.

Certiorari.

Complaints within Twelve Months after Offence.

In Proceedings for Recovery of Penalties, what shall be deemed good Service.

shall be affirmed, and in case such Appeal shall be by the Party convicted, then such Party shall give sufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties before such Justice, to pay the Amount of the Penalty imposed and the Costs awarded by such Con vision, together with such further Cods as aforesaid, and thereupon it shall be lawful for any such Person respectively to appeal to the Justices at the next General Sessions of the County which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from the Day in which such Conviction shall have been made, in the District in which such Offence shall have been committed, if such County shall be divided into Districts, or if not so divided, then at the General Sessions of the County, or County of a Town or City, which shall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days previous to the First Day of such Quarter Sessions respectively, and such Justices at such Sessions shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally hear and determine such Appeal; and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices at such Sessions as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to such Justices shall seem meet; and the Justices at such Sessions shall and may thereupon proceed in the same manner in all Respects as the Justice making such Conviction might or could have done if such Appeal had not taken place; and no Certiorari shall in any case be granted to examine or remove any such Con vision, whether before or after any such Appeal.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to be convicted before any Justice of the Peace for any Offence committed against this Act, or any other Act iropofing or in anywise relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, unless Complaint shall be made within Twelve Months from the time of committing such Offence.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture, or for summoning any Witness or other Person under this Act, or under any Act or Acts in force from time to time for the Payment of any Stamp Duty or Duties, or for regulating any such Duties or Duty, or the Collection thereof, whether the same shall be by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty5 Courts of Record, or by Civil Bill, or by any Proceeding before a Magistrate or Magistrates, or on any Writ of Error or Appeal from any Decision, that the Original, or any other Process or Summons, or any Notice or Order whatsoever should be personally served on the Defendant or Defendants or Person or Persons so to be summoned, or any of them, but it shall in all such cases be sufficient that the fame be served at his, her or their then Place or Places of Abode; and if any such Defendant shall be an Officer of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland\ and if such Proceeding shall in anywise relate to the Business of his Office, or any Offence, Ad or Neglect therein, then it shall be sufficient to fcrvc such Original or other Process or Summons, or Notice or Order in manner aforesaid, at his Office, on some Person acting or employed in the Business of such Office.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in any of the said cases before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear (the Expence of such Witness or Witnesses, if he, she or they shall be required to go to a greater Distance than Five Miles from Home, being first paid or tendered) without a reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Justice or Justices of Sessions respectively 5 or upon appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, and mall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of Peace or at Sessions respectively, then such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act, or under any Ad imposing or in anywise relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, whether in any Suit to be instituted in any of the said superior Courts, or by Civil Bill, or before a Justice or Justices, or at Sessions, any Informer or other Person, who, in the Event of a Conviction, would be entitled either by Law, or by any Promise or Agreement, to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, or who may expect the fame respectively, shall nevertheless be received and admitted as a Witness on such Trial or other Proceeding; and such Testimony shall if believed be sufficient thereon, to all Intents and Purposes, as far as the fame Testimony could be if given by any indifferent Person.

.. CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty, or such Part, Share and Proportion as shall to be* id to Re- rema"1 Payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine, payable or ceiver General* recoverable under this Act, or any Act or Acts which shall in anywise relate to the Payment or Regulation of Stamps. of any Stamp Duties or Duty in Ireland, after the Payment of the Inspector General, or other Inspector or other Officer as aforesaid, shall, unless otherwise particularly directed, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by the Person by whom the same shall have been so levied or received, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, if the same shall have been so levied in the County of Dublin, or Persons recover- County of the City of Dublin, and if in any other Part of Ireland, then to the Distributor of Stamps in ing Penalty not whose District the Offence was committed; and if any Person by whom any such Penalty shall have been so levied or recovered, shall neglect or omit so to pay over the fame, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer in /re* land, shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry into Execution this Act, or any Act or Acts which is or shall be in force in Ireland, relating in anywise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Du-

#io ties.

Witnesses neglecting to appear or refuting to be examined.

[Penalty.]

Informers admitted as Wit. aefles.

Penalties payable

paying over. Penalty. Justices, &c. neglecting to car 1 y Ad into Execution.

s A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 56. 803

3

ties, or any of the Provisions thereof, upon proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Peace, Ma- Penalty, gistrate, or Peace Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be Conviaions to convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, or of any Offence against any Act in anywise relating to the Pay- dr»wn up in ment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties In Ireland, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out Jnan, ler follow, in manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis; which IOg*

Conviction shall be good and effect ual to all Intents and Purposes, without setting forth the Evidence or dating the case in any more particular manner $ (that is to say),

4 BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord, A. 0. o^ Form of Coovic-

in the county of , (or. County of the City or Town of, as uon'

the case may he) was convicted before me /. P. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of (or, County of the City, &c.) for that the said A. 0. on the Day of

1 now lad pad, at in the said County of did (here state the Offence) contrary to the

( Statute in that case made and provided; and I do therefore adjudge the said A. 0. to have forfeited a Sum of, British Currency, and for the Cods, which amount together to the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of .*

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Parchment, and returned within Ten Days from the Day of such Conviction, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town (as the case may be), or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to remain and to be kept among the Records of the same County or Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit Ten Pounds.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant so to be issued by any such Justice of the Peace Warrant for for levying any Sum under any such Conviction from the Goods of any such Offender, shall be in the Form following, or in some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect 5 which Form shall be good and valid to m all Intents and Purposes; (that is to say),

County of

To M. and N, and each of them, and their and each of their Affidants.

WHEREAS on the Day of now lad pad, A 0. of was duly convicted

for that he (or (he) on the Day of then lad pad, at in the County of or County of the City or Town of (as the case may he) did (here set out the

Offence), and thereupon the said A. 0. hath become liable to a Fine or Penalty of British

Currency and to Cods, making together the Sum of; I do therefore by these

Presents authorize and command you and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods of the said A. 0.,

4 or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the Sum lad mentioned thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Six Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are, by public Sale thereof, to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said A. 0. the Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you mall bring to me without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and .*

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender or Offenders in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned to the Words*I do therefore by these Presents, which Words and all from thence to the Words disposed of according to Law, inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the lie Effect, shall be inserted in their Place (to wit), — 4 And Whereas on the Day of, a Warrant

was issued to levy the Dud last mentioned Sum, from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, I do therefore hereby authorize and command you, and each of you, to take the Body of the said A. 0. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the said /. P. or any other Magistrate of the said County.*

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison, shall follow the Form of such Warrant, .save only that the Direction thereof mall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words 4 I do therefore hereby authorize and command you, there shall follow these Words to receive into your Custody the Body 01 the said A. 0. and him (or her) safely to keep for from the Date hereof,

unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of

} One thousand eight hundred and,

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect, respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the fame into Execution, shall be granted by the Justice or Justices so affirming the fame, or any of them, and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or some other Form of Words of the fame Import:

Form.

Warrant* on oft. firming Conviction to be in tbf fallowing

5K2

804

Form.

If not sufficient Goods, Warrant for committing Offender.

Form.

Form of Committal.

Forms good in Law.

Copy of Conviction to be fur. niQied to next Distributor within a Month, to be transmitted to Head Oltice.

Where different Proceedings, only One Penalty for fame Offence.

Commissioners, under Direction of Treasury, may mitigate Penalties.

[Commencement of Act.]

6° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Coo 7 I. < To M. and N. and each of them, their and each of their Assistants.

to wit J

WHEREAS on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A. 0. of was duly convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, for thjt

he (or (he) on the Day of last pad, at, in the said County, did

[here set out the Offence); and thereupon the said A\ 0. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of British Currency, and to Coils, making together the Sum of: And

Whereas the said A. 0. appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions, which hath affirmed the fame with Coils, tt&king together with the said former Adjudication the Sum of; theft are

therefore to authorize and command you and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods of the said A. 0., Or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said last mentioned Sum whereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum VHthm Six Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are, by public Sale thereof, to levy the said Suth, rendering tb the said A. 0. the Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to us, (or, to One bf us, or, to me, as the case may he) without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals (or under my Hand and Seal) this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Sum, a Warrant shall be thereupon iiTued, for committing such Offender Or Offenders, in the fame Form as the Warrant last mentioned, to the Words, These are therefore to authorize and command you, 9 which Words, and all from thehce to the Words*disposed 1 of according to Law, inclusive, shall be omitted; and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit — *And Whereas on the 1 Day of a Warrant was iiTued to levy the said last mentioned Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, we (or I)

' do therefore hereby authorize and command you, and each of you, to take the Body of the said A. 0. where*

soever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before us (or me).9

And the Form of the Committal, for committing any such Offender to Prison, shall follow the Form of such Warrant, fare only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words ' We ( or I) do therefore hereby authorize and command you, 9 there shall follow these Words, ' to

take into your Custody the Body of the said A. 0. and him or her safely keep for

from the Date herebf, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals (or my

Hand or Seal) this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

jk

and each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall, within One Calendar Month after any such Convidwn shall have been returned to his Office, furnish to the next Distributor of Stamps in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction signed by himself, for which he shall receive from such Distributor the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and every such Distributor shall forthwith transmit such Copy so signed to the said Commissioners of Stamps at their Hepd Office in Dublin; and if any such Clerk of the Peace or Distributor shall neglect or omit io to do respectively, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

CL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if different Proceedings shall be had or taken against the same Person for the fame Offence, such Person shall nevertheless be liable only to One Penalty, the Right to which shall depend on the Priority of the Proceedings for Recovery of the fame; and if any Question shall arise concerning the Priority of such Proceedings, then, and in such case, the Proceeding under which the Party complained of mall have been first duly served with Summons or other Process, which shall be afterwards proceeded on without Delay by the Party informing or prosecuting, shall be considered as entitled to, and shall have the Priority over any other Proceeding for the fame Offence, and shall accordingly veil the Right to the Penalty fought thereby.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by Order and under the Directions of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to mitigate any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be incurred by any Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid, or to mitigate or commute any Forfeiture which shall at any time be adjudged under the Authority of any Justice of the Peace under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which shall from time to rime be in force in Ireland, relating in anywise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, so far as concerns the Interest of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, any thing in this or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several Clauses, Provisions, and Regulatioas therein contained, shall commence and take Effedfc from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and not sooner.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 56.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE.

PART THE FIRST:

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, &c.; on Instruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Money, and on DEEDS in general.

PART THE SECOND:

Containing the Duties on LAW, EQUITY and other PROCEEDINGS;

I. Proceedings in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland.

II. Proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the High Court of Delegates, in Eccle-

fiastical Matters in Ireland.

III. Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Equity in, and in all other Courts in Ireland

holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings.

PART THE THIRD:

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; <In INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, and on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal Estate; and on Successions to Personal Estate upon Inteftacy.

PART THE FOURTH:

Containing the Duties on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS} and in respea of ARTICLES not stamped on VELLUM, PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FIFTH:

ALLOWANCES on the Purchase of STAMPS.

SCHEDULE 5 — PART THE FIRST:

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, &c.; on Instruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Money, and on DEEDS in general.

PART THE FIRST. Duty.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Advocate in any of the Eccle- /. dV

fiastical Courts, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland $ for the Register or Entry thereof - - .30 0 0

ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister at Law in the Inns of Court in Ireland; for the Register or Entry thereof*30 0 0 '

ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in Ireland - 20 0 0

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Proctor in any Ecclesiastical Court held in the City or County of the City of Dublin 20 0 0

Bo6 C. 56

5j6° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

SCHEDULE, PART I,

Duty.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Prottor in any other Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland -

ADMISSION of any Person as a Matter in Ordinary in Chancery, or as One of the Six Clerks, or One of Cursitors of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, or other Clerk or Officer whatsoever, in any Court in Irelatidy who mutt necessarily be employed to do certain official Business, and whose Emoluments shall be therefore so far fixed and certain

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments of the Office or Appointment shall not amount to 50l. per Annum Where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool.

per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200l.

per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300l.

per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l.

per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 750l.

per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to

1.0001. per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 1, 500l. per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to

2.0001. per Annum «.

Where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to

3.0001. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 3, ooool. or upwards per

Annum -

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for three Years preceding, if practicable, and if not, according to the bed Information that can be obtained.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Officer shall be admitted annually, every Admission after the frfl shall be free of Duty, provided the proper Duty shall have been paid on his firs Admission.

All Admissions of Officers, proceeding upon any Grants of or Appointments to Offices, which shall be charged with the Duties herein after mentioned.

But in all cases not expressly exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Notary Public, See Licence. ADMISSION of any Student into the Society of King's Inn ADMISSION of any Person to be a Fellow of the College of Physicians or Surgeons -

Note. — The said hereinbefore mentioned Duties on Admissions are, in all cases not expressly provided for, to be charged on the Register, Entry or Memorandum of each Admission, in the Rolls, Books or Records of the Court, College, Inn or Society jn which the Admission shall be made.

je. s. d.

10 o o

2 0 0

4 0 0

6 0 0

12 0 0

25 O O

35 o o

50 o o

75 o o

100 o o

150 o o

200 O O

30 o o 20 O O

ADMISSION of any Person into any Corporation, Guild or Company, in a City, Borough, Burgh or Town Corporate, in Ireland, for the Registry, Entry, Minute or Memorandum thereof, in the Court Book, Roll or Record of such Corporation, Guild or Company 5

Where the Admission shall be in respect of Birth, Apprenticeship or Marriage -

And where the same shall be upon any other Ground

Only one of the foregoing Duties to be payable in respect of the Admission of any one Person into the fame Corporation.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

The Admission of any Person into a Corporation or Company for the Direction of any Charitable Institution exclusively.

ADMISSION to Ecclesiastical Benefices. — See Collation and Presentation.

AFFIDAVIT, or AFFIRMATION, made in pursuance of any Law for amending or repairing Public Roads, or made before the Truuees of any Turnpike, relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpose, or for accounting for any Public Money, or discharging Queries on Presentments;

Where the Amount of the Money to be presented, raised or accounted for, shall not exceed 20l.

Where such Amount shall exceed 20l. and shall not exceed 50l.

Where such Amount shall exceed 50l. and shall not exceed iool.

Where such Amount shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed 200l.

Where such Amount shall exceed 200l.

Any Affidavit not otherwise charged; for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, on which the same shall be written or printed -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Affidavits required or authorized by Law, to be made before any Commissioner or Commissioners of any Public Board of Revenue, or any of the Officers appointed or acting under them, or before any other Commissioner or Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Act of Parliament, or by the Crown.

Affidavits or Affirmations relating to Criminal Prosecutions.

affidavits or Affirmations for the Purpose of Registering Freeholds.

Affidavits or Affirmations to be made bfore any Justice or Justices of Peace, or before a Magistrate of any Corporation acting as a Justice of the Peace, unless hereby otherwise charged.

Affidavits or Affirmations to be taken before a Magistrate acting in any Court of Conscience, or of summary Jurisdiction, or bfore any Judge of Assize, Commissioner of Oyer and Terminer, or Recorder, or Afftflant Barrister, relative to Prosecutions or Trials of Indict-ments, or to Civil Bills.

Affidavits or Affirmations made in pursuance of any Act relative to the Hempen or Linen Manufactures: And Affidavits or Affirmations as to the Payment of Corn Premiums; and Affidavits or Affirmations made before the Dublin Society.

£. s. d.

100

300

0 2 0

0 3 0

040 0 5 o

060

0 2 0

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 5&

AFFI DAVIT — continued.

Affidavits which may he required at the Bank of Ireland to prove the Death (f any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds, to identify the Perf on of any such Proprietory or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer of any such Stocks or Funds, or in anywtfe relating to the Losst Mutilation or Defacement of any Bank Note or Bank Poss Bill.

AGREEMENT, or Contrail, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, or other Security on any Estate or Property therein comprised. — See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of Agreement, made in Ireland under Hand only (and not otherwise charged in this Schedule nor ixpressly exempted from all Stamp Duty), where the matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20l. or upwards, whether the same shall contain an actual Contrail, or be only Evidence of a Contrail, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein, after the First -

Provided always, that where divers Letters shall be offered in Evidence to prove any Agreement between the Parties who shall have written such Letters, it shall be sufficient if any one of such Letters shall be stamped with a Duty of ih

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourery Artificer, Manufacturer or Menial Servant:

Memorandumy Letter or Agreement made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize:

Memorandum or Agreement made between the Mafier and Mariners of any Ship or Vessely for Wages, on any Voyage Coaflways from Port to Port in Ireland:

Letters containing any Agreement (not before exempted) in respect to any Merchandize, or Evidence of such an Agreement, which shall pass by the Pojly between Merchants and other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Ireland, and raiding and actually heingy at the Time of fending such Letters, at the Dislance of Forty Miles from each other, or between one or more Merchants in Ireland, and one or more Merchants in any other Country.

ANNUITY, DEED granting any, for a pecuniary Consideration. —

- See Conveyance and Bond.

ANNUITY-DEED, if voluntary or gratuitously, or upon any good or valuable Consideration, other than a pecuniary Consideration. —

- See Settlement.

ANNUITY; Release, or other Conveyance, on the Repurchase of any Annuity or Rent Charge made, on the original Grant (hereof, redeemable, or subject to be repurchased, provided the original Grant hath paid the ad valorem Duties chargeable thereon by the Act of thfc 55 th of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof, 1" or the ad valorem Duties charged by this Act, on the first Skin thereof

*8

10

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

ANNUITY — continued. £. s. d.

On each and every other Skin If such original Grant hath not paid such ad valorem Duty, then such Release or Conveyance shall pay the same Duty as on an original Grant of an Annuity; for which fee Titles Bond, Conveyance. 0 10 0

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, Real or Personal, or of any Use or Interest therein, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will - For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or 100

Piece of Paper, ^jfter the First - If made by Deed. — See Deed. 0 10 0

APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclesiastical Benefices in Ireland - APPOINTMENT to Offices. — See Admission, Grant. 0 0

APPRENTICESHIP. — Indenture, or other Instrument, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, who shall be put or placed to or with any Master or Mistress, to leant any Profession, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerkship or Apprenticeship to Attornies and others, herein after specifically charged on each Part of such Indentures; If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other matter or thing which shall be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, or be secured to be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, to or for the Use or Benefit of the Master or Mistress, with or in respect of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or both the Money and Value of such other matter shall exceed the Sum of iol. and shall not exceed 30l. Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 30l. and shall not exceed 0 Vr> 0

5°1. " Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 50l. and shall not exceed 0 10 0

iool. Where such Sum or Value shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed M O O

aool. - - - Where such Sum or Value shall exceed aool. and shall not exceed O O CO

30.0l. - Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 300l. and shall not exceed 6 0 0

400l. -.- IQ O O

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 400l. and shall not exceed 500l. - - Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 500l. and shall not exceed 12 IO O

6col. And where such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of 600l. for 20 O O

every iool. of such Excess, a Duty of Indenture or other Instrument, containing the Covenants, Articles pr Agreements fojr or relating to the Service of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, as aforesaid, who shall be put or placed to or with a new Master or Mistress, either by Assignment or Turnover, or upon the Death, Absence or Incapacity of the forme* Master or Mistress, or otherwise 5 56 Geo. III. 5 L 3 0 0 1

8ie

C.$6. 56° GEORGII m. AJJ.1.816.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

APPRENTICES HIP — continued. s. d.

Where there shall be any such valuable Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the said. new Master or Mistress, exclusive of any Part or the Consideration to the former Master or Mistress, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Master or Mistress? - And where there shall be no such new Consideration < Svch and the like Duty in Proportion to the Amount or Value of such new Consideration only, as ts before charged on any original Indenture of Appren-_ ticeship. O IO O

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties* Indentures or other Instruments where no Apprentice Fee shall be given, or if any be given, where such Apprentice Fee shall not exceed the Sum of 10l. And all Alignments of such Apprentices so as before excepted; provided there shall be no such valuable Consideration as aforesaid given to the new Master or Mistress, ether than what may have been, or shall be, given by any Public Charity

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, .whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to any Attorney or Solicitor, in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor, in any of His Majesty's Courts in Ireland, on each Part of such Articles or Contract ... O O O

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as an Apprentice, in order to any such Admission as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contrail between them being, vacated by Consent, or by a Rule of Court, or in any other Event And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof - I TO O i io 0

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or an Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Proitor in the Court of Prerogative in Dublin, on each Part of such Articles or Contrail 50 0 0

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or an Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Proitor in any other Court in Ireland, on iach Part of such Articles or Contrail - 0 0

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or an Apprentice, in order to his Admission into the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, on each Part of such Articles or Contrail - 0 0 m

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, for binding a Clerk or an Apprentice to a Notary Public, in order to his becoming a Notary Public, on each Part of such Articles O O*

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument or Contrail whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Proitor, or as a Notary

I

AiDaSi 6.

56° GEORGII IH.

ARTICLES of Apprenticeship-«wtfm/A/.

Public, in any of the Courts aforesaid, for the ReGdue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Matter, or of the Contract between them being vacated, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof

ASSIGNMENT upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conte y arcs.

ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other Gmilar Security. —

- See Mortgage.

ASSIGNMENT of JUDGMENTS. — For each Judgment assigned;

Where the Penalty of any such Judgment assigned shall not amount to 5col.

Where such Penalty shall amount to 500l. and (halt not amount to 1, cool.

Where such Penalty shall amount to i, cool. and shall not amount to 2, cool.

Where such Penalty shall amount to a, cool, and shall not amount to 4, 000l.

And where such Penalty shall amount to 4, 000l. or upwards

ASSIGNMENT of any Policy of Insurance. — See Policy ow Insurance.

AWARD under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the same shall or shall not be enrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of any Court -

BARGAIN and SALE of any Estate, upon the Sale thereof, or by way of Mortgage. — See Conveyance, Mortgage.

BARGAIN and SALE, to be enrolled, of any Estate, over and above all other Duties, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, which the same shall contain

BILL*, viz. INLAND BILL OF EXCHANGE, Promissory Note or ether Note, whether of Bankers or otherwise, or Pod Bill, or any Draft or Order for the Payment to the Bearer or to Order, either on Demand or otherwise, of any Sum of Money, not otherwise charged or expressly exempted;

Where the Sum therein expressed shall not exceed iol.

Where the Sum shall exceed iol. and shall not exceed 30l.

Where the Sum shall exceed 30l. and shall not exceed 50l.

Where the Sum shall exceed 5c!. and shall not exceed 100l.

Where the Sum shall exceed 100l. and shall not exceed 200l. Where the Sum shall exceed 200l. and shall not exceed 500l. Where the Sum shall exceed 500l. and shall not exceed i, ooool. Where the Sum shall exceed i, ooool. and shall not exceed 3, 000l. Where such Sum shall exceed 3, 0001.

BILL; viz. INLAND BILL, Draft or Order, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or feme Person on his or her Behalf -

5L2

jf. d.

X 10 o X 10 o

0 5

o 10

o % s

1

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

1

0

1

2

3

4

5 8

*5

5

o

o

o

o

o

6

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

r The same Duty as on a Bill of Exchangi for the like Sum payable to Bearer; 4fr Order>

SCHEDULE, PART I.

BILL; viz. INLAND BILL, Draft or Order, for the Payment of any Sum of Money weekly, monthly or at any other Rated Periods, if made payable to Bearer or to Order, or to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf, or which shall be delivered to the Payee, or such Person where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be specified therein, or can be ascertained therefrom, -

And where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be indefinite, -

And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be Inland Bills, Promissory Notes, Poll Bills, - Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act and Schedule; and of all Acts in any wise relating to the levying, collecting or regulating, any Stamp Duty or Duties whatsoever, in Ireland:

All Inland Bills, Promissory Notes, Post Bills, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, either in Cash or by a Bill or Bills, or Promissory Note or Notes, or by any Paper, or by Security or otherwise, or for the Delivery of any such Bill or Bills, or Note or Notes, Paper Security or other Matter, in Payment or Satisfaction of any Sum of Money, where such Inland Bills, Promissory Notes, Post Bills, Drafts or Orders, shall require the Payment or Delivery to be made to the Bearer or to Order, or to the Payee, or if delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf.

All Receipts given by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, for Money received, which shall entitle, or be intended to entitle, the Person or Persons paying the Money, or the Bearer of such Receipts, to receive the like Sum from any Third Person or Persons.

And all Bills, Promissory Notes, Post Bills, Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of any Sum of Money out of any particular Fund which may or may not be available, or upon any Condition or Contingency which may or may not be performed or happen, if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or to the Payee, or if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or heT Behalf.

BILL; viz. Foreign Bill of Exchange, or Bill drawn in Ireland, but payable elsewhere out of Ireland,

If drawn singly -

If drawn in Sets, according to the Custom of Merchants, for every Bill of each Set, where the Sum made payable thereby shall not exceed iooi.

And where it shall exceed iool. and not exceed aocl.

And where it shall exceed 200l. and not exceed 500l.

And where it shall exceed 500l. and not exceed i, ooool.

And where it shall exceed i, ooool. and not exceed 2, ooool. And where it shall exceed 2>ooool. and not exceed 3, cool*

And where it shall exceed 3, 00c!.

s.

d.

The same Duty as on a Bill payable /a} Bearer or Order forJ a Sum equal to such Total Amount.

rThe same Duty as on \ a Bill for the Sum j therein expressed V only.

The same Duty as on

an Inland Bill of the fame Amount and

Tenor.

O I 6

0 3 0

0 4 0

0 S 0

0 7 6

0 10 0

0 15 0

BILL — continued.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

" Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills not otherwise charged; Promissory

Notes for any Sum not exceeding al. los. passed on Account of Tithes, or for Money lent by, or payable to, any Society for Charitable Loan, or by or to their Trustees, in Trust for them.

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Bearer on Demand, and drawn upon any Banker or Bankers, who shall refde or transaEl the Bufness of a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Drafts or Orders shall be drawn; provided such Place shall be specified in such Drafts of Orders, and provided such Drafts or Orders shall bear Date on or before the Day on which the same shall be tjfued; and provided the fame do not dire El the Payment to be made by Bills or Promissory Notes. All Bills for the Pay and Allowances of His Majesty's Land Forces, or for the Expenditures liable to be charged in the public Regimental or DiJlriEl Accounts, which shall be drawn according to the Forms now prescribed or hereafter to be prescribed by His Majesty's Orders, by the Paymasters of Recruiting DislriEls, or by the Paymasters of Detachments, or by the OJ/icer or Officers authorised to perform the Duties of Paymaflership during a Vacancy, or the Absence, Suspenfon, or Incapacity of any such Paymaster as aforesaid: save and except such Bills as shall be drawn in Favour of ContraElors or others, who furniw Bread or Forage to His Majesty's Troops, and who by their Contrasts and Agreements shall be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for the Articles supplied by them.

BILL of LADING, which shall be signed of or for any Goods, Merchandize or Effects, to be exported or carried Coastways, upon each and every Part of each Set thereof -

BILL of SALE absolute. — See Conveyance.

BILL of SALE as a Security. — See Mortgage.

BOND, or other obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, not otherwise particularly charged, not exceeding iool. Exceeding icol. and not exceeding 200l.

Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 300l.

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ocol.

Exceeding i, oocl. and not exceeding 2, ooool. Exceeding a, oocl. and not exceeding 3, 0001.

Exceeding 3, oocl. and not exceeding 4, 000l.

Exceeding 4, ooool. and not exceeding 5, 0001.

Exceeding 5, ooool.

BOND given as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, whether together with, or without any Sum already advanced5

Where the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable, shall be uncertain and without any Limit -

And where the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum -

£. /. d*

t

016

0 10 0

I 0 0

I 10 0

0 0

2 10 0

3 10 0

4 0 0

4 JO 0

6 0 0

10 0 0

10 o o

tTbe same Duty as on < a Bond> for such L lim ited Sum.

C.s6. 56° GEORGII nj. A.D. 1816.

BOND — continued.

d.

BOND given as a* Security for the Transferor Retransfer of any 'Share tn any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or to the Stocks or Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of any other Company or Corporation -

BOND, commonly called a Mortgage or Annuity Bond, or Bond given as a collateral Security for or in respect of any Mortgage or Annuity

BOND entered into by any Person on obtaining a Marriage Licence -

BOND given as the only or principal Security for the Payment of any Annuity upon the original Creation and Sale thereof, — See Conveyance upon the Sale of Lawk, See,

BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except upon the original Creation and Sale thereof), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at dated Periods (not being Intered for any principal Sum, or Rent reserved, or made payable upon any Lease) for any definite and certain Term, so that the total Amount of the Money to be paid can be previously ascertained -

BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except as aforesaid), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at dated Periods (not being Intered for any principal Sum, nor Rent referred or payable upon any Lease), for Term of Life, or any other indefinite Period, lb that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertained;

Where the Annuity, or Sums secured, shall not amount to 10L per Annum -

Where the ffime shall amount to 10l. and not amount to jcL per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 50I, and not amount to iool. per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to tool, and not amount to 200l.

per Annum*- -

Where the same shall amount to 2od. and not amount to 300L per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 4001, per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 400l. and not amount to 500l.

per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 750J.

per Annum -

Where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to i, ooool, per Annum -

The same Duty as on a Bond for a Stem of Money equal to the Value of the Stock or Fund secured according to the average Price thereof on the Daj of the Date of the Bond, or if there shall not have been any known Sale on that Day. then on the latef Day preceding on which there Jhah have been a known I Sale.

OlOO

The same Duty as on a Bond of the hke Nature, for the Payment of a Sum of Money equal to such Total Amount.

0 xo 0

I 0 0

I 10 0

a 0 0

a 10 0

3 0 0

3 10 0

4 10 0

6 0 0

A.IXi9t6.

56° GEORGB III.

C^Sr

!.SCHEDULE, PART I. i Duty.

BOND — continued. X. iL

Where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 1, 5001. per Annum - 7 IO 0

Where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to a, ooool; per Annum --- I. IO 0 0

And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. per Annum or upwards 12 IO 0

BOND for indemnifying any Person who QialLbecome bound or engaged as Security or Cautioner for the Payment of any Sum of Moneyr or Annuity, or for the Transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned - - - I 0 0

BOND for the due Execution of an Office, or for the faithful Discharge of any Trull reposed in any Person as a Clerk, and to account for Money received --- I 0 0

BOND given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any of their Officers, for or in Yefped of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise, or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for any other matter or thing relating thereto - - - O IO 0

BOND on obtaining Letters of Administration - I 0 0

BOND of any kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Act or Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty I 0 0

General; Directions respecting Bonds.

Where any such Bond 3s aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other matter, put or indorsed thereon, shall be written on more than one Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or on more than one Sheet of Paper, there shall be charged for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, as aforesaid, beyond the First, a Duty of

Where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum of Money, and aHo for the Transfer of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, and an Annuity, or foj any Two of such Purposes, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of a Sum composed of such Sum of Money, and the Value of such Share and Annuity, or either of them, such Value to be ascertained as herein directed. (See Conveyance.)

And where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Values, whether confiding respectively of Sums of Money, and Annuities and Shares, in any of the Stocks or Fund6 before mentioned, or of any One or Two of such matters, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each such Transaction separately, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof.

And where any Bond shall be given as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment or Transfer of auy of the said matters before mentioned, such Bond shall be charged with the same Duty as if the fame had been immediately given for the Payment or Transfer thereof.

o 10

8i6 0.56*

56° GEORGII III.

A: D. 1816.

BOND — continued.

And where any Bond for the Payment or Transfer of any of the said matters, or for the Performance of any Covenant for such Payment or Transfer, shall be contained in one and the fame Deed or Writing, with any other matter or thing, in this Schedule specifically chargea with any Duty (except any Declaration of Trust for the Money, Annuity, Stock or Fund secured) such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the fame Duties a3 would have been chargeable in respect of the said several matters therein, if contained in separate Deeds.

But where a Bond for the Performance of Covenants or Agreements (other than for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money or Annuity> or any Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds) shall be contained in the fame Deed or Writing with any other matter or thing, the same shall not be charged separately, but the whole shall be considered as One Deed, and be charged accordingly under its proper Denomination.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Administration Bonds, given by the Widow, Child, Father, Mother, Brother or Sister of any Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who shall be Jlain or die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Administration Bond given by any Person, where the Estate to be admi-ntfteredJball not exceed 20l. in Value.

Bonds to procure the Admissioti of any Child into any Charitable In-Jlitution.

CERTIFICATE of having registered a Deputation as a Gamekeeper

CERTIFICATE to authorize any Person not being a Gamekeeper to kill Game in Ireland -

CERTIFICATE to entitle any Person to receive a Drawback of any Duty. — See Dedenture.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Person admitted to practise as a Six Clerk in Chancery; and by every Person admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin; and by every Person admitted as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney or Procurator, in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Damage doth exceed Forty Shillings \

If such Six Clerk, Attorney or Solicitor, Agent or Procurator, has been admitted for Three Years and upwards

Or if he shall not have been admitted for Three Years

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Person, who in any Cha-railer whether as Conveyancer, Draftsman, Land Agent, Steward of an Estate or otherwise, shall for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, draw, fill up or prepare any Conveyance, Deed or Instrument, or Lease, or Agreement for a Lease, of or relating to any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, or any other Deed or Contrail whatever, or any Pleadings or Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity -

x5

£. s. d.

3 3 0

3 3 0

800

300

800

C ERTIFICATE — continued*

Exemptions.

Serjeants at Law and Barrijiers, and also Attornies, Solicitors, ProBors and Notaries Public, and other Persons aiding as such by virtue of any Office or Appointment, who shall respectively take out Certificates in those Characters.

Public Officers drawing or preparing Deeds or other Instruments by virtue of their Office, and in the Course of their official Duty only} and not otherwise.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Person admitted as a Proctor in any of the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts in Dublin;

If such Proctor has been admitted for Three Years or upwards If he shall not have been admitted for Three Years

The above Certificate to authorize the Party obtaining the same to practise as a Proctor in any Court in Ireland.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Person admitted, or who shall practise as a Prodtor in any Ecclesiastical Court in any other Part of Ireland;

If such Person has been admitted for Three Years or upwards Or if he shall not have been admitted for Three Years

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly, by any Banker or Bankers, or Person or Persons adfcing as such, of having registered the Firm of his or their House according to Law;

If such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall issue any Promissory Notes for Money payable to Bearer on Demand, and allowed to be re-issued -

CHARTER PARTY, or any Agreement or ContraQ: for the Charter of any Ship or Vessel, or any Memorandum, Letter or other Writing, between the Captain, Master or Owner, of any Ship or Vessel, and any Person for or relating to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods or Effects, on board of any such Ship or Vessel -

CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contradk of — See Apprenticeship, Articles.

COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion, in Ireland, of the yearly Value of iool.

And for every iool. of the yearly Value thereof, exceeding the first iool. a Year, a further Duty of -

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbishop, Bishop or Vicar General of the Diocese j provided always, that Two or more Benefices, epifeopally united, shall be deemed One Benefice only.

COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, Curacy or Promotion whatsoever in Ireland. — See Institution, Licence, and Presentation.

COMPOSITION DEED, or other Instrument of Composition between a Debtor or Debtors and his, her or their Creditors -

CONSTAT of Letters Patent. — See Exemplification.

56 Geo. III. 5 M

Duty. l d.

O O

3 o o

3 o o

1 O o

30 O o

I O o

5 o o

5 o o

t 0.0

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

0.56*

CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, Asignment, Transfer, Release, Renunciation or of any other Kind or Description whatsoever, upon the Sale, Settlement or Conveyance of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or Personal, or of any Right, Title, Interest or Claim into, out of or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property whatsoever, in Ireland, which shall he executed by the Grantor or Grantors or any of them, not otherwise charged in this Schedule; Where the Consideration therein or thereupon expressed shall not exceed iool.

And where the same shall exceed iool. and not exceed 300l.

And where the same shall exceed 300l. and not exceed 500l.

And where the same shall exceed 500l. and not exceed 750l.

And where the same shall exceed 750l. and not exceed i, ooool. And where the same shall exceed i, ooool. and not exceed 2, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed 2, ooool. and not exceed 3, 000l.

And where the same shall exceed 3, 0001. and not exceed 4, 000l.

And where the same shall exceed 4, ooool. and not exceed 5, 000].

And where the same shall exceed 5, 0001. and not exceed 8, ooool.

And where the same shall exceed 8, ooool. and not exceed ia, ooool. And where the same shall exceed i2, ooool. and not exceed 15, 0001. And where the same shall exceed 15, 0001. and not exceed 2o, ooool. And where the same shall exceed ao, ooool. and not exceed 30, 0001. And where the same shall exceed 30, 0001. and not exceed 40, 0001. And where the same shall exceed 40, 0001. and not exceed 50, 0001. And where the same shall exceed 50, 000l. and not exceed 6o, ooool. And where the same shall exceed 6o, ooool.and not exceed ioo, ooool. And where the same shall exceed ioo, ooool.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in each Part of such Conveyance, Settlement, Deed or Instrument, after the First Skin, a Duty of Where the Consideration in any such Deed or any Part thereof may be an Annuity, the Value of such Annuity shall be ascertained by the Tables annexed to an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled ts An Act to secure the Payment of Duties on Probates and Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy or Inteftacy in Ireland, " and as therein described, every such Annuity to be taken as a Sum to that Amount in ascertaining such ad valorem Duty as above charged.

And where the Consideration or any Part of the Consideration, shall be any Stock in any of the Public Funds, or any Government Debentures or Debenture, or Stock of the Bank of Ireland, or any Debentures or Debenture of any Corporation, Company, Society or Persons or Person, payable only at the Will of the Debtor; then the said Duty shall be calculated (taking the fame respectively, whether constituting the whole or a pan only of such Consideration) according to the felling Price thereof respectively on that Day, or on the next preceding Day on which any such Sale shall have taken place: And if such Consideration, or Part of Consideration, shall be a Mortgage, Judgment or Bond, or a Debenture, the Amount whereof shall be recoverable by the Holder, or any other Security whatsoever, whether payable in Money or otherwise; then such Calculation shall be made according to the Sum due thereon, whether for Principal or Interest, or for both.

£. s. d.

I O 0

I 10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 10 0

6 0 0

12. 10 0

i7 10 0

22 10 0

32 10 0

47 10 0

6S 0 0

85 0 0

120 0 0

175 0 0

225 0 0

275 0 0

35° 0 0

500 0 0

0 10 0

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

CONVEY ANCE — continued.

£. s. d.

Note. — The Purchase Money or Consideration is to be truly expressed and set forth in Words at Length, in or upon every such Deed or Instrument of Conveyance.

And where any Equity or Right of Redemption, or any Rever-Conary Right or interest, of, in, to or out of any Lands or other Property, in Mortgage, or standing pledged or charged for or with the Payment of any Sum of Money, shall be conveyed or disposed of, either m Consideration of the Money so due on Mortgage, or in Consideration of that and of any further Sum, paid or agreed to be paid, the Conveyance of such Equity of Redemption, or Reversionary Right or interest shall be deemed and taken to be a Conveyance upon the Sale of Property, and the Money due on such Mortgage shall be deemed and taken to be the Purchase Money, or Part of the Purchase Money for the fame, as the case may be ? and the Conveyance shall be liable to such Duty in respect of the whole of such Consideration, as any other Conveyance upon the Sale of Property is liable to, deducing thereout nevertheless such ad valorem Duty, if any, as shall have been previously paid on the Execution of such Mortgage, in respect of so much of the Principal Sum lent on such Mortgage, as shall then remain unpaid. '

And where any Lands or other Property of different Tenures or Holdings, or held under different Titles, contrafted to be sold at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed to the Purchaser in separate Parts or Parcels by different Deeds or Instruments, the Purchase Money or Consideration shall be divided and apportioned in such manner as the Parties shall think fit, so that a distinct Price or Consideration for each separate Part or Parcel may be -set forth in or upon the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance relating thereto, which shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the Price or Consideration therein set forth.

And where any Lands or other Property contracted to be purchased by Two or more Persons jointly, or by any Person forhimself and others, or wholly for others, at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed in Parts or Parcels, by separate Deeds or Instruments, to the Persons for whom the same shall be purchased, for distinct Parts or Shares of the Purchase Money or Consideration, the Principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance of each separate Part or Parcel shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty in respect of the Sum of Money or other matter therein specified, as the Consideration for the same.

But if separate Parts or Parcels of such Lands or other Property shall be conveyed to, or to the use of or in trust for different Persons, in and by one and the fame Deed or Instrument, then such Deed or Instrument shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty in respect of the aggregate Amount of the Purchase Money or Consideration therein mentioned to be paid or given, or agreed to be paid or given, for the Lands or Property thereby conveyed.

5 M 2

820 C. 56.

56 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

CONVEY ANCE — continued.

And where any Lands or other Property separately contrafted to be purchased of different Persons at separate and distinct Prices, shall be conveyed to the Purchaser, or according to the Purchaser's Direction, in and by one and the fame Deed or Instrument, such Deed or Instrument shall be charged with the ad valorem Duties which shall be then, by Law, payable on Conveyances on the Sale of Property for and in respect of the separate Consideration paid or given, or agreed to be paid or given, for such Lands or other Property, and not for and in respect of the aggregate Amount thereof.

And where any Person having contracted for the Purchase of any Lands or other Property, but not having obtained a Conveyance thereof, shall contract to fell to any other Person, and the fame shall, in consequence, be conveyed immediately to the Sub Purchaser, the Principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty in respect of the Purchase or Consideration Money therein mentioned to be paid, or agreed to be paid by the Sub Purchaser.

And where any Person having contrafted for the Purchase of any Lands or other Property, but not having obtained a Conveyance thereof, shall contract to fell the whole or any Part or Parts thereof to any other Person or Persons, and the fame shall, in consequence, be conveyed by the original Seller to different Persons in Parts or Parcels, the Principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance of each Part or Parcel thereof shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty in respect only of the Purchase Money or Consideration which shall be therein mentioned to be paid or given, or agreed to be paid or given for the fame, by the Person or Persons to whom, or to whose Use, or in trust for whom the Conveyance shall be made; without regard to the Amount of the original Purchase Money or Consideration.

And in all cases of such Sub Sales as aforesairi, the Sub Purchasers and the Persons immediately felling to them, shall be deemed and taken to be the Purchasers and Sellers, within the Intent and Meaning of the Provisions and Regulations of this Act.

But where any Sub Purchaser shall take an actual Conveyance of the Interest of the Person immediately felling to him, which shall be chargeable with the said act valorem Duty in respect of the Purchase Money or Consideration paid or given, or agreed to be paid or given, by him, and shall be duly stamped accordingly, any Deed or Instrument of Conveyance to be afterwards made to Jiim of the Property in question, by the original Seller, shall be exempted from the said act valorem Duty, and be charged only with the ordinary Duty on Deeds or Instruments of the fame kind, not upon a Sale.

And where any Lands or other Property shall be sold and conveyed in consideration only or in part of any Sum of Money charged thereon by way of Mortgage or otherwise, and then due and owing to the Purchaser, or shall be sold and conveyed subject to any Mortgage, Bond or other Debt, or

Duty.

IF /. d.

CONVEYANCE! — continued, \

to any gross or entire Sum of Money to be afterwards paid by the Purchaser, such Sum of Money or Debt shall be deemed the Purchase Money or Con fi deration, or Part of the Purchase Money or Consideration, as the case may be, in respeffc whereof the said act valorem Duty is to be paid; deducing thereout nevertheless such ad valorem Duty, if any, as shall have been previously paid on the Execution of any such Mortgage or Security, in respect of so much of such Mortgage or other Debt as shall then remain unpaid.

And to prevent Doubts respecting what shall be deemed the principal Deed or Instrument of Conveyance in certain cases, it is hereby declared,

That where upon the Sale of any Annuity, or other Right not before in Existence, the same shall not be created by afifcual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract or otherwise, the Bond or other Instrument by which the same shall be secured,

or someone of such Instruments, if there be more than one, shall be deemed and taken to be liable to the same Duty as an actual Grant or Conveyance.

And where, in any case not herein expressly provided for, of several Deeds or Instruments, or Writings, a Doubt shall arise, which is the principal, it shall be lawful for the Parties to determine for themselves, which shall be so deemed, and to pay the said act valorem Duty thereon accordingly; and if necessary, the other Deeds, Instruments or Writings, on which the Doubts shall have arisen, shall be stamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty upon all the Deeds or Instruments being produced, and appearing to be duly stamped in other re(pe6ls.

And where there shall be Duplicates of any Deed or Instrument chargeable with the said act valorem Duty exceeding 2l. one of them only shall be charged therewith, and the other or others shall be charged with- the ordinary Duty on Deeds or Instruments of the fame kind not upon a Sale; and on the whole being produced, duly damped as hereby required, the latter shall also be stamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty.

And where any Deed or Instrument, operating as a Conveyance on the Sale of any Property, shall operate also as a Conveyance of any other than the Property fold, by way of Settlement, or for any other Purpose, or shall also contain any other matter or thing, besides what shall be incident to the Sale and Conveyance of the Property fold, or shall relate to the Title thereto, every such Deed or Instrument shall be charged, in addition to the Duty to which it shall be liable as a Conveyance on the Sale ot Property, and to any progressive Duty to which it may also be liable, with such further Stamp. Duty as any separate Deed, containing the other matter, would have Deen chargeable with exclusive of the progressive Duty.

£. s.

d.

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CONVEYANCE — continued. d.

And where there shall be several Deeds or Instruments for completing the Title to the Property fold, such of them as are not liable to the said act valorem Duty shall be charged with the Duty to which the fame may be liable under any general or particular Description of such Deeds or Instruments contained in this Schedule. And in all cases where the contrary shall not be expressly directed, if any Two or more distinct matters shall be contained in the fame Deed or Instrument, in respect: of each of which matters a Stamp Duty shall be payable, then such Deed or Instrument shall be subject to the fame Duties as shall be payable in respect of such distinct matters.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Considerations of 5l. or 10s. commonly termed nominal Considerations) in such Deeds or other Instruments, where other bona fide Considerations shall be expressed to be thereon paid. All Transfers of Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, and in the Stocks or Funds of the Bank of Ireland, or cf jmy Company or Corporation in Ireland.

CONVEY ANCE of Lands and Rents belonging to the Crown. — See Grant,

CONVEYANCE of any Estate or Property in Trust for Sale which shall be intended only as a Security for Money or Stock. — See Mortgage.

CONVEYANCE, Lease, Release, Indenture, Deed or Instrument of any kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty, for the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein For every other Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein - I 0 0 0 IO O

CONVEYANCE of any kind, if to be enrolled. — See Release.

COPY or EXTRACT of any Will or Codicil, deposited in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland For every entire Quantity of 90 Words, over and above the first 90 Words, a further Duty of 003 003

COPY of any Memorial, or of the Register of any Memorial, registered pursuant to any Aft of Parliament, made or to be made for the Public Registering of Deeds and Conveyances in Ireland, issued from the Registrar's Office, whether the fame be attested or not; for each Memorial --- For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Copy shall be written, after the first, a Duty of 030 030

Exemption from the preceding Duty. Copies of all Memorials included in Searches issued from the Registry Office, called Negative Searches, having the Duty thereon charged.

DEBENTURE or CERTIFICATE for entitling any Person to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties, or Part of any Duty or Duties of Customs or Excise, or any Bounty payable out of the Re-

14

DEBENTURE — continued.

venue of Customs or Excise, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported, or shipped to be exported, from Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas;

If the same shall not exceed 100l.

If the same shall exceed iool. and not exceed aool.

If the same shall exceed 200l. and not exceed 500l.

If the same shall exceed 500l.

DEBENTURE of any other kind. — See Mortgage,

Exemption.

All Debentures issued by Government under the Direction of any Act of Parliament.

DECLARATION of any Use or Trust, Uses or Trulls, of or concerning any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, where made by any Writing not being a Deed or Will -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein after the first

DEED of any kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty, for the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein

For every other Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -

DEED, if the fame be enrolled. — See Release.

DEEDS; — Extracts or Abstracts from Deeds or other Acts issued from the Office for Registry of Deeds and so forth, called the Registry Office, and commonly called a Common Search; and whether such Search shall contain the Extract from any Deeds or Deed, or not, and whether the fame be signed by or on behalf of any Officer or Clerk belonging to such Office or not;

For each Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which such Search, Extract or Extracts, Abstract or Abstracts, shall be written

DEEDS; — Searches for Deeds or Abstracts, or Extract from Deeds or other Acts issued from the Office for Registering Deeds, called the Register Office, commonly called a Negative Search;

For each Copy of any Deed or Memorial, or for each Extract or Abstract from any Deed or Memorial which such Negative Search shall give or contain -

On the Officer's Certificate on such Search, over and above all other Duties -

DEFEAZANCE DEED, or other Instrument of Defeazance, of any Conveyance or Disposition apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security for Money or Stock. — See Mortgage.

DEPUTATION for any Person to be a Seneschal or Steward of a Manor

DEPUTATION of a Gamekeeper. — See Certificate.

DISCHARGE for Money. — See Receipt.

DISPENSATION for holding Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or a Dignity and Benefice in Ireland -

Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Armagh, or Master of the Faculties for the Time being

And in all other cases -

/. d.

030

040

0 15 o

1 10 o

TOO

o 10 o

TOO O 10 O

030 o 10 o'

*5 O O

O O

20 O O

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 56;

4 SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

DONATION. — See Presentation.£ s. d.

DRAFT for Money. — See Bill of Exchange.

ENROLMENT of Deeds or other Instruments. — See Release.

EXCHANGE of Lands or other Hereditaments 5 Any Deed or Instrument of Exchange where no Sum of Money, or only a Sum of 300l. (Jiall be paid or agreed to be paid for

Equality of Exchange - - - 100

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet, or

Piece of Paper, after the first - 0 10 0 ^The same Duty as

And where a Sum of 300l. or upwards shall be paid or agreed to for a Conveyance on the Sale of Lands for a Sum of Money < of equal Amount

be paid for Equality of Exchange;

If the Exchange shall be effected by separate Deeds or Instruments

of Conveyance, there shall be paid for the Principal or only with the Money

Deed or Instrument of Conveyance to each Party paid, or agreed to

be paid for Equality of Exchange. - The same Duty as

And if the same shall be effected by mutual Conveyances, in one for a Conveyance on the Sale of Lands

Deed or Instrument, there shall be paid for such Deed or In- s for a Sum of Money

strument - of Tw ice the Amount paid for Equality

- of Exchange,

And for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet

or Piece of Paper, after the first O IO O

EXEMPLIFICATION or Constat, under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Letters Patent or Grant, made or to be made by His Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, or by any of his Royal Predecessors, of any

Honour, Dignity or Promotion, Franchise, Liberty or Privilege to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or of any

Lands, Office or other thing whatsoever - 20 O O

And on every Skin after the first - IOO

EXTRACTS or ABSTRACTS from Registers and Records in Ireland\ — See Copy and Deeds. FURTHER CHARGE. — See Mortgage. GAME CERTIFICATES. — See Certificates.

GRANT or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland;

Of the Honour or Dignity of an Archbishop - I50 O O

of a Duke - - 35° 0 0

- of a Marquis - 300 0 0

- of an Earl 250 0 0

- of a Viscount - 200 0 0

of a Bishop - 100 0 0

of a Baron - 150 0 0

j — of a Baronet - Of any other Honour, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever, or of any Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, to any Person or Per- IOO 0 0

fons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate - - 20 O O

12

GRANT — continued

Duty.

And where Two or more Honours or Dignities shall be granted by the fame Letters Patent to the same Person, such Letters Patent shall be charged with the proper Duty in respect of the highest in point of Rank only.

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, shall be granted to any Person or Persons, in Remainder, the Letters Patent shall be charged with such further Duty, in respect of every Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the fame Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities.

And where any such Grant or Letters Patent shall be contained in more than One Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet or Piece thereof, after the first, a further progressive Duty of -

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties.

Commissions of Rebellion in Process.

Letters Patent, or Briefs for collecting Charitable Benevolences.

Letters Patent for confirming any Dispensation hereinbefore charged with a Duty

GRANT, or Warrant of Precedence to take Rank -

GRANT of an Escheatorship -

Grant of any Land in Fee, Lease for Tears, or other Grant for Profit, and not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Seal of the Exchequer, except Custodiam Leases -

20 o

5o o

20 o

3

o

o

o

GRANT from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, out of the Civil List, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament;

Of any definite and certain Sum and Sums of Money,

Not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 250l.

Amounting to 250l. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 5col. and not amounting to 750l.

Amounting to 750l. and not amounting to i, cool.

Amounting to i, ooool. and upwards; for every iool. thereof Of any Annuity or Pension,

Not amounting to iool. per Annum Amounting to iocl. and not amounting to 200l. per Annum Amounting to 200l. and not amounting to 400l. per Annum Amounting to 400l. and not amounting to 600l. per Annum Amounting to 600l. and not amounting to 8ocl. per Annum Amounting to 800l. and not amounting to i, ooool. per Annum Amounting to i, ooool. per Annum and upwards But where any such Grant of an Annuity or Pension shall be made in Confirmation or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of -

56 Geo. III. 5 N

z 10 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

5 0 0

1 10 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

3° 0 0

40 0 0

5° 0 0

1 10 0

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

GRANT — continued. And where fereral and distinct Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the fame instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the Whole, & t. d.

GRANT, or Appointment by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed or other Writing; Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto,; shall not amount to 50l. per Annum - - And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool. 2 0 0

per Annum - - And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200l. 0 0

per Annum - - - And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300l. 60c

per Annum - - And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l. M O O

per Annum --- And where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to O O vn d

750l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to 35 0 0

1, 00cl. per Annum - And where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 50 0 0

1, 5001. per Annum - - - And where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to 75 0 0

2, ooool. peT Annum - And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 100 0 0

3, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3, 000l. per Annum or upwards The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for Three Years preceding, where practicable; and in other cases, according to the belt Information that can be obtained. And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to Two or more Persons jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the same shall be charged with a separate and distinffc Duty, in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person. Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged, in respect of any Person to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person, shall be in any manner augmented; and in that case, a Duty shall be charged, in respect of such Person, only in Proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation. INDENTURES of Apprenticeship. — See Apprenticeship and Articles. 1 150 0 0 200 0 0

INSTITUTION, granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor or other x.

Ordinary, or by any Ecclesiastical Court, in and to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in Ireland, provided that an Institution to Two or more Benefices, episcopally united, shall be considered as an Institution to a single Benefice - - 2 0

Collation by an Archbishop or Bishop to be considered as equivalent to Presentation and Institution, and subject to the Two Duties accordingly. — See Collation, Licence, and Presentation.

d.

o

INSTRUMENTS of any kind, if to be enrolled. — See Release.

INVENTORY. — See Schedule.

JUDGMENT. — See Assignment and Memorial.

LEASE, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article or Instrument, by any Archbishop or Bishop, or Ecclesiastical Corporation, Aggregate or Sole, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland, of the Estates of such Archbishop or Bishop, or Corporation, in Right of their respective Sees for any Term of Years only, and absolute, not exceeding Twenty one Years in Possession, without any Clause or Covenant for the Renewal thereof, on the First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, of each and every Part thereof

Where the annual Amount of the Rent referred or agreed to be reserved (any penal Rent, or any increased or reserved Rent in the nature of a penal Rent, not being included in such Amount) shall not exceed i ol. And the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed One hundred Pounds

Where the annual Amount of such Rent or of such Fine or Consideration

shall exceed and shall not exceed ^shall exceed and shall not exceed

£10 £20 £ 100 [1150.

?20 £50 £ 15° [1200.

£5° £ 100 £200 £500

£ 100 £»S° £500 £750

£ 15° £ 200 £ 75° £ i, coo

£ 200 £250 £ 1, 000 £ 1, 25°

£*5° £ 3°° £ 1, 250 £ 1, 500

£ 300 £35° £ 1, 50° £, 75°

£400 £ 1, 750 £ 2, 0.00

And where the annual Amount of such Rent reserved, or agreed to be reserved, shall exceed the Sum of 400l. or the Fine shall exceed 2, ooool. then, for every 100l. of the whole Amount of such Rent, or for every 500l. of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of -

And where there shall be both Rent and Fine, the Duty only to be paid in respect of such Rent or Fine as shall be liable to the higher Rate of Duty;

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in any such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article, after the First Skin or Sheet, a Duty of -

5 N 2

o 5 o,

O 10 0

O 15 0

I 0 0

I 10 0

2 0 0

2 10 0

3 0 0

3 10 O

4 0 0

200

o 10 o

LEASE; Relcafe or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article or Instrument, not otherwise charged, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty one Years, whether with or without a Clause or Covenant for the Renewal thereof, or with a Clause or Covenant of Renewal, which shall contain any Stipulation for the Payment of any pecuniary Fine in any way howsoever;

On the First Skin, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, of each and every Part thereof;

Where the annual Amount of the Rent referred or agreed to be referred (any penal Rent, or any increased or reserved Rent in the nature of a penal Rent, not being included in such Amount) shall not exceed ioi. and the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed 100l.

Where the annual Amount

/ kof such Rent

or

of such Fine or Considerations

/shall exceed and shall not exceed^ 'shall exceed and shall not exceed\

£ 10 £10 £ 100 £150

*£20 £ 5° £5° [1200.

£50 £ 100 £ 200 [1500.

£ 100 '£ £5°° £750

£ 15° £ 200 £75° £ 1, 000

£ 200 £ 25° £ 1, 000 act, 250

' £25° £ 3°° £, 250 £ 1, 50°

300 £35 £ ', S°° £'>75°

£ 3 £400 £ 1, 75° £ 2, 000

And where the annual Amount of such Rent reserved, or agreed to be reserved, shall exceed the Sum of 400l. or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of 2, ooool. then for every Tool, of the whole Amount of such Rent, and for every jool. of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of -

Where there shall be both Rent and Fine, Duty to be paid in respect of each, which may be denoted by either One or more Stamps,

o 10

0 iS

1 o

1 10

2 o

2 IO

3 o

3

4 o

2 o

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or'Piece of Paper, in any such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article, after the First Skin or Sheet, a Duty of ... o |o o

LEASE, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article or Instrument, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty one Years, or for any Term of Lives or Years, with Covenant for Renewal thereof, where no pecuniary Fifie shall be reserved or made payable on such Renewal -

And for every Skin after the first - - - o jo o

And in case such Indenture, Lease, Release, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article or Instrument, shall be executed by the Lessor or Leftors therein, or any of them, by Letter of Attorney for that Purpose, then for every Five Pounds of the annual Amount of such Rent reserved, or agreed

Double the Amount v of the Duty payable on the I aftforegoing Leases.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

LEASE — continued. £n /. d.

to be referred, and for every Twenty five Pounds of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty in all cases on the First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any of such Instruments, of - 0 Vi 0

LEASE, Release, Deed or Instrument, for demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, executed by any Master in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, or executed by any Elegit Creditor, or any Lease of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, under Eviction for Nonpayment of Rent, and re-cjeemable, where such Lease shall not exceed the Period during which the same shall continue to be redeemable, on the First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, where such Rent shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds by the Year, or that Rate for a Portion of a Year - - Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of Two hundred Pounds 0 0 0

by the Year, and shall not exceed the Rate of Four hundred Pounds by the Year Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of Four hundred Pounds 100

by the Year, then for every One hundred Pounds of the yearly Rate of such Rent And every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in every such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute or Memorandum, or legal or equitable 0 0 0

Article or Instrument, after the first Skin or Sheet LEGACY. — See Release, and Part the Third of this Schedule. 0 10 0

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Officer, Seaman or Marine, or Soldier serving as a Marine, for Recovery of Prize Money - 0 10

LETTER of Attorney for the Sale, Transfer, Acceptance or Release of Dividends of any Government, Parliamentary or other Stocks or Funds 0 10 0

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, of any other kind, not otherwise charged 0 0 0

LETTER of Attorney empowering any Person to receive Rents in Ireland, except Letters of Attorney to receive Rents under Custodiams or Elegits LETTER of Attorney empowering any Person or Persons to execute any Lease or Leases of Lands in Ireland, on the Part or Behalf of any Lessor or Lessee; If such Letter of Attorney shall be limited to the executing of any Lease or Leases in which the annual Amount of the Rent 0 0

reserved, or to be reserved, (any penal Rent, or any increased or reserved Rent, in the nature of a penal Rent, not being included in such Amount), shall not exceed 5l. and the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed 20l. And where such Letter of Attorney shall not be limited 2 0 0 IO O O

LETTER of Attorney which shall be limited to any larger Rent or Fine, or which shall not specify the Amount of the Rent or Fine to be reserved or received on such Lease - 10 0 0

LETTER of Attorney empowering any Person to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements in Ireland, where the Consideration of such Conveyance shall not exceed iool. 2 0 0

SCHEDULE, PART L

Duty.

LETTER — continued.

And where the Amount of such Consideration shall exceed tool, or where the Amount of the Consideration shall not be expressed in such Letter of Attorney And if any Letter of Attorney shall empower any Person to perform distintt or different Acts charged by this Schedule with separate Duties, then a Duty shall be payable as herein charged with respect to each such Act contained in such Letter of Attorney.

LETTER of Licence from Creditor to Debtor -

s£. s.

10 o

0 10

d.

o

o

LETTERS Patent. — See Grant.

LICENCE, Special, for Marriage, to be issued from the Court of Prerogative in Ireland -

LICENCE to be granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Vicar General or other competent Authority in Ireland, for the Non Residence of any Clergyman upon his Living -

LICENCE of any kind, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland -

Exemption from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Licences to Stipendiary Curatesy where the annual Amount of the Stipend shall be specifiedy and also Licences to Parish Clerks and Parish Schoolmasters, whose respective Emoluments shall not exceed 100l. per Annum. And also Licences for Marriage; except Special Licences hereinbefore charged with a Duty of 5l.

LICENCE to deal in or retail Stamps in Ireland -

LICENCE to insure against Fire -

LICENCE to aQ. as a Notary Public in the City and County of the City of Dublin, or within the City and Liberties of Cork, or within the Cities or Towns of Waterford, Londonderry, Belfast or Newry, or within Five Miles of the said several Cities or Towns respectively

In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described

LICENCE to keep one or more Printing Press or Presses

MARRIAGE LICENCE. — See Licence.

MEMORIAL of any Deed of Conveyance, Will or Devise, which shall be registered or enrolled in the Public Office for registering of such Memorials, or entered in the Courts of Record in Ireland, except those other wise hereby charged -

And for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which the same shall be written, after the first, a Duty of

MEMORIAL of the Assignment of a Judgment; for dach Judgment

assigned;

The Penalty whereof shall not amount to 200l.

Amounting to 200l. and not amounting to 500L

5oo 300 1 10 o

200

050

600

300

010

o 10 o

o 10 ©

° 5

o 10

o o

A.D. 1816. j6* GEORGII III. C. 56. 831

MEMORIAL — continued.

Amounting to 500l. and not amounting to i, cool.

Amounting to i, ooool. and not amounting to 2, ooool. Amounting to 2, ooool. and not amounting to 4, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 400CI. and upwards

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a Duty of

MEMORIAL of any Demise, or of any Agreement to demise

MORTGAGE or other Security of or affecting any Lands, Estate or Property, Real or Personal, whatsoever; also any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate or Property whatsoever, in Trust to be sold or otherwise converted into Money, which shall be intended only as a Security, and shall be redeemable before the Sale or other Disposal thereof, either by express Stipulation or otherwise;

Except where such Conveyance shall be made for the Benefit of Creditors generally, or for the Benefit of Creditors specified, who shall accept the Provision made for Payment of their Debts, in full Satisfaction thereof, or who shall exceed Five in Number.

Also any Defeazance or Deed for defeating or making redeemable any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate or Property whatsoever, which shall be apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security.

Also any Agreement, Contract or Bond, accompanied with a Deposit of any Title Deeds for making a Mortgage, or any such other Security or Conveyance as aforesaid, of any Lands, Estate or Property comprised in such Title Deeds, or for pledging or charging the same as a Security.

Where the fame respectively shall be made as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money advanced or lent at the Time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable, and shall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors, not exceeding 100l.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200l.

Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 300l.

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ooool.

Exceeding i, cool and not exceeding 2, ooooI.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, 000l.

Exceeding 3, ocol. and not exceeding 4, 000l.

Exceeding 4, cool, and not exceeding 5, 000l.

Exceeding 5, ooool. and not exceeding 10, 000l.

Exceeding ic, ooool. and not exceeding 15, 00c!.

Exceeding 15, cool, and not exceeding 20, oocl.

Exceeding 2o, oocl.

strument, after the first Skin And where the fame respectively shall be made as a Security foi the Repayment of Money, to be thereafter lent, advanced or

0

1

1

2

*5

o

5

o

o 10

O

O

o

o

o

6

- 05 0

1 0 0

- 1 5 0

_ 1 10 0

m 2 0 0

m 2 10 0

4 0 0

_ 6 0 0

f 8 0 0

m 10 0 0

- 12 0 0

-5 0 0

20 0 0

or Sheet or

or other In-

0 10 0

832 C-5©

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

MORTGAGE — continued. £. s. d.

paid, or which may become due upon an Account current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the case may be; If the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit - - - But if the Total Amount of the Money secured or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum - «- - - And where the fame respectively shall be made as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stocks and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of any other Company, in Consideration of Stock or Money advanced or lent at the Time, or previously due or owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable - And where the fame respectively shall be made as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also for the Transfer or Retransfer of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each. And in case the fame respectively shall be made as a Security for the Repayment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged for and in respect of each separate and distinct Sum of Money or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein specified and secured, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof. MORTGAGE, &c. Any Transfer, Assignment or Reconveyance of any Mortgage, or of any such other Security as aforesaid, (except otherwise charged\) or of the Benefit thereof, or of the Money or Stock thereby secured in all cases where the Person entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion shall not be made a Party to such Transfer, Assignment or Reconveyance, and also where the Persons who originally made the Mortgage or Security shall continue entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, and shall be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment, provided no further Sum of Money or Stock be added to the Principal Money or Stock already secured; and provided the original Mortgage, or such other Security to be assigned as aforesaid, shall have paid the ad valorem Duty granted by this Act, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages granted by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Chap. 78. intituled 4< An Act to repeal the several 20 0 0^The same Duty as on > a Mortgage for J such limited Sum. - The same Duty as on a Mortgage for a Sum of Money equal to the Value of the Stock or Fund secured, according to the Average Price J thereof on the Day 1 of the Date of the Mortgage or other Instrument aforesaid, or on the laH preceding Day on which an Average Price can be ascertained.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 56.

MORTGAGE — continued\

Duties under the Care of the Commissioners, for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof/*

Where the Amount of the Sum originally secured shall not amount to i, ooool.

Where the Sum shall amount to i, ooool. and upwards And in all other cases such Transfer or Assignment shall be charged with the same Duty as an original Mortgage or other Security. Provided always, that where several distinct Deeds or Instruments falling within the Description of any of the Instruments hereby charged with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, shall be made at the same time for securing the Payment or Transfer of one and the same Sum of Money, or one and the fame Share of any Stock or Fund before mentioned 5 the said act valorem Duty if exceeding il. shall be charged only on one of such Deeds or Instruments, and all the rest shall be charged with the Duty to which the fame may be liable under any more general Description of such Deeds or Instruments contained in this Schedule, and if required for the fake of Evidence, all the rest of such Deeds or Instruments shall be also stamped with some particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty on all the said Deeds or Instruments being produced duly stamped with the Duties hereby charged thereon.

And where there shall be Duplicates of any Deed or Instrument chargeable with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages exceeding il., one of them only shall be charged therewith, and the other or others shall be charged with the Duty to which the fame may be liable under any more general Description in this Schedule; and on the whole being produced, duly stamped, as hereby required, the litter shall also be stamped with a particular Stamp, for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty.

Exemptions from the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, &c. hut not from any other Duty to which the fame may be liable.

Any Deed or other Instrument made in pursuance and conformably to any Agreement, Contrail or Botidy charged withy and which shall actually have paid the said act valorem Duty, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages granted by the AH of the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign before mentioned.

Any Deed or other Instrument made for the further Assurance only of any Estate or Property already mortgagedy pledged or charged as a Security by any Deed or Instrument which shall have paid the said act valorem Duty hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages imposed by the AH of the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, before mentioned.

Any Deed or other lnfirument made as an additional or further Security for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Share or Shares of any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, already secured by any Deed or lnfirument which shall have paid the find ad valorem Duty 56 Geo. III. s O

£. x. d.

1 IO o

2 XO O

0, 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

MORTGAGE — continued. hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages charged by the said AB of the Fifty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reignfball be exempt from the said act valorem Duty hereby charged, so Jar as regards such Sum or Sums of Moneys or such Share or Shares of any of the said Stocks or Funds before securedy in case such additional or further Security shall be made by the same Person or Persons who made the original Security; but if any further Sum of Money or Stock shall be added to the principal Money or Stock alreadysecuredy or shall be thereby secured to any other Person, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of such further Sum of Money or Stocky or in respect of the principal Money or Stock so secured to any other Person. And if necessary for the fake of Evidence> the Deeds and Instruments hereby exempted from the said act valorem Duty> shall befiamped with a particular Stampfor denoting or tefiifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty, upon all the Deeds and Instruments relating to the particular TransaElton being produced, and appearing to be duly stamped with the Duties to which they are liable. t. i.

MORTGAGE or other Security, with a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion, or other matter in the fame Deed $ viz. Where any Deed or Writing shall operate as a Mortgage or other Instrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, and also as a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion of any Lands, Estate or Property therein comprised, to Or in Trust for, or according to the Direction of a Purchaser, such Deed or Writing shall be charged not only with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, but also with the ad valorem Duty hereinbefore charged on a Conveyance on the Sale of any Property; but where the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion shall be thereby conveyed or limited in any other manner, such Deed or Writing shall be charged only as a Mortgage. And in all other cases, where a Mortgage or other Instrument hereby charged with ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, shall be contained in one and the fame Deed or Writing, with any other matter or thing (except what shall be incident to such Mortgage or other Instrument) such Deed or Writinglhall be charged with the fame Duties, except the progressive Duty, as such Mortgage or other Instrument, and such other matter or thing, would have been separately charged with, if contained in separate Deeds or Writings. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece \

of Paper, contained in such Deed or Deeds, or Writing or Writings, after the first Skin or Sheet, a Duty of OlO O

NOTARIAL ACT, any whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum O vn 0

upon which the same shall be written, after the First, a Duty of ORDER for the Payment of Money. — See Bill of Exchange. O O

C. 56. 835

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

PARDQN pr Remission, (except Pardon of or for any Crime or Offence passed in formd pauperis, ) of or for any Crime or Oflfenee, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, exceeding 50l. - & /. d. ..i 0 -'4 O Q

PARTITION of Lands or other Hereditaments, by Deed or Instrument of Partition, where no Sum of Money, or only a Sum under 300l. shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, for Equality of Partition For every Skin or Pieceof Vellum or Parchment, 0* Sheet or Piece of Paper, contained in such Deed, after the First Skin or; Sheet, a Duty of - And where a Sum of 300l. or upwards shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Partition - - 100 O 10 O Tbc same Duty as for a Conveyance on tbt Sale of Lands for a Sum of Money oj < equal Amount with the Money paidf or agreed to be paidt for Equality (tf Par-\ 1^' tittOft, j

And if the same shall be efib&ed by mutual Conveyances in one Deed or Instrument, there shall be paid for such Deed or Instrument - 1- - For every Sheet or Piece of V.ellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first - CThe same Duty as for I a Conveyance on the I Sale of Lands for 4 1 Sum of Money of < twice the Amount of V the Money paid, or I agreed to be paid} I for £ quality of Par-L tit ion, O IO O

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Life or Live?, or upon any Event or Contingency relating to or depending upon any Life or Lives 5 Where the Sum insured shall not amount to 500l. And where it shall amount to 500l. and not aipount to i, ooool. And where it shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 3, 0001* And where it shall amount to 3, 0001. and upwards O IO O IOO 1IOO 2 0 0

POWER of ATTORNEY. — See Letter of Attorney.

PRESENTATION or Donation, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, or by any other Patron 5 To any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, Admission or Promotion, amounting to the Yearly Value of 100l. And for every 100l. of the Yearly Value thereof, exceeding the First 100l. a Year, a further Duty of The Value to be ascertainea by Certificate of the Arch-bishop or Bishop, or Vicar General of the Diocese; provided always, that Two or more Benefices, epif-copally united, shall be deemed one Benefice only. To any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, Admission or Promotion whatsoever in Ireland - - -$ O 2 5 0 0 5 0 0 1 1 10 0

A.D. 1816.

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE, PART 1.

Duty.

PROCEEDING of any kind to be enrolled. — See Release.

PROCURATION, Deed of, or other Instrument of -

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the First Skin or Sheet -

s£. /. d.

0 10 0

0 10 0

PROMISSORY NOTE, whether in the Form of a Bank Note, Bank Post Bill or otherwise, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any Banker or Bankers, who shall have registered his or their Name or Names, or Firm, in manner directed by Law, where the Sum therein expressed shall not amount to 5l.

shall amount to 5l. and not amount to iol.

shall amount to iol. and not amount to 50l.

For Notes amounting to and exceeding 50l. —

- See Inland Bill.

003

00 6

008

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment of any Sum of Money by Installments, or for the Payment of several Sums of Money, at different Days or times, so that the whole of the Money to be paid shall be definite and certain - «.

i- And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be

Promissory Notes, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule; viz.

All Notes, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, either in Cash, or by a Bill or Bills, or Promissory Note or Notes, or for the Delivery of any such Bill or Note, or Bills or Notes, or both, in Payment or Satisfaction of any Sum of Money, where such Drafts or Orders shall require the Payment or Delivery to be made to the Bearer, or to Order, or to the Payee, or shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf.

All Notes promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund which may or may not be available, or upon any Condition or Contingency which may or may not be performed or happen if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, and if the same shall be definite and certain, and not amount in the whole to Twenty Pounds.

All Receipts for Money deposited in any Bank, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, which shall contain any Agreement or Memorandum importing that Interest: shall be paid for the Money so deposited.

' The same Duty as on a Promissory Note, s for a Sum equal to the whole Amount of the Sums to be paid.

Exemptions from the Duties on Promissory Notes.

All Notes, promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition pr Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; where the fame fall not be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, and also where the same shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the same shall amount to Twenty Pounds, or be indefinite.

0

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

PROMISSORY NOTE — continued.

And all other Instruments, bearing in any Degree the Form or Style of Promissory Notes, but which tn Law shall be deemed special Agreements, except those hereby expressly directed to be deemed Promissory Notes.

But such of the Notes and Instruments here exempted from the Duty on Promissory Notes shall nevertheless be liable to the Duty which may attach thereon as Agreements or otherwise.

PROTEST of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for any Sum of Money not amounting to 50J.

Amounting to 50l. and not amounting to 200l.

Amounting to 200l. and upwards -

PROTEST of any other Kind -

PURCHASE DEED. — See Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, &c.

RECEIPT or Discharge for or upon the Payment of Money, or on the Delivery of any Check, Draft, Bill or other Order, for any Sum of Money \

Amounting to 2l. and not amounting to iol.

Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 20l.

Amounting to 20l. and not amounting to 50l.

Amounting to 50l. and not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200l.

Amounting to 200l. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500l. and upwards -

And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be therein expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands

Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Receipts.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Agent for Money intrujied to him on Account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance.

Receipts or Discharges for Stamp Duties paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, or for Sums paid to such Receiver General by reason thereof.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Officer, Seaman, Marine or Soldier, or their Representatives respectively, for or on account of the Wages, Pay or Penfton, due from the Navy Office, Army Pay Office or Ordnance Office.

Receipts for any Sum of Money paid for or on account of the Penjttm of the Widow of any Officer of His Majesty's Land Forces payable in Ireland.

Receipts or Discharges given for the Consideration Money for the Purchase of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or the Stock or Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and for every Dividend paid on any Share of the fa'ul Stocks or Funds respectively.

Receipts given for Money deposited in the Bank of Ireland, or in the House of any regtjlered Banker or Bankers, to be accounted for on Demand, provided the fame be not expressed to be received of or by the Hands of any other than the Person or Persons to whom the fame is to be accounted for, except when the fame is lodged for the Benefit of a Charity.

£. s. d.

050 060 o 10 o

050

0 0 2

004 008 010 0 2 0

O 3'O

o j o

050

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 56.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

RECEIPT - — continued.

Receipts or Discharges written upon Promifvry Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, duly damped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof, or upon Bills of Exchange drawn out of but payable in Ireland.

Receipts or Discharges given upon Bills or Notes. of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

Letters by the General Pofi acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money. Receipts or Discharges indorsed or otherwise written upon, or contained in, any Bond, Mortgage, or other Security, or any Conveyance, Deed, or Infrument whatever, duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof acknowledging the Receipt of the Consideration therein expressed, or the Receipt of any principal Money, Intere/l or Annuity, thereby secured.

Receipts or Discharges exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act of Parliament not expressly repealed in that respect.

Receipts or Discharges by Deeds duly famped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof Receipts or Discharges given for Drawbacks or Bounties for the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandize from Ireland*

Receipts or Discharges for the Return of any Duties of Customs upon Certificates of over Entry,

Duty.

<£* s. d.

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money, Annuity or Annuities, or for the Transfer of any Government or Parliamentary Stock or otherwise -

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant, Contract or Agreement, or for the due Execution of any Office, or to account for Money received, or to be received, or for indemnifying any Pertnr* or Persons against any matter or thing -

I The same Duty as air ( a Bond given for \ the like Purpose.

O o

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant or Statute Staple, and Entry of Record in any Court or Office, not herein otherwise charged

Exemptions.

Recognizance taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace.

Recognizances on Appeal from a Decree or Difmtfs made or pronounced by any AJftflant Barrister in any County in Ireland, or the Chairman of Kilmainham, or by the Recorder of the City of Dublin.

RECONVEYANCE. — See Mortgage.

REGISTER, or Entry of the Degree of a Barrister at Law. — See Admission.

REGISTRY of Deeds or other Acts for Searches for fame. —

- See Deed, Memorial.

RELEASE upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance.

RELEASE, Conveyance or Surrender of any Grant or Crants, or Office or Offices, and any Release or other Deed or Instrument, or Proceeding whatever, (except Indentures of Apprentices to Attornies or Proctors, and AJftgtiments thereofand Alignments of Judgments, J which shall be enrolled*

12

C. 56.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

RELEASE, &c. — continued. j£. r. d

of Record in any of the Courts in the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatsoever, over and above all other Duties 100

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first - 10 0

RELEASE or Discharge of Lands, or other Property, or otherwise, of and from any Legacy or Legacies, or of and from any Part of a Legacy, or of and from any Residue or Share of Residue of the Estate of any Testator or Intestate, falling under the Provisions contained in an Act of the 54th Year of His present Majest's Reign, intituled tc An Act to secure the Payment of Stamp Duties on Probates and Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy or Inteftacy in Ireland" given to any Executor or Administrator who shall have complied with the several Provisions required by Law in respect of such Legacy or Legacies or Residue, and where the Duty or Duties payable thereon by Law shall have been duly paid and satisfied, provided a Certificate of the proper Officer for the time being appointed by the Commissioners of Stamps for the Controlling of Legacy Duties, shall appear endorsed on such Release or Discharge; On the first Skin of such Release, over and above all other Duties On each and every other Skin - - - RELEASE or Discharge of Lands or other Property from any Legacy or Legacies, not falling under the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the 54th Year of His Majest/s Reign RENT Charge. — See Annuity and Conveyance. RENUNCIATION upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance. 100 0 10 0 Such Duty or Duties as such Legacy or Legacies were fuljeB to at the time J such Legacy or Le-» gacies became payable, not out thjlanding the then existing Duties may have been since repealed

REQUEST NOTE, or Requisition for any Permit inquired to be granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or other Person duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any exciseable or other Goods, and on any Request Note or Requisition for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law - - 0 2 O

REVOCATION of any Ufe or Trust, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning Estates or Property, Real or Personal, where made by any Writing not being a Deed or Will - - - For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or IOO

Piece of Paper, after the first - - SETTLEMENT. — Any Deed or Instrument, whether voluntary or gratuitous, or upon any good or valuable Consideration, other than a bond jide pecuniary Consideration, whereby any definite and certain principal Sum or Sums of Money, or any Annuity (whether charged or chargeable on Lands or other Hereditaments, or not , or to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands orjpther Hereditaments, or not \ and if charged or chargeable on Lands 'Wother Hereditaments, whether to be raised at all Events or not5) or any definite or certain Share or Shares in any of the O IO O

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

SETTLEMENT — continued. j£. s. d.

Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock or Funds of the Governor and (jompany of the Bank of Ireland, shall be settled, or agreed to be settled, upon or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, either in Possession or Reversion, either absolutely or conditionally, or contingently, or for Life or other partial Interest, or in any other manner whatsoever. If such Sum or Sums of Money, or the Value of such Share or Shares in all or any of the said Stocks or Funds, or of any Annuity or Annuities, or of such One or more of the said Articles as shall be so settled, or agreed to be settled, shall not amount to i, ooool. - And if the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 2, ooool. And if the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3, ooool. And if the same shall amount to 3, 0001. and not amount to 4, ooool. And if the same shall amountto 4, ooool. and not amount to 5, 0001. And if the same shall amount to 5, 0001. and not amount to 7, ooool. And if the same shall amount to 7, ooool. and not amount to 9, 0001. And if the same shall amount to 9, ooool. and not amount to i2, ooool. And if the same shall amount to i2, ooool. and not amount to 15, 0001. And if the same shall amount to 15, 0001. and not amount to 20, cool. And if the same shall amount to 20, 0001. or upwards The Value of such Annuity to be ascertained by the Tables appended to the before recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled < An Act to securethe Payment of Stamp Duties on Probates and Letters of Admin lstration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by c Legacy or Inteftacy in Ireland/ and as therein described, and any such Annuity to be taken as a Sum to that Amount in ascertaining such ad valorem Duty as above charged. Exemptions from the preceding ad valorem Duties on Settlements. Bonds, Mortgages and other Securities operating as Settlements if chargeable with the ad valorem Duties on Bonds and Mortgages hereinbefore granted. Deeds or Instruments of Appointment or Apportionment, in Execution of Powers given by any previous Settlement, Deed or Willy to or in Favour of Persons specially named or described as the ObjeB of such Powers Deeds or Instruments merely declaring the Trujls of any Money or Stock pursuant to any previous Settlement, Deed or Willy or for securing any. Gifts or Difpfitions made by any previous Settlement, Deed or Willy where such Deed or Settlementshall have paid the ad valorem Duties granted by this ABy or by the said before recited Act of the $$tb Geo. III. Willsy Testaments or Tef amentary Infruments, and Dispositions Mortis Causa, of every Description. SURRENDER upon the Sale of any Lands or other Property. — — See Conveyance. 1 15 O 200 300 400 5 0 0 700 900 12 O O 15 O O 20 O O 25 O O

SURRENDER (not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duties), of any Term or Terms of Years, or of any Freehold or uncertain Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet 0* I cy 0

Piece of Paper, after the first - - - 0 10 0

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII IIt

C. 56.

SCHEDULE; — PART THE SECOND.

Containing the Duties on LAW, EQUITY, and other PROCEEDINGS.

Which Duties are to be paid and payable for and in respect of every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the several Instruments, matters and things, herein charged shall be respectively written or printed , except where the Duties are imposed according to the Number of Words therein contained, or are expressly charged in any other manner.

And all the Instruments, matters and things herein charged with a Duty, in respect of every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the same shall be written or printed, shall respectively be written or printed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and in such and the same manner and Form, as the like Instruments, matters or things have been heretofore accustomed to be, or are now usually written or printed (except otherwise. direEIed).

And where a Court of Law or Equity is mentioned generally, the same shall be taken to mean not only the Four Courts in the City of Dublin, but also any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings.

PART THE SECOND. Duty.

I. PROCEEDINGS in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland. & s. d.

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read, or used in the said Court O 2 0

ALLEGATION or Petition in the said Court, on each and every Sheet

containing any Quantity of Words O 4 0

ANSWER in the said Court, on each and every Sheet containing any

Quantity of Words - - 0 4 0

APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any Interlocutory Decree or Order of the said Court - - 10 0 0

APPEARANCE, on the Entry of, for each Defendant 0 4 0

ATTACHMENT issuing out of the said Court - I 2 6

BAIL BOND, or Recognizance, taken in the said Court, or by Commission

from the same, where the Sum inserted therein shall not exceed 50l. 0 5 0

And where the Sum inserted therein shall exceed 50l. and shall not

exceed 1501..- - 0 10 0

And where the same shall exceed 1501. - 0 XS 0

CITATION, Monition, or Warrant issuing out of the said Court, including such Summons as may issue for the Attendance of any Witness,

on each and every Copy thereof, served on any Party - 0 5 0

COMMISSION issuing out of the said Court 0 10 0

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of the said Court, of any Affidavit filed, read or used in the said Court - - 0 0 3

56 Geo. III. 5 P

5* GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

G5&

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of the said Court, of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, DepoGtions or Inventory, filed in the said Court, for each and every Sheet, containing any Quantity£. /. d.

1 1 1 «s 1 £ M O a 1 0

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of the said Court, of any Interlocutory Decree otr Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree made in the said Court - - 00 0

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of the said Court, of any Rale or Order made or given on any Petition or Motion, or otherwise, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court or otherwise 0 1 0

DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, save those having the force of a definitive Sentence, made in the said Court ... 0 10 0

DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, having the Force or Effect of definitive Sentence - - - loo

DEPOSITIONS taken in the said Court, or by Commission from the same, for each and every Skin of Parchment containing any Quantity of Words 0 0

EXCEPTIONS of any Kind whatsoever, upon each and every Sheet of Paper or Skin of Parchment on which the lame shall be written, containing any Quantity of Words --- 040

EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of the said Court, of any Record or Proceeding therein - - - 0 15 0

INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in the said Court* for each and every Skin of Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, containing any Quantity of Words - INVENTORY filed or exhibited in the said Court ... LIBEL filed or exhibited in the said Court MONITION issuing out of the said Court - RECOGNIZANCE. — See Bail Bond. Q 4 O O40 j O 4 O ° J Q

RELAXATION of any Attachment or Inhibition issued out of the said Court loo

RELEASE issuing out of the said Court - a x a

RULE or ORDER made or given on any Petition or Motion, or otherwise, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Coart or otherwise - 0 1*0

SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of the said Court 100

SENTENCE Interlocutory - - - WARRANT. — See Citation. Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. All Process and other Proceedings whatsoever, taken by ar on Behalf of Seamen, in Suits for Recovery of Seamen s Wages. 0 10 0

II. PROCEEDINGS in the Ecclesiatticaii Courts, and in the High Court of Delegates, in Ecclesiastical Matters, in Ireland. AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read or used in any of the said Courts 020

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts 1 04*

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

e. d.

ANSWER ip any of the said Courts - 0 4 .0

APPEARANCE, on the Entry of each Appearance in the Court of Prerogative, and in the Conilftorial Court in Dublin, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry - - - 1 0 4 0

APPEARANCE in any other Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland > on the Sheet " or Piece of Paper on which the Appearance of each Defendant shall be entered, and not on the Entry thereof - - 0 2 0

APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any interlocutory Decree or Order of the Prerogative Court, or from the Metropolitan Side of any Archiepiscopal Court - - - -'10 0 0

APPEAL from any Diocesan Court, or from the Consistorial Side of any Archiepiscopal Court, except Appeals in Suits for Tidies 5 O 0

CITATION, primary, issuing out of any of the said Courts, not otherwise charged 0 7 6

CITATION, not primary, iiTuing out of any of the said Courts, not otherwise charged - - - 0 5 0

CITATION in any Suit for Tithes - 0 X 0

COMMISSION issuing out of the said Courts, not herein otherwise particularly charged - 0 7 6

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of the said Courts, of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any of the said Courts 0 0 3

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of the said Courts of any Inventory filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts, for each Sheet containing any Quantity of Words - - - 0 5 0

COPY of any Citation, Monition, Mandate, Prohibition, Summons or Requisition, issuing out of any of the said Courts, for Service on any Party Impugnant, or other Party, on any Pro&or or other Person on Behalf of such Party, except otherwise charged or expressly exempted from Duty 0 S 0

COPY of every Citation in Suits for Tithes 0 1 0

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of the said Courts, of any other Process, of what Nature or Kind soever - 0 s 0

COPY, aftefted or otherwise, issuing out of the said Courts, of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories or Depositions filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts, for each and every Skin of Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, containing any Quantity of Words - - 0 I 0

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of any of the said Courts, of any Interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence, or final

Decree, of any of the said Courts - 0 5 P

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of the said Courts, of any Rule or Order made or given on any Petition or Motion, or otherwise, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court or otherwise, and hot otherwise charged - 0 1 0

5^2

A.D. 1816.

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

DECREE final, or definitive Sentence, or any Order Interlocutory, having <e.

the Force of a definitive Sentence, in any of the said Courts, not otherwise charged - - - 0 10 0

DECREE final, or definitive Sentence, or any Order Interlocutory, having the Force of a definitive Sentence, in any of the said Courts, in Suits for Recovery of Tithes - 0 1 0

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same - - - 0 5 0

DISMISS - - - 0 7 6

EXCEPTION to Allegation, Libel, Answer, Deposition, Report or other Pleading, upon each and every Sheet of Paper, or Skin of Parchment, containing such Exception or Exceptions - - - 0 5 0

EXEMPLIFICATION under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein - - 1 10 0

INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts 0 10 0

INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts 0 4 0

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts - 0 5 0

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts ... 0 4 0

MANDATE issuing out of the said Courts - 0 5 0

MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts 0 5 0

ORDER. — See Rule. PETITION, on the Entry of each, in the High Court of Delegates, in the Courts of Prerogative and Consistorial Courts in Dublin, except in Suits for Tithes or otherwise - 0 3 0

PETITION, in any other Ecclesiastical Court, except in Suits for Tithes on I the Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written 0 3 0

PETITION in any Ecclesiastical Court in any Suit for Tithes 0 1 0

PROCESS of Contempt for not appearing, or for not answering, on each - 0 5 0

PROCESS of whatsoever other Nature or Kind Soever, not otherwise charged, that shall issue out of the said Courts - 0 5 0

RELEASE of any Kind relating to any Proceeding carrying on in the said Courts, not otherwise charged - - - 0 10 0

RENUNCIATION of any Kind - 0 10 0

REQUISITION - - - 0 7 6

RULE or ORDER, on the Entry thereof, made or given on any Petition or Motion in the High Court of Delegates, and in the Court of Prerogative and Consistorial Court in Dublin, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court, or otherwise - 0 1 0

RULE or ORDER made in any other Ecclesiastical Court, on each Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the fame'shall be written 0 1 0

SENTENCE Interlocutory - t. 0 10 0

SENTENCE Definitive, or Final Decree or Order having the Force thereof, of any of the said Courts -

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties.

All Proceedings in Suits for Tithes, except where expressly charged in the foregoing Schedule.

s.

o 10

III. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin, and in all other Courts in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings.

ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and the Sheriffs of Dublin, and in the Courts of all Corporations, and in all other Courts in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage exceeds Forty Shillings; on each Action or Plaint, except where the Debt or Damage claimed or demanded shall not exceed Forty Shillings

AFFIDAVIT, Affirmation or Deposition, not hereby otherwise charged or expressly exempted, taken before any Person or Persons authorized by Law to take the fame -

AFFIDAVIT made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application against a

Coroner or Sheriff -

ANSWER in any Court of Equity -

APPEARANCE (on the Entry of any) in any of the Courts held in Dublinf to any Action or Suit in any such Court, holding Plea where the Debt or Damage exceeds Forty Shillings, by any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor or other Agent, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry -

APPEARANCE in any other Court, on the Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the Appearance of each Defendant shall be written

ASSIGNMENT of a Bail Bond by any Sheriff or other Officer

ASSIGNMENT of Judgments. — See General Schedule, Part I.

BAIL Common, to be filed in any Court of Law -

BAIL Special, to be filed in any Court of Law -

BAIL BOND taken by any Sheriff or other Officer -

BANKRUPTS Certificate; the Confirmation thereof, by the Lord Chancellor, or by the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal -

o 1

o 2

O s

o 4

o 4

o 4

O I

O I

o 4

BILL filed in any Court of Equity -

CERTIFICATE by any Master of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, of any Default of any Person, in any Suit, or Proceeding before them

CERTIFICATE of the Number of Stamps appearing on the Face of any Pleading in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer -

CHARGE or Discharge filed in any Court of Equity -

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

o

o

846 C. 56. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

SCHEDULE, PART H. Duty.

COMMISSION to take Affidavits, or Special Bail, out of any Court of d.

Law or Equity I 5 O

COMMISSION of Bankrupt - - 0 10 O

COMMISSION of Lunacy I 0 0

COMMISSION out of any Court of Law or Equity, for the Examination of Witnesses, or taking Depositions - 0 10 O

COMMISSION of any other Kind, out of any Court of Law or Equity, except Commissions of the Peace - - 0 10 O

COPY attested of any Charge or Discharge filed in any Court of Equity - 0 1 O

COPT attested of any Account or Report hied in any Cause in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer - -.- 0 3 O {

COPY of any Account or Report filed in Chancery in the Matter of any Minor or Lunatic - - 0 a 6

COPY or Extract, attested or otherwise, of any Accounts issued by the Accountants General of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, m any Suit or Matter whatsoever, on each and every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the fame may be written -.0 3 0

COPY attested, or otherwise, issuing from any Public Office, of any Affidavit therein filed, which Copy shall be read or used in any Court of Law or Equity, except in Actions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage or Thing claimed and demanded, shall not exceed the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings - - 0 0 3

COPY attested of any Affidavit made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application against a Sheriff or Coroner - 0 0 6

COPY attested, or otherwise issuing from any Public Office, of any Bill, Answer, Demurrer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder or other Pleading, or of any Interrogatories or Depositions by Commission or otherwise in any Court of Equity - 0 0 4

COPY issuing from any Public Office, of any Declaration in EjeSment, or other Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court of Law - 0 0 4

COPY of any Record to be furnished to any of the Judges, for hearing of Causes in Error in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, or in the Court of Delegates - - - 0 0 4

COPY attested, or otherwise, issuing from any Public Office of Interrogatories, or the Depositions or Answers thereto, in any Court of Law - 0 0 4

COPY issuing from any Public Office, of any Rule or Order, made or given on any Petition or Motion, or otherwise, in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where die Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in Open Court, or by any Judge or other Officer of such Courts respectively, by w*y of a Fiat for an Order.- 0 1 0

A»E>. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 56.

SCHEDULE, PART IL Duty.

COPY of any Summons whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear or answer to the Plaintiff'9 Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Seneschal or Steward of a Manor, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary Way by Civil Bill, save and except Senefehals or Stewards of a Manor holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall not exceed Forty

Shillings - - 01 a

COPY or Extratt, attested or otherwise, made by any Officer or Clerk, in or belonging to any of the Public Offices, of any Record, Report or Proceeding whatever, in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, or in any Public Office, and not otherwise charged in this Schedule, except the Certificates of the Entry of Appearances of Petitions, or of the Entry or Satisfaction of any Judgment or Judgments 010

COPY attested, or otherwise, issuing out of any Public Office, of any Decree, Dismission, or Order* made in or by the Court of Chancery - 04 6

COPY attested, or otherwise, issuing out of any Public Office, of any Decree, Dismission, Order, or Award, made in or by the Court of Exchequer --- 0 4 6

COPY of any Writ, Mandate or other Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the Courts of Dublin, for Service on any Party 006

CROWN BONDS, Search for, commonly called a Negative Search for Crown Bonds, or any other Bonds lodged in any Public Office, or in any Court in Ireland, issuing from any such Office, against any Person, whether such Search shall contain any Extract of any such Bond or otherwise; On the Officer's Certificate subscribed thereto for each Person, as to whom such Search shall be made - - - 0 10 0

CROWN BONDS, Search for, commonly called a Common Search for Crown Bonds, or other Bonds issuing from any of the Public Offices belonging to any Court in Ireland, or otherwise, whether such Search shall contain any Extract of any such Bond or otherwise, and whether such Search shall be signed by or on Behalf of any Officer or Clerk of such Public Office , for each Person as to whom such Search shall be made -- - 0 3 0

CUSTODIAM under the Seal erf the Exchequer, grounded on Outlawry in any Civil Action - - - CUSTODIAM, Search for, the fame Duties as on Searches for Crown Bonds. 0 10 0

DECLARATION in any Court of Law - r - 040

DECREE or Dismission made in or by the High Court of Chancery, written on Paper and signed by the proper Officer - - - 046

DECREE or Dismission made in or by the Court of Exchequer, written on Paper and signed by the proper Officer DECREE which shall be made or pronounced by, or any Warrant which shall iffixe under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Town Clerk or Seneschal, or by any Judge of Assize, or other Judge whatsoever, in Causes beard by Civil 046

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 56.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

Bill, except Decrees by any Seneschal or Steward of a Manor where s. d.

the Debt or Damages do not exceed Forty Shillings*Where the Sum decreed shall be unaer 5l. 0 2 0

And where the Sum decreed shall amount to 5l. and not amount to iol. - - 0 4 6

And where the Sum decreed shall amount to iol. or upwards 0 7 6

DECREE. — Renewal of a Decree or Difmifs, by whomsoever made, on any Proceeding by Civil Bill, save as aforesaid ... 0 1 6

DEMURRER in any Court of Law ... 0 4 0

DEMURRER in any Court of Equity - -.0 4 0 j

DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of a Commission out of any Court of Equity (except the Paper Drafts thereof before the same are ingrossed) 0 4 0

DEPOSITIONS in answer to any Interrogatories in any Court of Law - 0 4 0 1

DISMISS made or pronounced by any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Bar-rider or Judge of Assize - - - 0 4 c

DISMISS made or pronounced by any Seneschal or Steward of any Manor in any Proceeding by Civil Bill, lave as aforesaid 0 I 6

ENROLLMENT of any Proceeding. — See Release in the First Part of this Schedule. EXCEPTIONS filed in any Court of Equity, for each Exception, whether alone or joined with any others or other - 0 5 0

EXCEPTIONS filed in the Matter of any Bankrupt or Lunatic95 0

EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Proceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal, charged in the First Part of this Schedule) 0 l5 0

GRANT of the Custody of the Person or Estate of any Lunatic. — See Commission of Lunacy. INDENTURES or Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, for each Part or Indenture - ... 0 10 0

INQUISITION taken by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or by or before any Coroner or EKfor, in any Action at Law, or under any Act of Parliament - - 0 10 0

INQUISITION to be enrolled, of any Kind, for each Sheet or Piece of raper or Parchment on which the fame may be written or ingrossed - 1 0 0

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Law - 0 4 0

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Equity, or in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy - - 0 4 0

JUDGMENT Interlocutory, in any Court of Law in Ireland 0 5 0

JUDGMENT (not Interlocutory), on the Entry thereof in any of the superior Courts at Dublin; For any Sum under 100l. - 0 6 0

For icol. and not exceeding 200l. - - - 0 11 0 1

And for every jogI. after the Sum of 200l. a further Duty of - 0 0 6

Where the Sum in such Judgment shall exceed 200l. or any pro-greflive Sum of 100l. each, by any fra&ional Part of 100l. for fugh fra&ional Part - 0 0 i

JUDGMENTS, Search for, commonly called a Negative Search for Judgments appearing on Record in any Court in Ireland against any Person, issued from any of the Public Offices of any Court in Ireland, whether such Search shall contain any Extra# or Extracts of ajiy Judgment or not, on the Officer's Certificate subscribed thereto, for each Person as to whom such Search shall be made -

o

IO

d.

o

JUDGMENTS, Search for, ' commonly called a Common Search for Judgments issuing from any of the Public Offices of any Court in Ireland, whether such Search shall contain any Extra# of any Judgment or Judgments, or not, or whether such Search shall be signed by or on Behalf of any Officer or Clerk of any such Public Office, for each Person against whom such Search shall be made -

030

JUDGMENT. — See Assignment and Memorial.

LETTERS of Guardianship under the Great Seal of Ireland

ORDER or Rule made or given in any of the Courts at Dublin % whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court on Motion, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively in his Chamber, by way of Fiat for an Order, or otherwise* or whetner the fame be issued or not, except on Petitions;

For the Entry of every such Rule or Order in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer of any Court in Dublin for that Purpose, whether written on One or more Sheets or Leaves -

ORDER or Rule made or given in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth exceed 40s. whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court on Motion, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively in his Chamber, by way of Fiat for an Order or otherwise, or whether the same shall be issued or not

Except such as shall be made on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor.

© I ©

Oio

PETITION, on the Entry of, in any Suit in any of the Courts at Dublin, a s also in all Matters of Bankruptcy, of Lunacy, of Minors, and in all other Matters presented to the Court of Chancery or to the Lord Chancellor, or to the Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal...

PETITION in any other Court, not otherwise charged, on each Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written -

PLEA in any Court of Law -

PLEADING of any Rind, in any Court of Law or Equity, not otherwise charged in this Schedule -

POSTEA...

PROCESS, commonly called Process of Contempt, on each, not to contain more than Four Defendants -

PROCESS of Contempt, on the Entry of each and every Process for not appearing, or for not answering, which shall be entered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, for each Defendant -

56 Geo. III. 5 Q

04 6

030

040

040

0100

010 C 2 O

C. 56.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

s. d.

0 10 0

0 10 0

0 2 6

RECORD of Nisi Prius -

RECOGNIZANCE conditioned for the Payment of any Money or for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement entered into during the Progress of any Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity

RECOGNIZANCE on any Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss, by whomsoever made or pronounced, in any Proceeding by Civil Bill

RECOGNIZANCE, Search for, commonly called a Negative Search for Recognizances appearing on Record in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, against any Person, whether such Search shall contain any ExtraS or Exira&s of any Recognizance or Recognizances or otherwise, on the Officer's Certificate subscribed thereto, for each Person as to whom such Search shall be made - - a- -

RECOGNIZANCE, Search for, commonly called a Common Search for Recognizances issuing from the Court of Chancery, or the Revenue or Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, against any Person, whether such Search shall contain any Extract or Extracts of any such Recognizance or Recognizances or otherwise, for each Person as to whom such Search shall be made -

REJOINDER in any Court of Law -

REJOINDER in any Court of Equity -

REPLICATION in any Court of Law -

REPLICATION in any Court of Equity* -

REPORT made by any Master of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy -

RULE or Order. — See Order and Copt Order.

RULES to plead and reply, and all other Rules, of any of the said Courts at Dublin, not issued as above-mentioned, but which shall be entered in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer for that Purpose, for the Entry of every such Rule -

SEARCHES. — See Crown Bonds, Custodiams, Judgments, Recognizances, and the First Part of this Schedule for Registered Deeds.

SUBPCENA. — See Writ.

SUMMONS, or Process, whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear or answer the Plaintiff's Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Seneschal or Steward of a Manor-Court, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary Way by Civil Bill -

Save and except Seneschals and Stewards of a Manor holding Plea where the Debt or Damage shall not exceed Forty Shillings. For the Duty on the Copy of the fame. —

- See Copy of any Summons.

14

o 10

o

o

o

o

o

3

4 o

4 o 4 o 4 ©

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

SUMMONS issued by any Judge of any of the Superior Courts of Law - s. d. 020

SUMMONS issued by any Judge of a Court of Equity - - Except such as shall be issued on the Application of any Prisoner or Infqlvent Debtor. 020

WARRANT or Summons issued by any Mailer of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer or his Deputy, or by any of the Chief or Deputy Prothonotaries of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, or by the Chief or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas in the Exchequer, or by any of the Chief or DeputyRegistrars of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or by any other Officer or Officers of any Court of Law or Equity, or in any other Court in Ireland, not otherwise charged or expressly exempted from Stamp Duty, for the Purpose of proceeding to settle any Decree or Proceeding on any Order of Reference, or taxing Cores, or any other Purpose for which Summonses or Warrants are usually issued by such Officers respectively -- 010

WARRANT to any Attorney to enter up a Judgment or satisfy a Judgment entered of Record in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in 'Dublin, or elsewhere - - 0 2 6

WARRANT of Attorney or Consent, or other Writing, to vacate any Recognizance entered into in the Court of Chancery or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, or any Order obtained to vacate the fame - WRIT of Appeal - 050 100

WRIT of Covenant for levying a Fine - 2 0 0

WRIT of Entry for fuflfering a Common Recovery - 2 0 0

WRIT of Error, or Certiorari, on any Appeal in any Civil Case (except from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Diocesan or Archiepiscopal Court, or from any Dismiss or Decree on any Civil Bill, or from any Manor Court) - I © O

WRIT of Supersedeas of a Commission of Bankrupt 0 2 6

WRIT of Habere Facias Seifinam or Po/Te/Konem, or Writ of Restitution or Possession - 0 10 0

WRIT, Mandate, Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, or other Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of, or pass the Seal of, any of the Courts in Dublin, whether the fame be the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclesiastical Courts --- GENERAL EXEMPTIONS from all Stamp Duties. All Proceedings for or on the Behalf of any Person legally admitted to I sue or defend in forma Pauperis. 5 Q 2 0 ft 0

85 2

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 56.

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; and on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal Estate; and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal Estates upon Inteftacy.

PART THE THIRD.

PROBATE of a Will or Letters of Administration to be granted in Ireland, and any Letter of Administration, except Admin^rations pendente life, of whatever Number of Skins or Pieces of Parchment or Vellum, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper the fame may con lift;

Where the Estates and Effects, for or in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Administration respectively shall be granted (exclusive of what the Deceasedshall have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trufiee for any other Person or Persons and not beneficially),

shall be of the Value of 30l. and under the Value of iool.

shall be of the Value of iool. and under the Value of 200b shall be of the Value of 200b and under the Value of 300l.

shall be of the Value of 300b and under the Value of 400b shall be of the Value of 400l. and under the Value of 500l.

shall be of the Value of 500b and under the Value of 600l.

shall be of the Value of 6ccb and under the Value of 700l.

shall be of the Value of 700l. and under the Value of 800b.shall be of the Value of Sool. and under the Value of 900b shall be of the Value of 900l. and under the Value of i, ooool.

shall be of the Value of l, ooool. and under the Value of 1, 500b -

shall be of the Value of 1, 500b and under the Value of 2, ooool. -shall be of the Value of 2, ooool. and under the Value of 3, 5001.

shall be of the Value of 3, 5001. and under the Value of 5, ooool. -shall be of the Value of 5, cool, and under the Value of 7, 5001.

shall be of the Value of 7, 500b and under the Value of io, oocl. -shall be of the Value of 10, 000l. and under the Value of 12, 500l. -shall be of the Value of 12, 500b and under the Value of 15, 000b -shall be of the Value of 15, 000b and under the Value of 17, 500b -shall be of the Value of 17, 500b and under the Value of 20, 000b -shall be of the Value of 20, 000b and under the Value of 25, 000b -shall be of the Value of 25, 000b and under the Value of 30, 000b -shall be of the Value of 30, 000b and under the Value of 35, 000b -shall be of the Value of 35, 000b and under the Value of 40, 000b -shall be of the Value of 40, 000b and under the Value of 45, 000b -shall be of the Value of 45, 000b and under the Value of 50, 000b -shall be of the Value of 50, 000b and under the Value of 60, 000b -shall be of the Value of 6o, ooool. and under the Value of 70, 000b -shall be of the Value of 70, 000b and under the Value of 80, 000b -shall be of the Value of 80, 000b and under the Value of 90, 000b -shall be of the Value of 90, 000b and under tfye Value of ioo, ooool. shall be of the Value of 100, 000b and under the Value of 125, 000b shall be of the Value of 125, 000b and under the Value of 150, 000b shall be of the Value of 150, 000b and under the Value of 175, 000b shall be of the Value of 175, 000b and under the Value of 200, 000b shall be of the Value of 200, 000b and under the Value of 250, 000b shall be of the Value of 250, 000b and under the Value of 300, 000b

Duty.

£. /. d.

0 IO 0

I IO 0

2 O 0

3 O 0

4 O 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

7 0 0

8 0 0

9 0 0

>5 0 0

20 0 0

35 0 0

60 0 0

75 0 0

90 0 0

no 0 0

*35 0 0

160 0 0

0 0

210 0 0

260 0 0

310 0 0

360 0 0

410 0 0

460 0 0

55° 0 0

650 0 0

750 0 0

850 0 0

950 0 0

1, 200 0 0

1, 400 0 0

i>6oo 0 0

2, 000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

3, 000 e 0

SCHEDULE, PART III.

Duty.

PROBAT L — continued.

shall be of the Value of 300, 000l. and under the Value of 350, 0001. shall be of the Value of 350, 000l. and under the Value of 400, 0001. shall be of the Value of 400, 0001. and under the Value of joo, ooool. shall be of the Value of 500, 0001. or upwards

LETTERS of Administration, pendente lite -

Exemptions.

Letters of Administration, or Probate of the Willy of the Goods, Chattels and Effie&s of any Non Commissioned Officer, Common Seaman9 Marine or Soldier, uho shall be fain or die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Letters of Administration y de bonis non.

Probates thai shall be taken out by any Executor, coming after another Executor shall have obtained Probate of the same.

RECEIPT or Discharge for any Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, given by any Will or Teflamentary Instrument, and charged upon or given out of any Real or Personal Estate, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged.

Also for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying testate or intestate, or for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Residue devised to any Person or Persons of any Monies arising, or that may arise, by the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument {after deducing all Debts, Funeral Expences. Legacies and other Charges first made payable thereout) if any.

For every iool. of the Value of any such Legacy, or Residue, or Part or Proportion of Residue, paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, and for any fradional Part thereof, over and above any Sum or progressive Sums of iool. the Sums following, viz.

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, a Duty of Where any such Legacy or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased -

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased And where any such Legacy or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any more remote Degree of Collateral Confan-guinity to the Deceased than is before described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased, or to

£. J. d.

3, 500 O O

4, 000 O O

5, 000 O O

6, 000 O e

S O 0

1 s o

200

2 10 o

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 56.

RECEIPT — «continued.

any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Public In-ftitutions save Charitable Institutions)

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall nave been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Child of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Child of the Deceased -

£. s. d.

5oo

c 10 o

Exemptions.

Legacies and Residues, or Shares of Refdue, of any such Estate or Effects as aforesaid, given or devolving to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceased, or to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family

Legacies given for the Education or Maintenance of poor Children in Ireland, or to be applied in Support of any Public Charitable In-flitution in Ireland, or for any Purpose merely charitable.

Legacies confijiing of Books, Prints, PiBures, Statues, Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural History, or other specific Articles, which shall be given or bequeathed to or in Trust for any Body Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and preserved by such Body Corporate, Society or School, and not for the Purpose of Sale.

Forms of Affidavits to be required and received from Persons applying for Probates of Wills, and Letters of Administration of the Value of the Personal Estate and Effects of the Deceased,

No. 1. For Executors.

A. E. of an Executor [or Executrix, or A. E. of and

B. E. of Executors, or Executor and Executrix, as the case may be] named in the

last Will and Testament [or in a Codicil annexed to the last Will and Testament] of C. T. [the Testator] late of yrho died on the Day of 18

maketh Oath and faith, [or make Oath and say; or in the case of Quakers, do or doth solemnly affirm and declare] that he [(he or they] hath [or have] made diligent Search and due Enquiry after and in respect of the Personal Estate and Effects of the said Deceased, in order to ascertain the full Amount and Value thereof; and that to the best of his [her or their] Knowledge, Information, and Belief, the whole of the Goods and Chattels, Rights and Credits of which the said Deceased died possessed within the Province [or Diocese] of confiding of the Property, Monies, Securities, matters and things, specified in the Account annexed to this Affidavit, are under the Value of £ exclusive of what the Deceased may have been

possessed of, or entitled to, as a Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially, and without deducing any thing on account of the Debts due and owing from the Deceased: And that according to the Knowledge, Information and Belief of this Deponent [or these Deponents] the said Deceased had also [or had not] other Personal Estate and Effects at the time of his [or her] Decease, within the Province [or Diocese] of [or within any other

Province or Diocese in Ireland.]

Sworn, on the Day of 7 [To be signed by A. E.

18 before me, J the Deponents] B, E.

No. 2. For Administrators.

B. A. of [and C. A. of ] in order to the due Administration of the Personal Estate and Effects of D.I. [the Inteflate'fizte of who died on the

Day of intestate, maketh Oath and faith, 8tc. [<w in the

preceding Flrm.J

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 56.

SCHEDULE, PART III.

An ACCOUNT of the ESTATE and EFFECTS of the late

Household Goods, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Books, Plate, Jewels, &c. Price of Stocks. £. s. J.

Property in the Stocks or Funds transferrable at the Bank.

Leasehold Property.

Property in Public Companies.

Money out on Mortgage and other Securities*

Real Estate devised to be sold, or Value of Legacies charged on Real Estate.

Stock in Trade, Farming Stock and Implements of Husbandry.

Other Personal Property not comprised under the foregoing Heads*

A.D. 1816.

C. 56. 56° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULEPART THE FOURTH.

Containing the Duties on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS; and in respect of Articles not {lamped on VELLUM, PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FOURTH.

Any Newspaper or Paper containing public News, Intelligence or Occurrences -

Any Hand Bill, or Bill for Polling, containing a {ingle Advertisement, except Hand Bills, or Bills for Polling respecting Charities, Robberies, Murders, Loss of Property, and Sales under Distress Warrants, or Executions, or for Rent -

Any Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year or for any time less than a Year -

Any Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any longer time than a Year, or for several Years Any Dublin Directory -

Any Army Lift, or any List of Attornies, Solicitors, or Conveyancers, duly admitted, and having paid Duty on their Certificates (except such Lifts respectively as shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being) -

Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland\ printed or published daily, weekly, monthly or at any other time or times, as an Account or Abstract of Account of such Goods \ for each Day's Account or Abstract of Day's Account contained therein, whether the fame be printed or published separately, or included in or with any other Publication, and in Proportion to the Number of Days' Accounts, or Abstrafls of Days' Accounts contained in such Publications, for each and every of such Publications, (except such daily or other Accounts, or Bills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by some Person or Persons authorized to print the fame by the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland) -

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

Duty.

J.

o

o

o

7

o

d.

2

oi

9

6

6

6

1

Articles not stamped on Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

For every Advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, Journal or Daily Accounts, to be published weekly or oftener; or in any other printed Paper or Pamphlet dispersed or made public yearly, monthly or at any other Interval of time, or in any Hand Bill, containing more than One Advertisement; and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council or Act of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, or the Privy Council of Ireland, which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal or Daily Account, other than the Dublin Gazette -

For every Pamphlet or Paper, not exceeding Six Sheets, OQavo, or in a lefTer Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any Kind of Paper contained in one printed Copy or Impression thereof, a Duty of

10

016

090

SCHEDULE, PART IV.

Exemptions,

AdvertisemenU published by the Trustees of Hospitals, or other Charitable Infiitutions, or by Trustees for any other Purpose merely charitable, relative to the Business of such Hospitaliy or other Charitable InJlitutions, or to the Business of such Charities,

Any Act of Parliament, Proclamation, Order of Council, Form of Prayer and Thanksgiving, or any Act of State which shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenanty or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be printed or published; or any Votes or other matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either House of Parliament; or any Books commonly used in any of the Schools in Ireland; or any Books containing only matters if Devotion and Piety; or any Weekly Bills of Mortality; or any Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exported, so as such Daily Accounts or Bills do contain no other matter than Accounts of Goods imported into, or exported from, Ireland, and the Particulars relating to such Imports and Exports, and so as the fame shall be printed and published by such Person and Persons as shall be authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being.

For any ASSURANCE or INSURANCE, viz.

For any Assurance or Insurance of any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Interest whereon Insurance may be lawfully made, against Loss in any Voyage or Voyages, or from the* Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond side paid or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent,

For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of v Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or Islands;

Where the Sum insured shall amount to tool. or any less Sum And so progressively for every xool. so insured And where the Sum insured shall exceed 100l. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. for such fractional Part -

o

o

o

Duty.

s.

I

I

I

d.

3

3

3

I

1

For any other Voyage, where the Sum insured shall amount to loo!., or any less Sum -

And so progressively for every i ool. so insured And where the Sum insured shall exceed icol. or any progressive Sums of 100l. each, by any fractional Part of tool, for such fractional Part -

And where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, actually and bond side paid or contraCied for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent. for any Voyage, then a Duty in all cases equal to Double the Amount of the foregoing Duties respectively.

Any Assurance or Insurance for or upon any Sum of iool. or any lesser Sum that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Goods, Furniture, Ware-houses, Mechandizes or other Property, from Loft by Fire, yearly 56 Geo. III. 5 R

6 -i

5 6* GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

C. 56, 57.

SCHEDULE, PART IV. Duty.

ASSURANCE — continued. And for every iool. of such Insurance, after the First Hundred, jt. s. d.

a like Sum of - - 026

And where the Sum insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive. Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. a Duty in Proportion for such fractional Part. And so in Proportion for any shorter Period than a Year, in all the said cases of Insurance from Loss by Fire. For and upon every Pack of Printed, Painted or Playing Cards, made, manufactured or vended in Ireland - 020

For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured or vended in Ireland - - - 0 15 0

SCHEDULE -, — PART THE FIFTH.

ALLOWANCES on the Purchase of STAMPS.

To any Person who shall bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp Office in Dublin, to be damped, or who shall buy any damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the said Stamp Office, the Duties whereof, respectively, shall amount to Twenty Pounds or upwards, (five and except Vellumj Parchment and Paper, to be stamped with any Duty of Ten Pounds or upwards, or with any Number of Stamps amounting in the whole to Ten Pounds, on One Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, ) an Allowance after the Rate of One Pound and Ten Shillings, for every One Hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so brought or damped.

To Stationers or Shopkeepers who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts to the Amount, at one and the same time, of Five Pounds, in Consideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper damped for Receipts, but actually and bond side felling the fame for the Price of the Stamp Duty only. Seven Pounds Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum not under the Sum of Five Pounds: this Allowance beiilg over and above the Allowance on the Prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties to the Amount of Twenty Pounds and upwards.

The following A6h, granting Duties on Hearths, Windows, fcc. vi*.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the more effectual Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

[20th June

WHEREAS it expedient to repeal the several Rates, Duties and Taxes payable in Ireland in respect of Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, under and by virtue of the several Acts herein after mentioned, and to grant new Consolidated Rates, Duties and Taxes

in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws now in force for regulating and securing the Collection* of all such

Rates, Duties and Taxes Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the several Rates, Duties and Taxes on Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Doga, granted in and by the several Acts herein after recited, or such of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes as were in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, and all Regulations and Directions contained in or made by the said Acts or any of them, for the Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or so much and such Parts of any of them as are or were so in force, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed; (that is to say), in and by an Act made in the

10 Forty

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C57. 859

Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland 47 g 3. c. 18.

Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, tn lieu of former

Duties of Exctfey Taxes and Drawbacks } and also in and by another Act made in the said Forty seventh Year 47 G. 3. c. 21.

of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act toprovide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain

Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses,

Dogs and Carriages; and also in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's 8 G. 3. c. 42. Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Carriages,

Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horseiy Male Servants and Window Sy in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles; and also in and by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti- 49 G. 3. C. 75. tuled An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses and Dogs in Ireland 5 and also in and by Three several Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, that is to say, 55 G-3* c. 61. One Act, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland in respect of Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles; and One other Act, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and c'

Taxes in Ireland, in respect of certain Male Servants, Carriages and Horses kegt to be let to hire; and One 55 3. c. 140.

other Act, intituled An Act to make further Provisions for the Collection of certain Duties on Male Servants, Carriages and Horses, and in respect of Houses in Ireland; and the said Rates, Duties and Taxes granted in and by the said recited Acts, and the Regulations contained in the said recited Acts, and the said recited Acts and every of them shall be and the same are hereby repealed accordingly, and shall cease and determine, except W1^C1krrear. so far as the said Acts or any of them repeal or repeals any former Act or Acts, and except also so far as the said recited Acts or any of them relate or relates to the cnarging, recovering, levying, paying or accounting for any Rates, Duties and Taxes or Arrears thereof, or may concern or relate to the prosecuting, suing for and recovering of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, for any Offence against the said Acts or any of them, or for any Offence against any Act or Acts relating to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, which shall have been or shall be committed, on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and except so far as relates to any Suit or Proceeding which may have been commenced or instituted or shall be commenced or instituted at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before the passing of this Act, for or in respect of or relating to the Rates, Duties and Taxes mentioned in this Act or the Schedules thereto annexed, and which said Suits or Proceedings shall and may be proceeded on to Judgment and Execution, to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Acts nad not been repealed and determined.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hun- Duties specified dred and sixteen, there shall be levied, raised, collcded, paid and satisfied, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and in Successora, upon and in respect of the several Fire Hearths or other Places used for firing or Stoves, Win- ncx ° dows or Lights, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, mentioned, specified, described and expressed in the several Schedules marked (A.) (B.) (C.) ( D.) ( E.) ( F. W G.)

(H.) (L) and (K.) respectively to this Act annexed, the several Amounts, Sums of Money, Rates, Duties and Taxes as they are respectively described and set forth in the said respective Schedules 5 and that the said several Schedules, and all and every the Rules, Regulations, Exceptions, Exemptions and Abatements therein respectively specified and contained, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and instead and in full Satisfaction Duties in lieu of all Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, upon and in respect of the £jfrmcr like Articles, matters and things, except such Rates, Duties and Taxes as have been or shall or may be uucfc granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Rates,

Duties and Taxes are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes, by the Act or Acts by which the same are or shall be granted or imposed, or by any other Act or Acts.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Assessment and Charge of the Rates, Duties and Assessmenti sod Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths, and other Firing Places, or Stoves, and Windows or Lights, Male Servants, ^, 0Cee<,"S* and other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, or of any of them which shall have been made, and also every Act or Acts which shall have been done or performed by any Officer in relation to valid.*

the fame, at any time since the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before the passing of this Act pursuant to the Regulations and Provisions of any Act or Acts hereinbefore recited and

repealed, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and

Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been made, charged, done and performed after the Commencement

and under and pursuant to the Provisions of this Act 5 and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers autho-

Officers and all other Persons duly authorized to ad, proceed, do and perform every matter and thing on and r, xed to

in respect of such Assessments, Charges or other Acts done and performed as aforesaid, as if the fame had

been made, done, charged or performed after the Commencement and under the Provision and the Regulations

in this Act for that Purpose contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act and the several Schedules Duties paid in

hereunto annexed, granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable according Cur-

to the Amount thereof iii British Currency, and that all and every the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, the confolU necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deduded, shall be carried to and made Part pUIKi. of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers or other Person Officers may en-who now is or are or hereafter shall be appointed by or acting under the Orders or Directions of the Com- tcJ Hcnifes to missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, for the charging, assessing, collecting or superintending the Jer of Hearths

JR* charging, and Window*.

86o C. 57.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

charging, assessing or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them at any time in the Daytime, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Sunset, to enter into any House and into every Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining thereto, and into the several Apartments and Places therein, and to take Information from his own View and Survey of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places, used for Firing and Stoves therein 5 and also of the Number of Windows or Lights therein, and such House, Office or Edifice shall be charged accordingly with the Rates and Taxes, in respect of the Number of If Admittance be Hearths and other Places used for Firing ana Stoves, and of Windows or Lights therein 5 and if any

Officento leave Officer or Officers, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, shall not on Demand of Entrance, by knock-

Notice. ing or otherwise, obtain Admittance into any such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, or after Admittance shall not be suffered to enter into all and every the Apartments and other Places therein respectively, k shall and may be lawful for such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and he is required to leave a Notice at such House with any Person resident therein above the Age of Sixteen Years, setting forth that such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid will attend at such House at a certain Day and Hour, to be specified in such Notice, such Hour to be within the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and requiring to be admitted into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, and into Occupiers refus- every Apartment and Place therein respectively; and if such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid ing Admittance. shall not at the time mentioned in such Notice obtain Admittance into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein into which he shall require to be admitted, the Occupier of such House or the Person deemed the Occupier within the Provision of this Act, as the case may be, shall for each Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if no Person shall appear at such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice from whom such Officer or other Person as aforesaid can make Demand of Entrance, or on whom such Notice can be fervtd, then such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall and he is hereby required to post such Notice as aforesaid on the Door of such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice; and if such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall not at the time mentioned in such Notice be admitted into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice and into every Apartment and Place therein, then the Occupier thereof shall forfeit the like Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Person who shall attend such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid upon such Survey may refuse to admit such Officer or other Person into any Room or Apartment, except the fame be a Kitchen or a Room in an Outhouse, upon such Person who shall so attend consenting that the Tax in respect of One Fire Hearth and of Three Windows shall be charged for such Room or Apartment 5 and in such case every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall accordingly charge such House with the Tax for One Fire Hearth and Three Windows for every such Room or Apartment, and no more, unless it shall be ascertained by such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, with-

Three Windows Out entering into such Room or Apartment, that the fame contains a greater Number of Fire Hearths, Fir-be allowed. (ng piaceg or Stoves than One, or a greater Number of Windows or Lights than Three, and such Tax shall be paid accordingly.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any House or any Part thereof is or shall be let in different Apartmeitts to any Person or Persons, the Owner of such House so letting the fame or for whose Be-nefit such letting is made, shall be deemed the Occupier thereof, and shall be charged with and be liable to pay the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the Fire Hearths and Stoves or other Fire Places, and of the Windows or Lights in such House, with every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Fire Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, and on Windows or Lights, and on Houses in respect thereof, shall be charged on and payable by the Occupiers of such Houses respectively, or the Persons having the Right to occupy the fame respectively, and shall and may be levied at any time by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier or Person having the Right aforesaid, during whose Occupancy or Right thereto, such Rates, Duties or Taxes had incurred, and that any Arrear of such Rates, Duties and Taxes not exceeding Two Years* Amount, exclusive of the Rates, Duties and Taxes of the current Year in which a Distress shall be made, and no more, shall and may be levied byDiflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any subsequent Occupier of such House.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House in whifti, with any Outhouse, Office or other Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be Two or more Hearths or Places for Firing, or Stoves, or Seven or more Windows or Lights, shall, when required by any such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid, make due and immediate Declaration and Return of the greatest Number of Hearths, Fire Places or quired, a Return Stoves, and of Windows or Lights respectively, which were in his or her House, with every Outhouse, Office or 'f the "veateft other Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, on the Sixth Day of January then next preceding, or between the said Day and the time of making such Declaration or Return, and shall within Fourteen Days next after any additional Hearth, Fire Place, Stove or Window or Light shall be made or opened, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, or in his Absence to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such House is situate, a true Lift or Account in Writing, under his or her Hand, of every such additional Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, and Window or Light respectively 5 and if any such Occupier shall refuse or neglect to make or deliver such Declaration or Return, Lift or Account, or shall make any undue or false Declaration or Return, Lift or Account, such Occupier shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Rate, Duty or Tax which he or she ought otherwise by Law to be charged with in respect of Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves, or Win-Greater Number dows or Lights, as the case may be; and if at any time any greater Number of Hearths, Fire Places or «f Win; ows, &c. Stoves, or Windows or Lights, shall be discovered in any House, or in any Outhouse, Office or Edifice than dated ukd. appertaining or belonging thereto, or occupied therewith, than the Numbers respectively expressed in such

Declaration

[Penalty.]

Posting Notice. Officer not admitted.

[Penalty.]

Admittance to any Apartment (except the kitchen or Outhouse) may be refuted if a Charge for One fourth and

Owners of Houses let in Apartments deemed Occupiers.

Goods of Occupiers liable to Duties.

Distress.

Occupiers having Two Hearths or Seven Windows or more, to make, when re-

Number, and afterwards give Notice of additional ones.

Default.

[Penalty.]

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 57.

Declaration or Return, Lift or Account, it shall be taken and received as sufficient Proof of a false or untrue Declaration or Return, Lift or Account, unless due Proof be made by such Occupier that the Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, Window or Light, so exceeding had been made or opened within Fourteen Days next previous to such Discovery.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, shall be charged for the whole Year, commencing on the Sixth Day of January, for such Number of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, as shall on the Sixth Day of January in any such Year be in any House, or in any Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, and also for any and every additional Fire Hearth or other: Place for Firing or Stove, and Window or Light, which at any time after the Sixth Day of January in any Year shall be in or be made or opened in any such House, or in any Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto $ and that if any Person, in order to evade the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax in respect of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places or Stoves, or Windows or Lights, payable within such Year, shall flop up, deface, cover or conceal any Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, or any Window or Light chargeable with tlw said Rate, Duty or Tax, every such Person shall forfeit and pay Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Rate, Duty or Tax for the fame respectively: Provided always, that the Proof of the time when any such Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window or Light may have been stopped, shall lie on the Occupier of the House: Provided also, that no Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window or Light, shall be deemed to be stopped up, unless such Hearth, Fire Place or Stove be built up with Stones or Bricks, and Mortar made with Lime, so as thereby to be wholly unfit for Use, or such Window or Light be stopped up with the like Materials as the Wall or Roof adjoining thereto respectively is composed of.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland having, keeping, uiing, retaining or employing, or having had, kept, used, retained or employed, since the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Carriage with Four Wheels, or any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Hoirfe, Mare or Gelding, or any Dog, upon or in respect of whom or which any Rate, Tax or Duty is or may be imposed by this Act, or any Act or A£U at any time hereafter to be in force in Ireland; and every Person keeping or having kept, retaining or having retained, (ince the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mare or Gelding to be let to Hire, or letting or having let to Hire any Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mare or Gelding, since the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall, upon Demand, or within Ten Days next after a particular Notice for that Purpose shall be served or left, or caused to be served Or left at the usual Place of Residence of such Person respectively, by any such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid, deliver to such Officer or Person so authorized, a true Lift or Account in Writing under his or her Hand, of every such Carriage, and of every such Male Servant or other Male Person, and of every such Horse, Mare and Gelding* and of every such Dog which any such Person shall or may have had, kept, used, retained or employed, or shall or may have, keep, ule, retain or employ, at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or at any time after the Fifth Day of January in any subsequent Year; and which said Lift or Account shall contain the Name and Surname of the Person delivering such Lift or Account, the Name of his or her Residence or Place of Abode, at the time of delivering such Lift or Account, and of the Place, Parish, Barony, City, Town and County, as the case may be, in which such Residence is situate, and the Description of every such Carriage, and the Name and Surname of every such Servant or other Male Person, and the Capacity in which such Servant or other Male Person was, is or shall be, or shall have been retained or employed, and the Kind and Description of every such Dog, and the Uses and Purposes for which every such Horse, Mare or Gelding was or is or shall be kept or used, setting forth whether any such Carriage, Servant or Horse, Mare or Gelding was hired, or used on Hire, and (if any) the Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Person from or by whom every such Servant, Carriage, and Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall have been or shall be let to Hire, and the Period of each letting to Hire of every such Servant, Carriage, or Horse, Mare or Gelding respectively; and in every such Lift or Account to be delivered by the Person or Persons keeping, or who shall keep to be let to Hire, or letting, or who shall let to Hire any Servant, or any Carriage, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, such Person or Persons shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons for whose Use or in whose Service each and every such Servant, Carriage and Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall have been or shall be employed on Hire, and the Number of each let to Hire to any such Person, and the Period of every such Letting; and from time to time, as often as any Person shall begin to kefcp or have any Carriage, or to retain or to employ any Servant or other Male Person, or to keep or use any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, and also from time to time, as often as any Person shall keep or have any additional Carriage, or shall retain or employ any additional Servant or other Male Person, or shall keep or use any additional Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any additional Dog, beyond the Number of the fame respectively expressed in any such respective Lift or Account; then every such Person respectively shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Carriage or additional Carriage shall be kept or come into the Possession of such Person, or after any Male Servant or other Male Person, or additional Male Servant or other Male Person shall be retained or employed, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, or any additional Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, shall be kept or used by such Person, in like manner delivered to the said Officer, or Person authorized as aforesaid, a like Lift or Account of every such Carriage, Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, and of every such additional Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, as the case may be; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to deliver, in manner aforesaid, any such Lift or Account as is hereinbefore required, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account of the matters and things aforesaid, or

any

S61

Proof of falT* Declaration.

Duties charged for the whole Year for such Hearths and Windows as shall be in the House on the 6th Jan. and all additional ones.

Evading Duty by (topping up Fire Places or Windows. Penalty.

What shall be deemed a flopping up.

Persons keeping Carriages, Servants, Hcifes and Dogs, to deliver a List thereof when required, specifyiqg certain Particulars.

What the Lift to contain.

Lift to contain Name and Place of Abode of the Person in whose Service such Servant* Carriage, Sec. shall be employed.

Additional Carriages, fcc. employed.

A like Lift.

Neglecting, &c. to deliver lift.

Greater Number of Carriages, &c. kept than dated n Lid.

[Penalty.]

Duty on Servants, Carriages or Horses let to Hire, to be paid by the Persons using them, un-left paid by the Persons letting them.

f Sic. Notice affixed on Church Doors, ire. of every Parish, requiring Persons to deliver Lids of Carriages, Servants and Horses, ice. kept by them.

Such Notice deemed a Demand to deliver Lid.

Neglecting to deliver such Lifts or making false Lids.

[Penalty.]

Removing or

defacing Notices. Penalty.

Notice to be left at Dwelling Houses.

Default in delivering Lids.

C. 57. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

any of them, or if at any time any such Person shall keep, retain or employ, or use any greater Number of Carriages or Servants, or Male Persons, or Horses, Mares or Geldings, or Dogs, being respectively liable to Duty, than shall be expressed and mentioned in such Lift or Account, delivered by such Person, or ihafi keep, retain, employ or use any Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, respectively liable to Duty, not expressed or mentioned in such Lift or Account, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Rate or Tax in respect of any such Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, as the case may be, of which such Person shall have neglected or refused to deliver a List or Account in manner required by this Act, or of or in respect to which any such Person shall have delivered or shall deliver any undue or false Lift or Account.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be let to Hire, and the Person using such Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding on Hire, shall not make such Lift or Return, as is hereinbefore required, then and in such case the Rates, Duties and Taxes chargeable in respect of each and every such Servant, Carriage and Horse, Mare or Gelding respectively, for One Year, shall and may be charged upon, and shall be paid by the Person using such Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding on Hire, over and above the Penalty incurred for any Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons by whom such Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding shall have been let to Hire, shall have been duly charged for such Servant, Carriage and Horse, Mare or Gelding respectively; and in every case where the said Rates, Duties or Taxes shall be chargeable on the Person using such Servant, Carriage and Horse, Mare or Gelding on Hire, and making Default of Return as aforesaid, such Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be charged upon such Person in respect of each such Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding so used on Hire, in like manner as if such Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding had not been hired, but had been used, kept, retained or employed by such Person without f have been hired to him or her respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and such Officer or other Person so authorized shall and is hereby required, within Sixty Days after the passing of this Act, and within Sixty one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sevenieen, and in like manner within Sixty one Days after the Fifth Day of January in each and every subsequent Year, (or at such other times as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct, order and appoint, ) to affix or cause to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel or Market House, or Public School House (if any such there shall be) of every Parish or Place within the respective Walks or Divisions of such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, or in such of the Parishes or Places as shall be prescribed and directed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, (and if any Parish or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, Market House, or Public School House, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel or Market House of the nearest or adjoining Parish, ) a General Notice signed by such Officer or other Person in such Form as shall have been or shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, requiring that all Persons residing in the said Parish or Place liable to the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, shall make out and deliver Lifts or Accounts of Carriages, Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares or Geldings, and Dogs, directed to or for the said Officer, or to or for the said Person authorized as aforesaid, at some House or Place within the said Parish or Place, to be specified in such Notice within Twenty one Days next after the Date of such Notice, and such general Notice shall from time to time, when the fan^e shall be affixed, be deemed a Requisition or Demand upon every Person within such Parish or Place, to deliver such Lifts or Accounts within the said Space of Twenty one Days accordingly; and if any Person in such Parish or Place shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Lift or Account at the House or Place mentioned in such Notice, directed in manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty one Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Rate, Duty or Tax in respect of any Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, as the case may be, of which such Person shall have neglected or refused to deliver a List or Account in manner required by this Act, or of which any Person shall have delivered or shall deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, and all Persons shall be liable to such Penalty for not complying with such general Notice, whether any particular Notice requiring any such Lift shall have been delivered or left to or for such Person or not, and if such general Notice so affixed shall be removed or defaced at any time during the said Space of Twenty one Days, every such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid, shall cause a fimuar Notice to be so affixed, and so from time to time as often as Occasion shall require during the said Space of Twenty one Days; and any Person who shall wilfully tear, deface or obliterate any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court or Justice before whom such Person shall be convicted of such Offence.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whether such general Notice shall be posted or not as aforesaid, such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid shall from time to time serve or leave, or cause to be served or left, particular Notices at the usual Place of- Abode or Residence of every Person in his proper Walk, Division or District, liable or supposed to be liable to the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, or any of them, requiring all Inch Persons respectively to deliver to such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid the several Lifts and Accounts which such Person is by this Act required to deliver, within Ten Days next after such Notice shall be served or left as aforesaid, and all and every Person making Default in delivering such Lifts or Accounts within such

Ten

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 57. 863

Ten Day8 shall be liable to the Penalties hereinbefore by this Act inflicted, for not complying with such par- Penalty, ticular Notice, whether any such general Notice as aforesaid shall have been polled or not.

XV. And be it further ena&ea, That every Person who shall deliver any List or Account required by this Persons keeping Act as aforesaid, and who shall keep, use, retain or employ any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Per- Earn*j5f*» at son, Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, in any other Place in Ireland than the Place where such Lift or Ac- JJanTone ^Recount shall be delivered, IhaS in every such Lift or Account set forth the whole Number of Carriages, Male turn^whde Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs kept or used, retained or employed by Number, such Person in Ireland, in order that such Person may be charged for the fame according to the Rate chargeable on the greatest Number retained or kept in the whole, and such Person shall specify the Places with the and specify Parish and Barony, County, Town or City in which the same shall be situate, where each such Carriage, Male pkc«* where Servant or other Male Persons, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, shall be at the time when such Person shall £"ugcs'&c* deliver such Lift or Account, and shall make and sign a Declaration of the Parish or Place in the County, ^lara'ioooof Town or City in which such Person intends to pay for all such Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Per- where fons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, and on Proof of Payment by aqy Person of the Rates, Duties Persons charged and Taxes in respect of all such Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings intend to pay, and Dogs, in any one Parish or Place, by Production of the Receipt signed by the Collector to whom the flawed. Payment shall have been made, or of a Certificate by such Collector, such Person shall be acquitted from the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes respectively, in any other Parish or Place in Ireland; and if any Dc^uIt*

Person shall neglect or refuse to set forth such Particulars as are hereby required in such Lifts or Accounts, Penalt such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVI. And Whereas Difficulties may arise in discovering Lodgers or Inmates in Houses liable to pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of Carriages, Male Servants and other Male Persons, Hones,

Mares, Geldings and Dogs; Be it therefore enacted, That the Owner of any House letting the fame, or Owners of any Part thereof, to any Lodger or Lodgers in which any Lodger or Inmate shall reside, wno shall keep, Houses J° e a retain, employ or use any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, shall f.*

deliver to any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, on Demand, or within Ten Days after by their Lodger*. Notice served by such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, by leaving or causing to be left the fame at the House of such Person as aforesaid, a true Lift or Account in Writing under the Hand of such Owner expressing the Name and Surname of every such Lodger or Inmate, with an Account of every Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Griding or Dog kept, retained, employed or used by such Lodger or Inmate, to the best of the Knowledge and Information of such Owner; and if any such Owner shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Lift or Account as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit or milrepre-sent any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penslty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Owner as aforesaid in whose House any Person liable Notice to be

to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall reside as a Lodger or Inmate, shall for the Pur- read to Lodgers pose of making an accurate Lift or Return cause the Contents of the Notice left at his or her House to be ho ar5de"

read over and made known to each and every such Lodger or Inmate, requiring them respectively to declare to*7u5e

him or her and attest such Lift or Return to be made, .whether such Lodger or Inmate be liable to the said to the Duty. Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any and which of them, or whether such Lodger or Inmate hath another Place of ordinary Residence, where he or she intends to be charged, and every such Lodger or Inmate being thereunto required shall be obliged to make such Declaration; and if any such Lodger or Inmate shall neglect or refuse to make Declaration, or to attest the Lift or Return to be made thereof, every such Lodger or Inmate shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Owner as Pepalty. aforesaid, by whom any such Declaration ought to be required, shall neglect to require the fame, or to whom Owner neglect-any such Declaration shall be made, shall neglect to insert the fame in the Lift or Return to be made or de- , nfi* livered by such Owner as aforesaid, pursuant to this Act, every such Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person occupying or owning any House, subject ton case of Ab-

any Rate, Duty or Tax in respect of Fire Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves, or Windows or Lights, or keeping, °(J1^rfons

using, retaining or employing any Carriage, or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare, 0rlSer-

Gelding or any Dog, upon or in respect of which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or may be payable as aforesaid, vants may make shall be absent from the Place of her or his Abode at the time of the Service or polling of such Notice and deliver requiring such Lift or Account as aforesaid, then a List or Account of the Fire Hearths and Windows in

any House belonging to such Person, and of any and every Carriage or Male Servant or other Male Person, or Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, kept, used, retained or employed by such Person, made out and subscribed by the Agent, Steward, Housekeeper or Servant of such Person so absent, and delivered as aforesaid, shall be to all Intents and Purposes of the fame Effect as if such Lift or Account were made out and fub« % to>e of the scribed and delivered by the Person owning or occupying such House, or keeping, using or employing any £a, J?e as^such Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog respectively, as the owners, case may be; and in case such Lift or Account shall be an undue Lift or Account, the same shall subject amj ruble to such Occupier, Owner or Person, keeping, retaining or employing such Carriage, Male Servant or other same Penalties.

Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog respectively, to the like Payments and Penalties as if the fame had been made and subscribed by himself or herlelf respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall not be Officer* not bound by any List or Account which shall be delivered to them respectively, but shall be at Liberty, if they shall find, upon due Examination, that any Person, Description, Article, matter or thing, which ought to e nrM

be

864

which proves defective.

Officers to make Affeflmems where Lifts are ne*fe£ted to be delivered.

Oath or Affirmation.

[Proviso.]

Persons on whom Notice shall be served keeping no Carriages, Src. shall sign a Declaration that they do not.

Neglecting.

[Penalty.]

Officers may surcharge,

Node#.

and Persons aggrieved may complain to the Commissioners.

Examination on Oathf

Commissioners may make Order,

and maydiredl Surcharge.

Default of Payment.

Proceedings.

Grounds of £x< emption from

c-5

56 GEORGII III.

A.D. 181.6.

be contained in such Lift or Account, is or are omitted or untruly stated therein, to make a true Assessment and Charge upon every such Person, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, of the real Charge which ought to be imposed on such Person.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign and deliver any such Lift or Account, as is in this Act directed within the respective times in this Act mentioned, then the Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall, from the best Information he can obtain, make an Assessment or Charge upon such Person, of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, for and in respect of every Male Servant or other Male Person, Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, kept, used, retained or employed by him or her as aforesaid, and every such Assessment and Charge so mad upon any such Neglect or Refusal, shall be final and conclusive upon the Person thereby charged, who shall not be at Liberty to controvert the fame, unless such Person shall make due Proof on Oath, or if a Quaker an f Affirmation, that he or she was not at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Abode at the time of the Delivery of such Notice, nor between that Day and the time limited for delivering such Lift or Account as aforesaid, or unless such Person shall allege and prove such other Excuse for not having delivered in his or her Lift or Account, as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall in their Judgment think reasonable and sufficient: Provided always, that no such Excuse shall be admitted to be alleged or proved until the Person alleging the same shall have delivered such Lift or Account as is required by this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person upon whom any such Notice shall be served to return a List or Account of Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, or of any of them, shall not on the Sixth Day of January preceding the Service of such Notice, have had, kept, retained, used or employed any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage, or any Dog, or shall not, between that Day and the time of the Service of such Notice, have had, kept, retained, used or employed any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage, or any Dog, every such Person shall nevertheless make and deliver a Declaration in Writing, subscribed by such Person, setting forth that such Person had not, on the Sixth Day of January preceding the Service of such Notice, nor at any time between the said Day and the time of the Service of such Notice, kept, retained, used or employed any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage, or any Dog; and if any such Person shall neglect or omit to make and deliver such Declaration within Fourteen Days next after the Service of such Notice, every such Person shall, for every such Neglect or Omission, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, to surcharge any Person with the Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act granted or any of them, beyond the Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, with which such Person shall have been previously charged; and such Officer or other Person shall give or cause to be given to tie'Party surcharged a Notice of such Surcharge, by leaving or causing such Notice to be left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party, in the District where such Surcharge shall be made, such Notice to be signed by such Officer or other Person who shall have made such Surcharge, and to contain the Particulars of such Surcharge and the Amount thereof; and every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid is hereby empowered to make any such Surcharge at any time during the Year, for the whole of such Year; ami if any Person shall think himself or herself respectively aggrieved or overcharged by any such Surcharge, it shall and may be lawful for the Party so surcharged respectively forthwith to make his or her Complaint to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to enquire into the matter of such Complaint, by ordering the same to be investigated by and before such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, and such Officer or Officers and other Person or Persons so appointed, are hereby authorized and required to hear such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath as well the Party so complaining as the Officer or other Person who shall have made such Surcharge; and also all such Witnesses as shall be produced by either of the said Parties thereupon, or upon other due Proof, to report to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, whether such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons so making such Enquiry are of Opinion that the Party complaining ought to be relieved or not; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to make such Order in the matter as shall appear to them to be jull and reasonable; and every such Surcharge, or so much thereof as shall be confirmed by the said Commissioners or any Three of them, shall {land good and remain Part of the annual Charge and Assessment against the Party so complaining, who shall pay the Amount so confirmed within One Calendar Month after the Confirmation of the fame; and if upon the Investigation of such Complaint it shall appear that the Person so complaining is or ought to be further charged to any Amount beyond the Amount contained in such Surcharge, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to order and direct that such Person shall be further surcharged with and in respect of the matter or thing or the Amount of the Sum omitted, and the Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall charge the lame against such Person, who shall pay the Amount within One Calendar Month next after such further Surcharge shall be made; and if any such Person shall make Default of such Payment of any such Surcharge or further Surcharge respectively, every such Person so making Default shall and may be proceeded against in the like manner m every respect, and for the like Penalties, as if such Surcharge or further Surcharge respectively, as the case may be, had been the original Charge against such Person, and unpaid by him or her.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons required to make or deliver any List or Account under the Provisions of this Act, and claiming to be within any of the Exemptions allowed by Law

15 from

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 57. 865

from any of the said Rates and Taxes, or claiming to be entitled to any Abatement of the fame, shall make a Duty to be de-

due Return thereof, and declare the Cause or Grounds of such Exemption or Abatement, such Declaration to dared.

be specified in or annexed to the Lift or Account to be by such Person or Persons delivered; and if any Dispute or Difference shall in any Instance arise whether the Person or Persons be entitled to such Exemption

or Abatement, the Proof thereof, and of the Circumstance of such Exemption or Abatement, shall lie

on the Person claiming such Exemption or Abatement, and not on the Officer charging or assessing such Rates

and Taxes.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in any Charge against any Errors in Person by a Duty, or a greater Amount of Duty, being charged against such Person, than ought to have been Charge°^.u.t7 charged, it shall and may be lawful for such Person, within Twelve Calendar Months after the time when such Jf Applicadon Rates, Duties or Taxes had been or shall have been charged against and ought to have been paid pursuant to be made within such Charge by such Person, and not afterwards, to make his or her Complaint before the said Commissioners ia Months, of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and required to examine into the matter of such Complaint, and upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, to relieve the Party so complaining of such or

so much of such Rates, Duties and Taxes as shall appear to have been unduly charged or overcharged; and if such Rates and Taxes shall have been paid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to repay the fame, or such. Part thereof as shall appear to have been unduly charged, or to have been overcharged.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall from time to Coichmakers time enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, the Number? ePte*and kind of Carriages by him or her built and constructed for Sale; and also the Number and kind of Carriages which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall part with, sell or dispose of at Second Hand on scription of Ctr-his or her own Account, whether the same shall have been repaired or altered by such Coachmaker or Maker riages made by of Carriages, and also of the Number and kind of Carriages kept by him or her for Sale, although the fame may them, &c* not have been built by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and if with less than Four Wheels, whether constructed to be drawn by Two Horses, and the Number fold, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons to whom fold, parted with or disposed of respectively, and the particular Day on which each Carriage was delivered or sent out of the Shop or Warehouse, Yard or other Place of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages; and every Person, selling Carriages by Auction or Persons fellinf on Commission shall keep a like Book, and in like manner enter in the fame the Number and kinds of Car- Carnages by riages kept for Sale, and sold by such Person, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Days on b&l*nAe* t# which such Carriages were fold, and to whom they were fold respectively; and every Livery Stable Keeper: or other Person receiving any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage to stand at Livery, shall also from Livery Stable time to time enter in a Book an Account of every Carriage or Horse so (landing at Livery, and the Name Keepers also to and Place of Abode of the Person by or on whose Behalf such Carriage or Horse had been so sent or deliv- keeP 2X1 Ac-ored, and the time of the fending of the fame respectively; all which Books shall at all seasonable times in the Accounts Daytime be open to the Inspection of any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and mtybemfpe&-such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall have power to enter into the House, Manu- ©d. factory, Work Shop, Stables and other Buildings and Places of every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages and other Persons respectively as aforesaid, and take an Account, of all Carriages there, and of all Horses so at Livery as aforesaid, and to satisfy himself of the Truth of such Entries in any such Books respectively; and every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages and other Person hereby required to Copy of Ac-keep such Account respectively, shall monthly (that is to say) within Twenty-one Days next after the counts of Coieb-Fifth Day of each and every Month in each and every Year, deliver to the Collector of Excise or other 10

Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or momh|r to the other Person respectively, shall carry on his or her Business, or to such other Officer or Person as the said Collector of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, District. deliver a true Copy in Writing of all and every Entry made in such Book or Books respectively within the Month ending on such Fifth Day of the Montn, containing the matters and things bpfore directed; and when required so to do by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any One of them, or by the Collector of FLxcise or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District, every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person, or his or her Chief Servant, Workman or Manager shall make Oath, or being a Osth or Affir-Quaker an Affirmation, of the Truth of such Account according to the best of his or her knowlege and De* nation of Truth lief, and every such Copy of the Account to be delivered by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other °* ccount* Person shall, to the best of his or her knowledge and belief, express the Name and Names of every Person required to be entered in such Account, and the Place or Places of his, her or their usual residence 5 and if any Coachmaker such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall negledfc to keep such Account or to deliver neglecting to such Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall refuse ^eP Account, to admit any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, into the House, Manufactory, Work (hop,

Stable or other Buildings or Place of or used by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person, at a reasonable Hour in the Day time, for the Purposes aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penaky.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of Excise of the District or other Officer in charge Duties payable of the Collection thereof, or other Officer or Person who shall be directed or appoipted as aforesaid to receive by Coachmakers, such Account, to whom such Account as aforesaid shall be delivered by any Coachmaker or Maker of Car- co*"

riages, or by any Person selling Carriages as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit to the several Officers or other officer Persons authorized as aforesaid within his District, an Account of all such Duties as shall be due from any pro{>e Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Persons selling Carriages within the Walk of such Officer or other y6 Geo. III. 5 S Person

Permit for the Conveyance of Carriage from House of the Coach maker. See. to be obtained.

Removing without Permit.

Penalty. Carriages imported to be properly described ifl the Entry.

Copy of Entry sent to the Customs.

Such Carriage found removing without Permit. Seizure or Payment of 2ol

Lodgers, &c. refuting to give in their Names and Residence,

or giving int fille Return.

[Penalty.]

Mitigation.

Notices, I.ifts and Accounts,

Scc. to be of such Form as Com-aniftioners shall direct.

Not necessary to prove such Direction on Trial.

Refusing to keep Books. Penalty.

Stamp on Receipts to be paid by the Party charged with the Duty,

C. 57. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Person authorized as aforesaid, who is hereby respectively empowered and required to demand, receive and collect the said Duties accordingly, in such manner and with such Power and Authorities to all Intents and Purposes as any other Rates, Duties or Taxes under this Act may be demanded, received and collected under or by virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Carriage shall be sold or disposed of by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or Seller shall, before such Carriage shall be sent out of or from his or her Shop, Warehouse or Concerns, apply to the proper Officer of Excise in the District, by delivering or causing to be delivered a Request Note or Requisition in Writing duly stamped according to Law, for a Permit to Convey such Carriage to the Person to whom the same shall have been parted with, sold or disposed of by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or Seller of Carriages 5 and such Officer shall forthwith without Delay grant such Permit accordingly without Fee or Reward, Rating the nature or kind and Description of the Carriage, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Seller of Carriages, and of the Person to whom the fame is to be conveyed; and if any Carriage so sold or disposed of shall be removed out of or from the Shop, Warehouse or Concern of any such Coachmaker, Maker of Carriages or Seller of Carriages, without such Permit duly obtained as aforesaid, such Coachmaker, Maker of Carriages or Seller of Carriages shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Carriage which by this Act is or by any other hereafter to be in force in Ireland shall be liable to any Rate, Duty or Tax, under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, shall be imported into Ireland, the Entry which shall be made of such Carriage at the Port of Importation shall contain the Description of such Carriage, distinguishing the Number of Wheels, and if with iefs than Four Wheels whether constructed to be drawn by Two Horses or other wise, so as to ascertain the said Rate, Duty or Tax payable in respect of such Carriage by the Owner thereof, and also the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person on whose Account such. Carriage was imported, and a Copy of such Entry shall forthwith without Delay be sent and delivered by the Officer of the Customs making such Entry to the proper Officer of Excise in such Port of Entry, and such Officer of Excise shall forthwith and without Delay and upon Demand grant a Permit for conveying the fame from the Custom House or Place of Entry to the Residence of the Owner thereof, or to such Place as such Owner or some Person on his Behalf shall require and direct; and if any such Carriage so imported shall be found without such Permit after the same shall have been removed from the Custom House or Place of Entry* and before it shall have been placed in the Custody of the Owner thereof, or according to his Order or Direction, such Carriage may be seized by any Officer of Excise or Taxes, and shall be forfeited, unless the Sum of Twenty Pounds shall within Twenty one Days next after such Seizure thereof be paid for the same to the Collector of Excise for the District in which the same shall be so seized as aforesaid; One Moiety thereof for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall seize such Carriage.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refuse to give and declare his or her Name and Surname and Addition and Place of Residence, being required so to do by any Owner as aforesaid of any House, in the whole or in Part let to Lodgers, or by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Seller of Carriages, or by any Livery Stable Keeper, for the Purpose of enabling such Owner, Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Seller of Carriages, or Livery Stable Keeper respectively, to deliver the Lifts, Returns or Accounts, and to make the Entries which such Owner, Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, Seller of Carriages or Livery Stable Keeper is by this Act respectively required to deliver and make; or if any Person shall give or declare to any such Owner, Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, Seller of Carriages or Livery Stable Keeper, any false or fictitious Name, Surname, Addition or Place of Residence, every such Person so offending shall for each Offence, in any of the cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be paid to the Owner, Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, Seller of Carriages or Livery Stable Keeper, by whom such Person shall have been required to give and declare his or her Name, Surname, Addition and Place of Abode, every such Penalty nevertheless to be subject to the fame Powers of Mitigation and Reductiou as the other Penalties in this Act are made subject to.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the several Notices by this Act required to be given in respect of the Rates, Duties and Taxes mentioned in this Act, or any of them, and the several Lifts, Accounts or Returns to be delivered pursuant to such Notices, and the several Books and Accounts by this Act required to be kept, and the Entries to be made therein, and also the Receipts to be given and delivered by the Officer to the Person paying the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, on such Officer receiving the fame, shall and may be in such respective Form or Forms as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, may from time to time order, direct and appoint; and it shall not be necessary to prove on the Trial of any Complaint or Information touching the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, the particular Order, Direction or Appointment of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them* for or of any such Form or Forms respectively; and if any Person who is by this Act required to keep any Book or Books, shall neglect or refuse to keep such Book or Books in such Form or Forms as shall be so ordered, appointed or directed, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Stamp Duty on all Receipts given by virtue of this Act, whether including the Duty on Houses not chargeable with any Duty in respect of Windows, or the Duty on Dogs or not, shall be paid by the Party charged with the Rate, Duty and Tax in such Receipt specified, according to the full Amount of such Receipt, any thing in any Act for the Collection and Management of

11 Stamp

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 57. 857

Stamp Duties payable on Bilf« of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Receipts and Game Certificates in Ireland, to the contrary in any wise not'vithftandirtg.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Person is or shall be by Law chargeable Dimeson

for the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths, Fire Places, or Stoves or Windows or Lights,

such Person shall pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes on Demand of the proper Officer, made either at the pai<| by Hoofe in respect of which such Rates, Duties and Taxes are chargeable, or at the Dwelling of the Person so chargeable, chargeable, if the Person so chargeable shall not reside at the House in respect of which any such Rates, Duties or Taxes are chargeable; and all Goods and Chattels of the Parties so chargeable, wherever the same shall be eir Go?lf' found, and all Goods and Chattels in the House or the Outhouses, Offices or Edifices thereunto appertaining, an/GoStoan*in respect whereof such Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be due, subject to the Limitation hereinbefore provided, the Premifss shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes; and in Default of Payment of liable, the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, it shall be lawful for such Officer at any time between Sunrife and Sunset to make Entry into any or either of such Houses, and any Edifices appertaining thereto, and to levy all Sums due for such Rates, Duties and Taxes in manner herein after provided with respect to the levying the other Rates, Duties and Taxes herein after mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it further eitaded, That every Officer who now is or shall hereafter be appointed by the Duty on C*r-Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them for that Purpose, shall be and is hereby respectively authorized and empowered to charge, levy, collect!, recover and receive the several Rates, Duties p

and Taxes on Carnages and on Coachmakers or Makers of Carriages, and on Sellers of Carriages, and on Male Servants or other Male Persons, and Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, and that every Person charge, able with and liable to pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes respectively, or any of them, mall on Demand made at the House of such Person by any such Officer, pay to such Officer the several and respective Rates,

Duties and Taxes which such Person shall be so chargeable with and liable to, and which shall be then payable

or in Arrear; and in case of Refusal or Default in Payment thereof after such Demand, it shall and may be Default.

lawful for such Officer at any time in the Daytime, with the Assistance of a Constable or other Peace Officer,

or if no such Constable or other Peace Officer shall appear or attend, then without such Assistance, to make

Entry into and upon the House, Office or other Premies of the Person chargeable with the said Rates, Duties

and Taxes, or any of them, and to levy the same and all Arrears thereof by Distress and Sale of any Goods or

Chattels of such Person; and in every such case the Distress so taken, to keep for the Space of Four Days, at Distrsfi.

the Costs and Charges of the Party so making Default of Payment; and if the said Party shall not within the said Four Days pay the respective Sums so due for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes and Arrears, and for the

Costg and Charges of such Distress and keeping them, the said Distress shall be sold for Payment of the said

Sums so due as aforesaid, restoring to the Party the Overplus (if any) of such Money as such Goods shall be

fold for, over and above the Rates, Duties and Taxes, and Arrears thereof then due, together with the necessary and reasonable Costs and Charges of taking such Distress, and the keeping and Sale thereof; which Costs of Dutrets,

ana Charges shall in no case exceed One fourth Part of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, and Arrears so due.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer shall be refused Admittance into any such

House, Outhouse or Edifice, or shall not on Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwise obtain Ad- may break open* mittance into the fame, or if no Person shall attend or appear at such House, Outhouse or Edifice to give House, having a Entrance to, or from whom such Officer can make demand of Entrance, then and in every such case it shall Warrant from and may be lawful for such Officer, upon a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Collector of Excise, or the Collector of of any Inspector of Taxes of the District in which such House, Outhouse or Edifice shall be situate, to break the open and enter in the Daytime any such House, Outhouse or Edifice, in the Presence of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and assisting therein, and to levy the several Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, which shall be then due, and the Arrears thereof, by Distress and Distrefi.

Sale in manner before mentioned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Goods or Chattels whatsoever belonging to any Person or Per- No Goods taken Ions at any time when any of the said Rates, Duties or Taxes charged on or assessed upon such Person or Persons may become in Arrear, shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution or other Process, Warrant ^eu*° or Authority, or by virtue of any Assignment on any Account or Pretence whatever, unless the Party at Duty iu Arrear vrhofe Suit the said Execution or other Process shall be sued out, or Seizure made, or to whom such Assign- paid, xnent shall be madey shall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods or Chattels, pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or cause the same to be paid to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District in which such Goods or Chattels shall be seized, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of such District; and all Arrears of such Rates, Duties and Taxes, not exceeding One Year's Arrears beyond the Duties which shall be payable for the Year in which such Seizure shall be made 5 and the said Party at whose Instance such Seizure shall have been made, paying the said Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection as aforesaid, the Arrears due of the aforesaid Rates, Duties and Taxes for one whole Year, and for the Year in which such Seizure shall be made, may proceed in such Seizure as such Party might have done if no Rates, Duties or Taxes had been so due and in Arrear; but in case of Nonpayment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, the skid Col-le&or, or other Officer in charge of the Collection as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and required to distrain such Goods and Chattels, notwithstanding such Seizure or Assignment, and to proceed to the Sale thereof, according to the Provisions of this Act, m order to obtain Payment of all Arrears of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes then due and payable, together with the necessary and reasonable Costs and Charges attending the Distress, Keeping and Sale of such Goods and Chattels 5 and every such Collector or other Officer so doing shall Officer indemr be indemnified by virtue of this Act. '

5 S 2 XXXVI. And

868

Guardians and Executors liable to Duties having Assets in their Hands.

Allowed in Account.

Duties levied for the Year; but Quarterly or Half Yearly In-ftalments may be appointed by the Commissioners in some Dif-trids.

When Commissioners deem it expedient they may require Persons to pay Duties to Collector of District at such Places and by such In-ftalmenttas shall be specified in the Dublin Gazette.

Not paying Duties within One Month after Notice.

[Penalty.]

Mistake in Name not to invalidate Notice.

Commissioners may examine Collectors on Oath or Affirmation as to the Sute of their Accounts.

Officer neglect-

ing for Ten Days to return

C. 57. 56° GEORGII III.AJX 1816.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with the said Rates, Dqties and Taxes, or any of them, shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, or where any Person so charge* able shall die, in every such case the Parent or Guardian or Guardians of such Minor having Monies or Property of such Minor whereout such Rates, Duties or Taxes may be paid, and the Executor or Executors, or Administrator or Administrators of the Person or Persons so dying, having received Assets sufficient for the Purpose, shall be and is and are hereby made liable to and charged \yith the Payments which the said Minor ought to have made and the Person so dying was chargeable with for or on account of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; and if such Parent or Guardian or Guardians, Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against him, her or them in like manner as against any other Person or Persons making Default in Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; and every Parent or Guardian making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed the fame in his, her or their Accounts, and every Executor and Administrator shall be allowed to dedud all such Payments out of the Assets of the Person so dying.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said leveraj Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be charged for and assessed and levied for the whole Year, commencing the Sixth Day of January in each Year, and ending oo the Fifth Day of January then next following: Provided always, that the said several Rates, Duties and Taxes shall, and may be payable and receivable by Quarterly or Half Yearly Instalments in such District* or Places only as the said Commissioners of Inland Excne and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall for that Purpose from time to time direct and appoint, subject to such Orders, Rules, Regulations and Directions with relped thereto, and to the taking, levying and collecting of the fame, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall from time to time think fit to make and appoint.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall deem it expedient to authorize and empower all or any Person or Persons to pay to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, in such Places as the said Commissioners shall think fit, the Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Part thereof, which such Person or Persons shall be chargeable with and liable to pay, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners so to do, and for that Purpose the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has been deemed expedient by them to allow the said Rates, Duties and Taxes to be paid to and received by such Collector, or other Officer in charge as aforesaid, in such Places as shall be therein specified; and from and after the time that such Notice shall have been given in the Dublin Gazette as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person within the Place or Places 10 specified to pay to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Person shall reside, the several Rates, Duties and Taxes with which such Person shall be chargeable, or any Instalment thereof, in the Year in which such Notice shall be given, and the Receipt of such Collector or other Officer shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Person for the Rates, Duties or Taxes which he or she shall have so paid, and upon Proof made to the Collector of the Taxes of such Payment, by Production of the Receipt, signed by the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer in charge as aforesaid, to whom such Payment shall have been made, or other sufficient Proof thereof, such Taxes which shall have been so paid shall not be levied by the Collector of the Taxes.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chargeable with and liable to pay any of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them respectively, shall not pay the same to the Officer empowered to collect the fame, within One Calendar Month after Notice, in the Name of such Officer, shall have been given to such Person, or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, requiring him or her to pay such Rates, Duties or Taxes, every such Person shall for every Neglect or Default forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Rates, Duties or Taxes which shall be then due and owing by such Person.

XL. And be it further eriaded, That any Notice which shall be given or served by any Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, shall not be impeached or affected by Reafoo of any Mistake or Variance in the Christian Name or Surname, or either of them, of any Person liable or chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or in the Amount of the Rate, Duty or Tax, but that every such Notice shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Mistake or Variance, provided that the Person intended to be described shall really be liable to the said Rate, Duty and Tax, or the Rate, Duty or Tax intended to be described shall be chargeable on such Person.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, from time to time, as often as they shall think expedient, to call before them any and every Collector and Collectors of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, and to examine him or them upon Oath, or if a Quaker, on solemn Affirrtiation; and to ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been collected and paid to such Collector or Collectors for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes; and also to ascertain the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Cause or Causes thereof; and also upon Oath or Affirmation to examine the said Collector or Collectors touching the due Payment over of any Sum or Sums previously collected by him or them, and with respect to the Sum or Sums remaining in the Hand or Hands of such Collector or Collectors, and to make such Order in the Premises as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall judge necessary to prevent any Failure in the Payment of any Part of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Officer or Person appointed to collect the Rates, Duties and Taxes aforesaid, shall not within Ten Days after Demand in Writing signed by any Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes served on such Officer or other Person or left at his usual Place

of

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III..C. 57. 869

of Abode, whether he be then in Commission as a Tax Officer or not, return a full and distinct Account of an Account of his Collection of the said several Rates, Duties arid Taxes, specifying such as he mar have omitted to his Collection, collect, (if any such there be, ) then and in such case the Number of Fire Hearths, Fire Places, and Stoves, Amount of Windows and LightB, Carriages, Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings or Dogs, in Dut in the the Walk, or Parish or Parishes (as the case may be) wherein such Officer shall have been appointed to next or other collect, shall for such Year for which he shall so fail to deliver such Account be deemed equal to the preceding Year. Number of Fire Hearths, Fire Places, and Stoves, and Windows and Lights, Carriages, Servants, Horses,

Mares, Geldings or Dogs charged to such Walk, or Pafiffi or Parishes, for the Year next preceding, or any other of the Three last Years, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, and every such Officer or other Person shall be charged with such Sum as the Rates, Duties and Taxes, payable in the Year for which such Account shall not have been returned would have amounted unto, in respect of the Number of Fire Hearths, Fire Places, or Stoves, Windows or Lights, Carriages, Servants, Horses, Mares, Geldings or Dogs respectively appearing to have been charged in such Walk, Parish or Parishes, in such next or other preceding Year, and such Officer or other Person shall be liable to and shall pay the same, and his Sureties shall Sureties answer-be answerable therefore, to the Extent of the Sum contained in the Bona or other Security, which such aWe*

Sureties shall have entered or shall enter into.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Person appointed to assess, charge, levy or Officer making collect the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his frlfe Entries. Heirs or Successors, make any false or untrue Entry, in any Abstra&, Ledger or other Book containing the Survey or Collection of his Walk, Division or District, or shall with such Intent omit to make an Entry or Entries in any such Abstract, Ledger or Book respectively, or shall give or grant any false or untrue Receipt for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or shall make any false or untrue Entry in any Duplicate or Triplicate of any such Receipt given or granted by him, or if any such Officer or other Person mall knowingly permit or suffer the same to be done in any of the respective cases aforesaid, every such Officer or Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicteo, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Inspector or Supervisor or Inspector, &c. Collector of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to require any Person chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to produce to such Inipe&or, Supervisor or Collector, the last Receipt passed or given to such Person by any Collector of such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of given for Duty, them, for and on account of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or such of them as such Person was chargeable with and liable to pay; and if on Demand made by such Inspector, Supervisor or Collector, at Not producing it the usual Place of Abode of such Person, such Receipt shall not be produced and delivered to such In- after Notice, spe&or, Supervisor or Collector, to be retained by him for such time as shall be sufficient to enable such Officer to take a Copy of the fame, then it shall and may be lawful for such Inspector, Supervisor or Collector, and they are hereby respectively required to leave a Notice at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, Setting forth that such Inspector, Supervisor or Collector will attend at such usual Place of Abode of such Person, at a certain Day and Hour to be specified in such Notice, and requiring him or her to produce or cause to be produced such Receipt to such Inspector, Supervisor or Collector at the Day and Hour mentioned in such Notice 5 and if such Person shall not produce such Receipt to such Inspector,

Supervisor or Collector, on his attending for that Purpose at the time specified in such Notice, then such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds, unless he or she shall at such time Penalty, make Oath before such Iofpe&or, Supervisor or Collector, which Oath such Officers are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer without Fee or Reward, that he or she used due Diligence to find or procure the said Receipt, and that he or she hath not been able to find or procure the same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Inspector of Taxes, or any Game Certifi-other Officer or Officers, who now is or hereafter shall be appointed by or under the Commissioners of Inland "tc to Pro* Excise and Taxes in Ireland to collect or superintend the Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, ^ired. "*" or any of them, to demand and require from any Person who shall use or keep any Dog, Gun, Net or other*

Engine for the taking or Destruction of Game, to produce and shew to such Officer the proper Certificate to such Person for Liberty to kill Game, and every such Person shall, upon such Demand and Requisition as aforesaid, produce such Certificate to the Officer (o demanding and requiring the fame, and shall permit the same to be inspected accordingly; and if any such Person shall wilfully neglect or refuse to produce and shew a Certificate in force, issued to him for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall decline to produce or shew the fame, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take or make any Affidavit or any person* swear-Oath, or make any Affirmation by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly ing falsely. swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person being duly convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, such Person being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning, shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in Perjury, force in Ireland

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Fine or Penalty shall be incurred for any Offence Penalties how under the Provisions of this Act, or any other Act or Acts, which shall or may from time to time be in force r*covered-in Ireland} in any wise relating to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes,

or

Nonpayment of Penalties, Imprisonment.

Penalties not exceeding 40L may be recovered before a Justice.

Oath of One Witnessc

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Costj.

Notice of Appeal. Examination of Witnesses on Oath.

Costs of Appeal.

Convictions not removed by Certiorari.

Personsl Service of Process dot necessary.

Witnesses neglecting their Duty.

Refuting to be examined.

or any of them, the fame may be sued for and recovered by any Person who will sue for the fame by Adien of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Recorder, Chairman or A Aidant Barrister, within whose local Jurisdiction such Offence shall have been committed; and it shall be lawful for the Court in which any such Fine or Penalty shall be awarded to order the Offender to be committed to Gaol in case of Nonpayment thereof, there to remain until such Fine or Penalty be fully paid and satisfied.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace ia Ireland, within whose Jurisdiction any Offence, for which the Penalty shall not exceed Forty Pounds, shall be committed against this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Ireland\ relating in any wise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, and every such Justice is hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint in Writing made in that behalf within Six Months after the Offence committed, in such case to summon the Party accused of such Offence, and also the Witnesses, if any, on either Side, and to examine into the Fad, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the Confession of the Party or Person accused of such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer, to give Judgment for such Penalty, and thereupon to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for levying such Penalty on the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Over-plus (if any); and where Goods or Chattels sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace, or any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City or Town in which such ConviCbion shall be, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison until such Penalty shall be paid 5 and if any Person, whether Prosecutor or Party convicted, shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Peace, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Person (if the Person so appealing shall be the Person convideil), upon giving sufficient Security by Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties before such Justice, to pay the Amount of the Penalty imposed by such Conviction as aforesaid, together with Costs not exceeding Forty Shillings, as such Justice shall appoint, to appeal to the Justice or Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the County, County of a Town or City, as the case may be, which shall be held after fourteen clear Days from the Day on which such Conviction shall have been made, in the District in which such Offence shall have been committed, if such County shall be divided into District9, or if not so divided, then at the General Sessions of the County, or County of a Town or City, which shall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after such Conviction fell have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the adverse Party, Ten clear Days previous to the first Day of such Quarter Sessions respectively; and such Justices at such Sessions shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally hear and determine such Appeal, and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs to the Prosecutor occasioned by such Appeal, as to him or them shall seem meet, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty Shillings; and such Justice or Justices of the feud Court of Quarter Sessions shall and may thereupon proceed in the same manner in all respects, as the Justice making such Conviction might or could have done if such Appeal had not taken place.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alleged to be made by any Justice, or before any Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alleged to have been given or made by any such Justice or Justices under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari out of the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made, and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any Conviction, Order or Sentence made or given in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon 5 any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Act, or under any Act or Acts in force from time to time, for the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or for regulating any such Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, or the Collection thereof, whether the same shall be by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, or by Civil Bill, or by any Proceeding before a Magistrate or Magistrates, or on any Writ of Error or Appeal from any Decision, that the Original or any other Process or Summons, or any Notice or Order whatsoever should be personally served on the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them; but it shall in all such cases be sufficient, that the fame or a Copy thereof be served or polled, as the case may be, at his, her or their then Place or Places of Abode.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in any case under this Act before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, the Expence of such Witness or Witnesses, if he, she or they shall be required to go to a greater Distance than Five Miles from Home, being first; paid or tendered without a reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices respectively, or upon appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, and shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices

at

56° GEORGII III.

C. 57. 871

at Sessions respectively, then such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty under this Act or under any Act relating to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, any Informer or other Person who in the Event of a Conviction would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, shall nevertheless be received, and admitted as a Witness on such Trial or other Proceeding, and such Testimony shall, if believed, be sufficient thereon, to all Intents and Purposes, so far as the fame Testimony could be if given by any indifferent Person.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, or of any Offence against any Act in anywise relating to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or of any of them, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis; which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes without setting forth the Evidence or dating the case in any more particular manner; (that is to say),

9 JJE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A. 0. of in the County of or County of the City or

9 Town of [as the case may be]9 was convicted before me /. P. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of £or County of the City of for that the said

9 A. 0. on the Day of in the Year at in the said County of did [here fate the Offence] contrary to the Statute in that case made and

9 provided 5 and I do therefore adjudge the said A. 0. to have forfeited the Sum of British

9 Currency, making the Sum of Irish Currency. Given under my Hand and Seal the

9 Day of

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Parchment, and returned within Ten Days from the Day of such Conviction to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town (as the case may be), or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to remain and to be kept among the Records of the same County or Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit Ten Pounds.

JLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant so to be issued by any such Justice of the Peace for levying any Sum under any such Conviction, from the Goods of any such Offender, shall be in the Form following, or in some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect; which Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; (that is to say),

County of

> c To M. and N.9 and each of them, and their and each of their Assistants.

to wit. )

WHEREAS on the Day of in the Year

9 A. 0. of was duly convicted, for that he for she] on the

Day of in the Year at in the said County of or County of the City or Town of [as the case may be] did [here fate the

Offence], and thereupon the said A. 0. hath become liable to a fine or Penalty of

British Currency, (amounting to Irtfb Currency); I do therefore by these Present*

authorize you, and each of you, to take into your Possemon the Goods and Chattels of the said A. 0*, or a

Sufficiency thereof, for levying the Sum last mentioned thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods and

Chattels in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods and Chattels shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum, within Six Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are, by Public Sale thereof, to«levy the said Sum, rendering to the said Am 0. the Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you shall«bring to me without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal this«Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for com* jnitting such Offender or Offenders, in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned, to the Words, I

do therefore by th^fe Presentswhich Words, and all from thence to the Words9disposed of according to

Law' inclusive, shall be omitted, and the Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect shall be inserted in their Place; (to wit), — 1 And whereas on the Day of

a Warrant was issued to levy the last mentioned Sum from the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender,

and such Goods and Chattels could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum; I do therefore hereby

authorize and command, you and each of you to take the Body of the said A. 0. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the said /. P*, or any other Magistrate for the said9 County:

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such War*ant, save only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words,

I do therefore hereby authorize and command you, there shall follow these Words, 9to receive into your

9 Custody the Body of the said A. 0., and him [or her} safely to keep until the said Sum shall be paid.9Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And

[Penalty.]

Informer* admitted Wit-

ConvtAiont to be made in th* following

Form.

Conviction te be written and returned by Justice,

Penalty. Warrant of Distress to be in the following

Form.

If not sufficienc Good*, Warrant for Committal.

Form of Committal.

Good in Law. And each and every' of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

Warrant of

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions,

Committal to be the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the lame into Execution, shall be granted in the following by the Justice or Justices so affirming the fame, or any of them, and shall be in the Forms here following' respectively, or some other Form of Words of the fame Import respectively

Form.

County of to wit.

To M. and N. and each of them, their and each of their Assistants. t

If not sufficient Goods. Warrant of Committal.

'Form of CommittaL

Good in Law.

Copy of Con-vi&ions fiimished to Collector, and by him transmitted to Commissioners.

[Penalty.]

His Majesty's Share of Penalties to be paid over to the Collector of District.

Justice not paying fame.

Penalty. Justices neglecting their Duty.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners may mitigate Penalties,

WHEREAS on the Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred

and A. 0. was duly convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, for that

he [or (he] on the Day of at in the said County, did [here Jtate

the Offence]j and thereupon the said A. 0. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of British

Currency, making a Sum of Irish Currency: And whereas the said A* 0. appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions which h*th affirmed the fame with Costs, making together with the said former Adjudication the Sum of; these are therefore to authorize and command you

and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods and Chattels of the said A, O. or a Sufficiency

thereof, for levying the said last mentioned Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods or Chattels

in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods and Chattels shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Four Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are by public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said A. 0. the Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to

us, [or to One of us, or to me, as the case may be"\ without Delay, to be disposed of according to Laws

Given under our Hands and Seals [or under my Hand and Seal] this Day of

And if Goods and Chattels sufficient cannot be found to answer such Sum, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned, to the Words ' these

are therefore to authorize and command you; f which Words, and all from thence to the Words disposed of

according to Law* inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit, — 4 And Whereas on the Day of

4 a Warrant was issued to levy the said last mentioned Sum from the Goods and Chattels

4 of the said A. 0. and such Goods and Chattels could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, we

[or I] do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said A. 0*

wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before us [or me] i9

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Di rest ion thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words We [or I] do therefore hereby authorize and command you, there shall follow these Words, to take into your Custody the Body of the said A. 0. and him or her safely to keep from the Date hereof until the find Sum shall be paid. Given under our Hands and Seals, [or my Hand and Seal,] this Day of:

And each and every the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall within One Calendar Month after any such Conviction shall have been returned to his Office, furnish to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in charge of the District in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction signed by himself, for which he shall receive from such Collector or other Officer in charge as aforesaid, the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and every such Collector or other Officer in charge shall forthwith transmit such Copy so signed to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes; and if any such Clerk of the Peace or Collector or other Officer in charge as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit so to do respectively, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That such Part, Share and Proportion as shall be payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of, from or out of any Penalty or Fine payable or recoverable under this Act, or' under any Act or Acts which shall in any ways relate to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall, unless otherwise particularly directed, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by the Justice of the Peace by whom the same shall have been so levied or received, to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the District in which the Offence was committed; and if any such Justice of the Peace shall neglect or omit so to pay over the fame, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds,

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer in Ireland, shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry into Execution this Act, or any Act or Acts which is or shall be in force in Ireland, relating in anywise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any of the Provisions of any such Act or Acts, upon proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to abate, reduce or mitigate any Fine or Penalty which shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of this Act, or under any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland, relating in anywise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them$ provided that every such Abatement, Reduction and Mitigation, shall be under and

§73

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 57.

and subject to all such Rules and Regulation as by any Act or Acts now or hereafter to be in force in Ireland, any Fine or Penalty incurred for any Offence against any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Excise, shall or may be abated, reduced or mitigated.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines or Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which is, are or shall be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British Currency, and that every such Fine or Penalty not particularly directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid and distributed, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person fuingfor the same.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act, and the several Schedules hereto annexed, granted and made payable, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and that all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall and may be sued for, and recovered, levied and applied in such manner and Form and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several A3s relating to the Revenues, matters and things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in ana by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Con-ftrudions and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned ana expressed and reenacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts now or hereafter to be in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise is provided.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and all the Clauses and Provisions herein contained, shall be deemed and taken to have commenced and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Sedions of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FIRE HEARTHS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for and out of every Dwelling House, in the whole of which, with every Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be Two or more Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places for Firing, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January following, the several and respective yearly Rates, Duties and Taxes following; that is to lay.

DUTY.

Yearly Rate on the House for the whole Number of Hearths. Rates for each Hearth.

r£ s. d. £. s* d.

In respect of 4 O 12 0 0 3 O

5 O 17 6 0 3 6

6 i 4 0 0 4 0

7 1 11 6 Q 4 6

8 2 0 0 0 5 0

9 296 O £ 6

10 3 p 0 0 0 0

11 3»6 0 6 6

12 4 4 0 0 7 0

*3 / 4 x7 6 0 7 6

H 5 i* 0 0 8 0

15 6 7 6 0 8 6

16 7 4 0 090

f7 8 1 6 096

18 90 0 0 10 0

*9 9*9 6 0 10 6

20 11 0 0 0 71 0

1 56 Geo. III. 5 T 12 1 6 0 II 6

Penalties paid i* British Currency.

Application of Penalties.

Duties, how levied.

14 & 15 Car. x.

00

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Commencement of Ad.

Act may be altered, fee.

Schedule (A.) — continued.

DUTY.

Yearly Uate on the House for 1 he whole Number of Hearths. Rates for each Hearth.

<£. s. d. «f. d»

13 4 0 0 12 0

H 7 6 0 12 6

15 12 0 0 13 0

16 17 6 0 13 6

18 4 0 0 14 0

1911 6 0 14 6

2100 0 15 0

0 0

In respect 22

23

24

3

27

28

And for and out of every Dwelling House in the whole of which, with" every Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be more than 28 Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places for Firing, in respect of each and every Fire Hearth or Stove, or other Place for Firing, in such Dwelling House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be paid the yearly Sum of

RULES for charging the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

Every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging to any Dwelling House shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Dwelling House; and all Hearths, Stoves or Places for Firing in such Outhouse, Office or Edifice shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Hearths in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax.

And in all cases where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houses adjoining each other so as that the same shall be occupied by One Person, and his or her Family, Inmates or Lodgers, the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths and Stoves or other Fire Places, shall be rated as if such Houses, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices belonging or appertaining to each of them, were One HQufe with such Outhouses, Offices or Edifices belonging thereto.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublih, or any House within the Circuit thereof, or any House or Tenement provided for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Iceland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary -to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office 5 and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, shall be exempted from the said Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any Dwelling House which after the Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the passing of this Act, shall have been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not less than Ten Acres Irish Plantation Measure 5 and in the whole of which Dwelling House, with every Outhouse or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall not have been nor shall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty in respect thereof, from the time when such Dwelling House shall have been first occupied until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of such first Occupation 5 provided that such Dwelling House shall have % been and shall be occupied together with such Farm; and in case such House shall not be so occupied therewith, the fame Dwelling House, with every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, and the Occupier thereof, shall be chargeable with the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Firing Places therein respectively, on and from the Sixth Day of January in the Year in which such Dwelling House shall cease to be occupied with such Farm, and from thenceforward shall not be entitled to any such Exemption.

Where any newly built House, or Addition to an House, shall be used or inhabited in Part only, the Remainder thereof being unfit for Use or Habitation, the Fire Hearths therein to be charged only for and in respect of the Parts thereof that shall be used or inhabited.

Any Oven or any fixed Boiler in any Dwelling House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, shall be exempted from the said Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any House situate within the Distri6fc of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Six Hearths, or upwards, in which no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, and which shall be wholly let for Lodgings, and occupied by Lodgers, each Lodging set to or occupied by one Person or Family, and such Lodging not confiding of more than One Room, shall not be charged with any higher Rate than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Fire Place therein.

Any-

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 57.75

Schedule (A.)--c9ntiimed.

An j House situate within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which shall befet to or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not subject to a Rent exceeding Fire Pounds Yearly for such Lodging, and not being provided by the Person setting such Lodging, with Diet or other Accommodation, though such House fhaff be partly inhabited by the Owner, shall not be charged with any higher Duty than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Fire Place.

Any Hospital House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, Charity'School, Gaol, Prison or Session House, Hall, Office or other Public Building whatever, in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Hearths therein, otherwise than in manner herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments in any such Public Buildings, being occupied by any Officer, Matter, Mistress or Superintendant, of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer, Matter, Mistress or Superintendant, shall be deemed Dwelling Houses, and shall be liable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly 5 and the Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servants such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Tax as Occupiers of Houses are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the same.

SCHEDULE (B.)

WINDOWS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for and out of every Dwelling House, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices appertaining or belonging thereto, having more than Six Windows or Lights, in respect of the Windows or Lights m every such Dwelling House and Appurtenance as aforesaid respectively.

£. /« d. £. dlv

In respect of 7 Windows or Lights I 0 6 In respect of 36 - H J3 6J

8 - I3 O 37 - - 25 10 6

9 - - 2 2 0 38 - - 26 7 0

10 - - 2 16 0 39 ... 27 4 0

11 - 3 12 6 40 to 44 - 28 17 6

12 - - 496 45 to 49 - 31 13 6

*3 5 6 6 50 to 54 - - 34 10 0

*4 - - 6 3 6 55 to 59 - 37 6 0

- 7 0 0 60 to 64 - - 395 6

16 - - 7 17 0 €5 to 69 - 42 0 6

17 - - 8 H 0 70 to 74 - 44 5 0

18 910 6 75 to 79 - 46 10 0

19 10 7 6 x 80 to 84 - 48 15 0

20 - - 11 4 6 85 to 89 - 51 0 0

21 12 1 0 90 to 94 - 53 4 6

22 - - 12 18 0 95 to 99 - 5596

233 15 0 100 to 109 - I8 17 0

24 H 11 6 no to 119 - <53 6 6

*5 - 15 8 6 120 tO I29 - - - 67 16 6

26 16 5 6 130 to 139 - 72 6 0

27 17 2 0 140 to 149 - 76 16 0

28 - - 17 19 0 150 to 159 - - - 81 5 6

29 18 16 0 160 to 169 - 855 6

30 - -9 12 6 170 to 179 - 90 5 0

31 2096 180 or upwards 93 2 6

32 - - 21 6 '6 And for every such Dwelling which

33 22 3 0 shall contain more than 180 Win-

34 23 0 0 dows or Lights, for every Window or

35 23 16 6 Light exceeding the Number of 180 0 3 0

RULES for charging the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

All Windows or Lights in such Dwelling House, with the Appurtenances as aforesaid, and Sky Lights or Windows or Lights in any Stair Case, Garret, Cellar and Passage in any Dwelling House, or in any other Part or Place of or belonging to any Dwelling House, to what Use or Purpose soever applied, shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows or Lights, in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with Rate, Duty or Tax.

And every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging to any Dwelling House, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Dwelling House 5 and all Windows or Lights in such Outhouse, Office pr Edifice, shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows respectively, in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax.

j T 2 la

A.IX18 x6.

C. 57. 56° GEORGII III.

Schedule (B.) — continued.

In all cases where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houses adjoining each other, so as that the same shall be occupied by One Person, and his or her Family, Inmates, or Lodgers* the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Windows or Lights shall be rated as if such Houses, with the Appurtenances as aforesaid to each, were One House.

When a Partition or Division in any Window or Light, or between Two or more Windows or Lights fixed in any One Frame, shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches or more, the Window or Light on each Side of such Partition or Division shall be deemed a9 a distinct Window or Light, and shall be rated accordingly: Provided always, that every Window in a Frame, which is or shall be extended into a greater Number of Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies than One, shall be reckoned and charged for so many separate Windows as there are Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies into which the same shall be extended.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties.

Any Warehouse being a distinct and separate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the Dwelling House, nor Shop, nor occupied in Part nor in the whole as a Dwelling House, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for carrying on some Manufacture or Trade, although the lame may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling House, shall be wholly exempted from the said Duties.

Any Dwelling House which after the Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the passing of this Act, shall have been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not less than Ten Acres Irish Plantation Measure, and in the whole of which Dwelling House, with every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall not have been nor shall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves or other Places for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty in respect of Windows or Lights from the time when such Dwelling House shall have been first occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of such first Occupation: Provided, that such Dwelling House shall have been and shall be occupied together with such Farm; and in case such House shall not be so occupied therewith, the said Dwelling House, with any Outhouse, Office or Edifice, appertaining thereto, and the Occupier thereof, shall be chargeable with Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of Windows or Lights therein respectively, on and from the Sixth Day of January in the Year in, which such Dwelling House shall cease to be occupied with such Farm, and from thence forward shall not be entitled to any such Exemption.

Where any House or Addition to an House newly built shall be used or inhabited in part only, the Remainder thereof being unfit for Use or Habitation, the Windows or Lights therein to be charged only for and in respect of the Parts thereof that shall be used or inhabited.

If m any House containing Eight Windows or more, any Room or Rooms shall be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers, not paying respectively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds Yearly for such Lodging, and not being provided by the Person setting or letting such Lodging with Diet or other Accommodation, so much of the Tax on such House in respect of all the Windows or Lights therein, as shall in respectc of the Windows or Lights in the Part of such House so occupied, exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, shall be deduded from the whole Charge of such House.

Any Hospital, House provided for the Reception and Relief of Poor Persons, Charity School, Gaol, Prison, SessionB House, Hall, Office or Public Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Windows therein, otherwise than in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms or Apartments in any such Public Building being occupied by any Officer, Master, Mistress or Superintendant of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer or Person as aforesaid; and if all such Rooms or Apartments shall not contain more than Six Windows or Lights, shall be charged with the Tax in respect of Windows at the Rate of One Shilling for each Window or Light therein 5 and if all such Rooms or Apartments shall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire House, and the Officers or Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servants such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Taxes as Occupiers of Houses are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the same.

Where any Window in any Dwelling House shall be occupied with or used for a Loom which shall be (landing at such Window, and really used in Weaving, no Duty shall be charged in respect of such Window.

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied during the whole of any Year from the Fifth Day of January in such Year to the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, as a Boarding School for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person licensed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or the Justices at Sessions, shall not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein; provided that if the Tax shall have been paid according to the said Rate of One Shilling for each Window, and that such House shall cease to be so occupied and kept as aforesaid, within the Year for which such Tax shall have been paid, Credit shall be given for the Sum so paid out of the Charge to which such House shall become liable in consequence of having so ceased to be occupied and kept as above mentioned.

14

56° GEORGII III. C. 57.

SCHEDULE (C.)

MALE SERVANTS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for or in respect of every Male Servant

retained or employed by any Person or Persons.

NUMBER THEREOF. Amount of Duty payable for each Servant. NUMBER THEREOF. Amount of Duty payable for each Servant.

i such Servant - £. , d. 280 7 such Servants -. d. 5 s 0

2 - 320 8 ... j 12 0

3 ... - 316 09 620

4 - 470 10 - - , 6 13 0

S 418 0 11 and upwards ... 7 13

6 5 3

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and shall be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, in any of the following Capacities; that is to say, Maitre d9Hotel, House Steward, Matter of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber* Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Pottillion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables, Gardener, Paise Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntsman or Whip per in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants, really acting in any of the said Capacities, shall be called or known, or whether such Male Servants shall have been or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with any one or more of the fame; and for every Servant let to Hire with any Carriage or Horses, the Tax on such Servant so hired shall be charged and chargeable on the Person who so hired such Servant and let him to Hire with any Carriage and Horses as aforesaid.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Servant who shall be really retained or employed for the Purpose of Hnfbandry or Manufacture, or of mny Trade or Calling, by which the Matter or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not at any time be employed in any Capacity in respect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener or Porter, of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital, or Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, or of any Hospital or Charitable Institution.

One Servant of any Officer serving m any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than one Servant $ and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong; and any Servant of any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Matter and Commander in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

Any Boy apprenticed to serve for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, by the Foundling Hospital, the Incorporated Society, the Hibernian School for Soldiers1 Children, the Hibernian Marine Society, or any Society or Charitable Institution in Ireland, for the Care and Education of Children, supported in the whole or in Part by Public Money or Assessment.

SCHEDULE (D.)

CLERKS AND SHOPMEN.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every Male Person retained or employed in the several

Capacities after mentioned.

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade, or exercising any Profession whatever, as a Clerk or Book Keeper, or Office Keeper (except Apprentices, for or with whom no higher Sum than Twenty Pounds has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward), the yearly Sum of- -

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid), for the Purpose of expoling to Sale, or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the yearly Sum of

200

2oo

RULES

ooQ[e

Schedule (D.) — continued.

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall retain or employ such Male Person or Persons, and shall be paid for every Person who shall be 'retained or employed in any of the said Capacities, by any Person or Persons, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in aay Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following.

SHEDULE (E.)

CARRIAGES.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in respect of ^11 Carriages of any of the Descriptions

after mentioned.

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES.

Amount of the Dut) for each Carriage.

For Carriages with Four Wheels For 1 such Carriage the Annual Sum of

3

4

I

7

8

9 and upwards

And for every additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, 'the further Annual Sum of -

For Carriages with , l$fs than Four Wheels:

For every such Carriage drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more And for every such Carriage drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Gelding or Mules And for every additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Annual Sum of -

For every Car or Carriage fitted up for carrying Persons, commonly known by the Name of an Outside Jaunting (Sir, with not more than Two Wheels, and drawn only by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule;

If kept by any Person not keeping any other Carriage liable to Duty under this Act, the Annual Sum of -

If any such Jaunting Car shall be kept by any Person keeping any other Carriage liable to Duty under this Act, then the Annual Sum of

£. d.

1200

13 o

14 o

15 o

15 15

16 8

17 o

17 12

18 3

6 6

6 10

9

3 3

3 3 0 6 10 o

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be nespectively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Sociable or Caravan, or other Carriage of the like kind, with Four Wheels; and for every Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Curricle, Chair or Jaunting Car, or Pleasure Car, with less than Four Wheels, or other Carriages of the like kind; and for any Number of such Carriages respectively, which any Person shall have or keep at any time as Owner thereof, between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January following, and which Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be respectively paid by the Person or Persons having or keeping any such Carriage, and shall be chargeable upon the Body, or if more than one, upon the Bodies of such Carriages respectively, according to the Number thereof fuccemvely used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, and not in respect of the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of such Carriages, to which the Wheels shall be attached.

Any Person who shall have in his or her Possession, Care or Keeping any Carriage whatever, chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Carriage, shall and may be chargeable and charged with, and if so charged shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Carriage in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Carriage if the fame was in the Possession of such Owners, and that Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in respect of such Carriage by the Owner thereof, shall be on the Person who shall keep or have the fame in his or her Possession, and not on the Officer; and the Person so paying the fame for or on Behalf of the Owner as aforesaid, shall have a Lien on the said Carriage for the Amount of the Sum which shall have been so paid for or on Behalf of such Owner.

13 EXEMP-

A.H1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 57.

Schedule (E.) — continued*

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaises and other Hackney Carriages, Coaches, Chaises and other Carriages kept for Hire by any Innkeeper or Person letting out Horses to travel Post or by the Mise ( an* such Carriage kept for no other Purpose but to be let for Hire to travel Post or by the Mile, and haring the Owner's Name visibly and legibly painted on the Outside of the Door Pamiel or Shafts of thefattit, ai the Case fcrtrybe.

Carnages kept for Sale by the Makers thereof until the same shall have been fold or used; any Person who is or shall be duly licensed to carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and any Person who is or shall be duly licensed to carry on the Trade of selling Carriages by Auction or on Commimon, shall not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax for or in respect of any Carriage in the Custody or Possession of such Coachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriages respectively bon& side for Sale; nor shall the Owner or Proprietor of any such Carriage be chargeable; provided that every such Carriage shall have been actually delivered into the Manufactory or Premises of such Coachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriages, on or before the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and shall have from thence continually remained therein; and that such Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, as the case may be, shall make and subscribe an Affidavit, or if a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation, before the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, or Inspector of Taxes in which such Carriage shall be so kept for Sale, which Affidavit or Affirmation such Collector or oilier Officer as aforesaid or Inspector is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, fettiftg forth the Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Owner or Proprietor of such Carriage, and the kind or Description thereof, and that such Carriage was really and actually delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, at farid Place for Sale* on or before the Fifth Day of January in the Year in which such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be made, dating the Day of such Delivery, and that the said Carriage was not to the Knowledge or Belief of such Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, in any manner uled from the Day of such Delivery of the same to the time of making such Affidavit or Affirmation; and that it shall and may be lawful for any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid and he is hereby empowered to require every such Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, to make fronv time to time in the Course of the Year, an Affidavit or Affirmation, as the case may be, to the like Effectr and if any such Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, shall refuse or neglect so te do, within Six Days' next after being so required, every such Coachmaker, or Makar or Seller of Carriages, shall be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty or Tax, for each and every Carriage in respect whereof there shall be a Default in making such Affidavit or Affirmation.

Whenever any Person who shall have paid the Duty or Tax on any Carriage kept by such Person, shall part with such Carriage in the Course of any Year, and shall in lieu thereof receive and keep any other Carriage of the like kind or Description, or any Carriage chargeable with a lower Rate, Duty or Tax, than such Person* had paid for the Carriage he or she had to part with, such Person shall not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty; or Tax in respect of such second Carriage so received in lieu of such former one, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January next after the receiving of such Second Carriage, any thing in the Act to which the Schedule is annexed, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided that such Person shall not at one and the same time have had or kept such Two Carriage^ fuch1 Fast to be verified by the Oath, or if a Quaker, by a solemn Affirmation of such Person, to be made before the Collector or other Officer in charge of the*Collection of the District, or any Sub Commissioner or Inspector of Taxes in such District wherein Inch Person shall reside, which Affidavit or Affirmation such Officers respectively are hereby authorized, empowered and required to adminrifor 5 provided that in every such Affidavit or Affirmation, the Person making the same shall state the Day of the Month and Year in which he of the parted with such Carriage, and the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Catriige (Hall have been £0 parted with, and also the Day of the Month and Year when he or she received such Second or other Carriage.

SCHEDULE (F.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Carriages chargeable on and payable by the Makers

and Sellers thereof.

For and upon every Carriage chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, which any Coach-maker or Maker of Carriages (halfmake, build or construct for Sale, the several and respective Sums following; that is to say,

Fbr every such Carriage with Four Wheels the sum of

For every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels the Sum of -

To be paid by, the Coach Maker or Maker thereof.

For every Carriage chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, which shall be sold by hny Person in Ireland by Auction or on Commission, the several and respective Sums following $ that is to say.

For every such: Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of

For every such Carriage with lese than Four Wheels, the Sum of

s. d.

1 o o o 10 o

IOO

o 10 o

To be paid by the Auftj Oneer or Person felling the fame, over and above all other Duties on such Sale. For the Rules for charging the above Duties, fee the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

SCHEDULE (G.) HORSES.

SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, payable annually for and in respect of all Horses, Mares and Geldings kept by any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty.

NUMBER OF HORSES. Amount of Duty for each Horse, Mare or Gelding. NUMBER OF HORSES. Amount of Duty for each Horle, Mare or Gelding.

For 1 such Horse Mare or Gelding / </ 2176 For 11 such Horses, Maresor Geldings £. /. d 670

2 such Horses, Mares or Geldings 4 14 6 12 - 670

3 ... 546 13 - -" 676

4 5 10 0 14 - - - 676

5 5 11 6 15 - ... 676

6 ... 5160 16 ... 676

7 ... 5 19 6 17 - ... 680

8 5 19 6 18 ... 690

9 ... 6 1 6 19 - - 6 10 0

10 - - 670 20 or upwards - - 6 12 0

RULES for charging the said DUTIES.

The said Duties shall be payable annually for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, which any Person shall keep or have as the Owner thereof at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage whatsoever chargeable with Duty; which Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons so having or keeping such Horse, Mare or Gelding except as after mentioned.

Any Person who shall have in his or her Possession, Care or Keeping any Horse, Mare or Gelding whatsoever chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rates, Duties or Taxes on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall or may be chargeable and charged with, and if so charged shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to collet and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person in the same manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as it would be lawful to colle£t and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, if the fame was in the Possession of such Owner 5 and that Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in respect of such Horse, Mare or Gelding by the Owner thereof, shall lie on the Person who shall keep or have the fame in his or her Possession, and not on the Officer; and the Person so paying the fame for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid, shall have a Lien on the said Horse, Mare or Gelding, for the Amount of the Sum which shall have been so paid, for or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS.

Race Horses charged in Schedule (H.)

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding, under Three Years old.

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding used truly and without Fraud for the Purpose of Husbandry only, on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse or other Bead, or for the Purpose of drawing any Waggon, Cart or Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to Duty), or carrying Burthens in the Course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall belong, although such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be used for Riding on the Occasions and in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have, by such Horse, Mare or Gelding been drawn or carried* or when going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpose of procuring Medical Affidance, or for the Purpose of going to and from Market, or to or from any Place of Public Worship, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Justice, provided such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall not on any Occasion be used for any other Purpose, save as a fore said.

One Horse, Mare or .Gelding, used by any Person occupying a Farm and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly, or by any Ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether anting from any Eccle-(iadical Preferment or otherwise, such Persons respectively not having or keeping any other Horse, Mare or Gelding, for Riding, or for driving any Carriage chargeable with any Duty under this Act

One Horse, Mare or Gelding, used by any Person enrolled or to be enrolled, and serving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland, who shall have attended on Horseback One Half at leaf! of the Number of Days appointed for him to Exercise or be on Duty in the Year, and who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or Permanent Serjeant, of his having done so, and of Pay haring been drawn for him for the said Number of Days,

56° GEORGII III.

C-57-

SCHEDULE (H.)

RACE HORSES.

' A SCHEDULE of the Rate, Duty and Tax payable annually for and in respect of Race Horses.

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding bona fide kept for the Purpose only of racing or running*for any Plate Prize or Sum of Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stable or the Proprietor or Proprietors or of any other Person or Persons -

Any Person who shall have in his Possession, Care or Keeping any such Race Horse, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Race Horse, shall or may be chargeable and charged with, and if so charged shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Race Horse, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to collelt and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Race Horse, if the fame was in the Possession of such Owner 5 and that Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax, for and in respect of such Race Horse, by the Owner thereof, shall lie on the Person who shall keep or have the fame in his or her Possession, and not on the Officer; and the Person so paying the fame for or on Behalf of the Owner as aforesaid, - shall have a Lien on the said Race Horse for the Amount of the Sum that shall have been so paid by him or her,

SCHEDULE (I.)

SERVANTS let to Hire.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for and in respect of SERVANTS, CARRIAGES and

HORSES let to Hire in Ireland.

For every Coachman, Groom, Postillion or Helper, kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire for any Period of time less than One Year, the Annual Sum of For every Carriage with Four Wheels, kept by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person for the Purpose of being let to Hire, for any Period of time less than One Year, without a Horse or Hones to be used therewith, the Annual Sum of For every Carriage with Four Wheels, kept by any Postmaster, Inn Keeper or other Person, duly licensed to let Post Horses, for the Purpose of being let to Hire, for any Period of time less than One Year, with a Horse or Horses to be used therewith, the Annual Sum of For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, kept by any Person whatever, for the Purpose of being let to Hire, with or without a Horse or Horses, for any Period of time less than a Year; If drawn by one Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more, the Annual Sum of -

If drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the Annual Sum of -

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of Riding) or of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty, and let to Hire for any Period of time less than One Year, the Annual Sum of-- -

s£. x. d.

2 10 o

12 o o

xo 10 o

6 10 o 900

2 17 6

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Annual Duties shall be paid by any Person who shall employ or shall keep or have in his or her Possession any such Male Servant, or any Carriage or Horse for the Purpose of letting to Hire such Servant, Carnage or Horse respectively, or who shall let to Hire such Servant, Carriage or Horse respectively, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January following.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

All Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaises and Coaches and other Carriages kept for Hire by any Person letting out Horses to travel Post by the Mile, for the drawing of which no higher Rate of Payment shall be demanded or received than is charged for other Carriages of the fame Denomination, travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage 5 and all Horses, Mares and Geldings used in the drawing such Carriages only.

Any Person who shall employ or keep, or have in his Possession, any Carriage with Four Wheels for the Purpose of getting the same to Hire, for which for travelling Post by the Mile and not by the Stage, nor by the Day, nor otherwise than by the Mile, the Duties of Twelve Pounds or Ten Pounds Ten Shillings above mentioned, shall have been respectively paid for the Year ending Fifth January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or for any subsequent Year, and who shall produce to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes a Receipt or Receipts from the proper Officer of the Police in Dublin, for the Amount of the Local Taxes inaposed in Dublin on such Carriage for the whole of such Year, shall be entitled to an Allowance or Repayment of Seven Pounds out of the above Duties of Twelve Pounds, or Ten Pounds Ten Shillings respectively; and such Allowance or Repayment of the said Sum of Seven Pounds shall be made to such Person under the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes accordingly.

56 Geo. III. 5 U

31 G. 3. c. 87.

55 G. 3. c. 30.

Sch. (A.) Tit, Licences*

Duty granted by jl G. 3. c. 87.

§ I. and 55 G. 3. c. 30. Sch. (A.) repealed.

SCHEDULE (K.)

DOGS.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in respect of Dogs*

For every Greyhound kept by any Person, whether the fame be his or her Property or the Property of any other Person or Persons -

For every Hound, Pointer or Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, where only One such Dog is kept -

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, of whatever Description or Denomination the fame may be, except Greyhounds, whether the fame be the Property of him, her or them, or of any other Person or Persons -

For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by any Person having One such Dog and no more, whether the fame be the Property of him, her or them, or the Property of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of.

£ /.

1 o

o 11 o 14

o 8

1

o

6

o;

o i

Any Person who shall have in his Possession, Care or Keeping, any Dog whatever chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Dogs, shall or may be chargeable and charged with, and if so charged shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Dog, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes, of and from every such Person, in the same manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as it would be lawful to collect and levy ftfuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, of and from the Owner of such Dog, if the fame was in the Possession of such Owner; and that Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax, for and in respect of such Dog, by the Owner thereof, shall lie on the Person who shall keep or have the fame in his or her Possession, and not on the Officer; and the Person so paying the fame, for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid, shall have a Lien on the said Dog for the Amount of the Sum that shall have been so paid for or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Dog or Whelp under the Age of Six Calendar Months.

All Dogs kept by any Person who shall, in respect of the several Dogs kept by such Person in each Year, pay the fuss Sum of Thirty six Pounds British Currency, by way of Composition for all such Dogs, before the Twenty fourth Day, of June in each Year.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Manufacture and Use of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing the Manufacture and Use of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter, and for indemnifying Persons who have manufactured or used such Colourings a Duty of Excise of Ten Shillings fer Barrel was iraposed for and in respect of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer 1 Colourings prepared or made from burnt Sugar reduced to a Liquid by Solution in Water, to be mixed with

Beer, commonly called or known by the Name of Porter, for the Purpose of colouring the fame; and the , Maker and Makers thereof was and were thereby required to take out a Licence and Licences authorizing

such Person or Persons to make such Liquor, and to pay for each such Licence the Sum of Five Pounds:

And Whereas by another Act, made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty's until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobaccos Snuff" and Excise Licences, an additional

Sum of Five Pounds was and is required to be paid by such Maker and Makers on taking out such Licence

as aforesaid: And Whereas great Frauds have been and are committed upon the Revenue, and also upon the Brewer and the Public, under Pretence of using such Colouring; and it is expedient to repeal the said ' Duty and the said Payments so respectively required to be made on taking out such Licence as aforesaid, and also the said Act made in the Fifty first Year aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the said recited Duty and the said respective Payments so required to be made, on taking out such Licence as aforesaid, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that from and after the Day and Year last aforesaid, the said Act, made in the Fifty first Year of His said Majesty's Reign, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively,

16 which

56° GEORGII III.

C. 58. 883

which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, no Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, fKa.ll receive or take into, or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession; or make, or use, or mix with, or put into any Worts or Beer any Liquor, Extra#, Calx or other Material or Preparation for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor, Extra#, Calx or other Material or Preparation, such as has been heretofore or as shall hereafter be made use of for or in the darkening of the Colour of Worts or Beer, other than Brown Malt ground or unground, as commonly used in Brewing, or shall receive or take into, or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or use, or mix with, or put into any Worts or Beer, any Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper or Opium, or any Extract or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper or Opium or any Article or Preparation whatsoever, for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops; and if any such Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, shall receive or take into, or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or make or use in Brewing, or mix with or put into any Worts or Beer, any Liquor, Extra#, Calx or other Material or Preparation for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor, Extra#, Calx or other Material or Preparation such as has been heretofore or as shall hereafter be made use of for or in the darkening of the Colour of Worts or Beer, other than Brown Malt, ground or unground, as commonly used in Brewing, or shall receive, or take into, or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or shall use, or mix with, or put into any Worts or Beer any Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any Extra# or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper or Opium respectively, or any Article or Preparation whatsoever, for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops 5 all such Liquor, Extract, Calx, Melasses, Honey, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Extra#, Article and Preparation as aforesaid, and also the said Worts and Beer respectively, shall be forfeited, together with the Calks, Vessels or other Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise 5 and such Brewer or Brewers of Dealer or Dealers in or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, so offending as aforesaid, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, no Druggist or Druggists, or Vendor or Vendors of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or Chymist or Chymists, or other Person or Persons whatever, shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be sold, sent or delivered to any licensed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers itt, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knowing him, her or them to be so licensed or to be reputed to be so licensed, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be sold, sent or delivered to any other Person or Persons for or on account of, or in Trust for, or for the Use of any such Brewer or Brewers, Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers, any Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of or sold as Colouring, from whatever Materials the fame may have been made, or any other Material or Preparation other than unground Brown Malt, for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor or Preparation such as has been heretofore or shall hereafter be made use of for or in the darkening of the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper or Opium, or any Extra# or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper or Opium, or any Article or Preparation to be used in Worts or Beer, for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops respectively; and if any Druggist or Druggists, or Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or any Chymist or Chymift8, or any other Person or Persons whatever, shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause, or procure, permit or suffer to be sold, sent or delivered to any licensed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knowing him, her or them to be so licensed, or to be reputed to be so licensed, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be sold, sent or delivered to any other Person or Persons for or on account of, or in Trust for, or for the Use of any such Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, any Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of, or sold as Colouring, from whatever Materials the fame may have been made, or any other Material or Preparation other than unground Brown Malt, for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor or Preparation such as has been heretofore used, or as shall hereafter be made use of for or in the darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, except as aforesaid, or any Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any Extra# or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any Article or Preparation to be used in Worts or Beer for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops respectively, all such Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of or sold as Colouring, and Material or Preparation for the Purpose aforesaid, and Liquor and Preparation used or which shall hereafter be used for or in the darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Extra# or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium and Article or Preparation to be used for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops respectively, shall be forfeited* and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Druggist or Druggists, Vender or Venders of*

5 U 2 or

No Material or Preparation of the Description herein mentioned shall be in Possession of any Brewer or Dealer, or used in colouring of Beer,

other than Brown Malt.

Such Materials forfeited.

[Penalty.]

Druggist, &c. felling such Colouring to any Brewer or Dealer, "

other than unground Brown Malt;

or felling any Liquor called Colouring,

other than unground Brown Malt;

such Materials forfeited.

884 C. 58, 59*

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

[Penalty.]

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

Act fnay be altered, ^cc.

55 G. 3. c. 6a. U-

§6.

43 G. 3.C. 81. Sch. (A.)

Instead of 17*. 4d. on eve y Barrel of Malr, 9s. 4d. shall be paid.

Allowance of 8s. per Barrel for Dry Malt in Stock.

Allowance for Spirits and Wash m Stock.

or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or Chymist or Chymists or other Person or Persons whatever, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or created by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Malt made in Ireland\ and certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt, a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence*British Currency was imposed on every Barrel containing Four Winehester Bushels of Malt made in Ireland;

and by the said recited Act certain Countervailing Duties on Malt and Beer made or Brewed in Great Britain, and imported into Ireland, and certain Drawbacks on Malt and Beer exported from Ireland, were*granted, allowed and made payable: And Whereas by the said recited Act it was, among other things, i enacted, that whenever it should happen that any Part of the Duties of Excise on Malt granted or made*payable in Great Britain, by any Ad in force at the time of the passing of the said recited Act, should cease ' or determine, Provision should be made that a like Proportion of the Duty of Excise on Malt in IreUndf under the said recited Act, should in like manner cease or determine or be repealed, and the Duty of Exdie on Malt made payable by the said Act should be reduced accordingly: And Whereas the Duties on Malt*made in England and Scotland', granted by an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

1 intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; and which by various Acts were continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, will cease and determine on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the Sum of Eight Shillings British Currency on every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bushels Winchester Measure, which, at any time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, (Part of the Duty or Excise of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence on every Barrel of Malt granted by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, J shall cease and determine 5 and that for and upon every such Barrel of Malt which, at any time or times after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen shall be made of Barley or other Corn or Grain in Ireland by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the same shall be or shall not be for Sale, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Four pence British Currency, and no more, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, shall be paid by the Maltster or Maker thereof respectively, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for all Dry Malt ground or unground which, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be in the Stock of any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Fador or Dealer in Malt, or Common Brewer or Distiller in Ireland, for which the Duties payable by Law shall have been duly charged or paid, and also for all Malt chargeable with Duty in respect of all Corn or Grain which, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be in Procefe of being made into Malt in the Malting House or Premises of any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, there shall be allowed and paid the Sum of Eight Shillings British Currency, on and for every Barrel of Malt charged or chargeable with, or which shall have paid the Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, in manner and under the Regulations herein after mentioned and expressed.

III. And be it further enacted, That for all Spirits distilled in Ireland, which shall be in the Stock of any Distiller in Ireland on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or which shall have been warehoused in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland by any Distiller pursuant to Lavr, at any time before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and which shall be in the said Warehouses on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and for all Wash, Pot Ale and Singlings in the Distillery of such Distiller on the said Fifth Day of July, there shall be allowed to the Distiller of such Spirits, or to the Proprietor of such Spirits so warehoused, for every Gallon of such Spirits the Sum of Four pence British Currency; and for all such Wash, Pot Ale and Singlings, a Sum of Four pence British Currency, on every Gallon of Spirits which, on a Calculation of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of Wash, or Pot Ale, and of One Gallon of Spirits for every Two Gallons and a Half of Singlings would be the Produce of such Wash, Pot Ale or Singlings, in manner and under the Regulations herein after mentioned and expressed.

56° GEORGII III.

C-S9-.885

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of Eight Shillings British Currency, on every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bolhels Winchester Measure made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, (Part of the Countervailing Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence on every such Barrel of Malt grantea by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and of the equivalent Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt made in Ireland, ) shall be repealed and shall cease and determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there {Hall be charged for and upon every such Barrel of Malt made in Great Britain, and imported from thence, after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, directly into Ireland, the Countervailing Duty or Sum of Nine Shillings and Four pence British Currency, and no more, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever payable on such Malt, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament i.B force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act 5 and that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt made in Ireland, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty by this Act made payable on Malt made in Great Britain and imported into Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of Five Shillings and Sixpence British Currency, on every Barrel of Beer or Ale containing Thirty two Gallons brewed or made in Great Britain and imported from thence into Ireland, (Part of the Countervailing Duty of Twelve Shillings on every such Barrel of Beer or Ale granted by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, ana of the equivalent Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, of Beer or Ale made or brewed in Irelandi) shall be repealed, and shall cease and determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there shall be charged for and upon every such Barrel of Beer or Ale brewed or made in Great Britain and imported from thence after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen directly into Ireland, the Countervailing Duty or Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence British Currency, and no more, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such Beer or Ale, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; and that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen of any Beer or Ale brewed in Ireland, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty by this Act made payable on Beer or Ale made or brewed in Great Britain and imported into Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of Eight Shillings British Currency, (Part of the Drawback or Allowance of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence, made payable by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, ) on every Barrel of Malt made in Ireland and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, and also the Sum of Five Shillings and Sixpence British Currency (Part of the Drawback or Allowance of Twelve Shillings, made payable by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament) on every Barrel of Beer or Ale made in Ireland» and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, shall be repealed, and shall cease and determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, instead of all former Drawbacks on Malt or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be paid to every Person who shall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Malt or any Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland, the Drawbacks and Allowances following; that is to say, for every Barrel of such Malt containing Four Bushels Wijichester Measure the Sum of Nine Shillings and Four pence, Britjb Currency 5 and for every Barrel of such Beer or Ale the Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence, British Currency, and no more; and the said Drawbacks shall be paid in like manner and under such Regulations and Directions as are expressed, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament.

VII. And in order to ascertain the Amount of the Allowances by this Act allowed and made payable in respect of Malt and Spirits in the Stock of Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Sale, or Factors or Dealers in Malt, Brewers and Distillers in Ireland, be it enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Excise, in charge of the Malting House, Stores or Warehouses of any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, or of any Distillery or Brewery in Ireland, shall gauge and take an Account of the Quantity of all Dry Malt ground or unground which shall be in the Stock of any Maltster or Maker of Malt lor Sale, or of any Factor or Dealer in Malt, or of any Common Brewer or of any Distiller in Ireland, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall in like manner take an Account of the Quantity of all Corn or Grain in Process of being made into Malt, which shall be in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Brewer or Distiller making Malt in Ireland, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and every such Officer or Officers shall, within Ten Days after taking such Account, make a Return in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the respective Districts in which such dry Malt, or Corn or Grain in Process of being made into Malt shall have been, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, of the just and true Quantity 6f all such Dry Malt in the Stock of every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, or Common Brewer or Distiller respectively, and of the Quantity of Malt chargeable in respect of all Corn or Grain in Process of being made into Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of every such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Brewer or Distiller making Malt respectively, and the Amount of the Allowance of Eight Shillings on every Barrel of Malt, as well for all Dry Malt as for all Malt chargeable with Duty in respect of ml Corn or Grain in Process of being made into Malt, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, Common Brewer or Distiller respectively, on the said Fifth

Day

Instead of 8s. per Barrel on a Countervailin| Duty of 9s. 4<t

Instead of js. 6d» on every Barrel of Beer, a Countervailing Duty of 6s. 6& on Exportation from or to Great Britain or Ireland jrespectively.

Instead of the Drawbacks now payable the following shall be paid t

Drawbacksof 9s. 4d. per Barrel of Malt, 6s 6d. per Barrel of Beer.

Officers of Excise to rake Account of Stock of Dry Malt and of Malt in Process, in manner herein directed, and make a Return to Collector of Distrkd, Sec.

886

Officer to leave

Copy/of Return with Maltster.

Maltster* charged in Return with the full Duty for the Month ending July 5.

[Penalty.]

An Account also to be taken of Quantity of Spirits in Stock of Distiller and Return made to Collector, &c.;

Officer to leave Copy of Return with Distiller.

[Penalty.]

Spirits in Ware*-house to be taken an Account of in like manner by Storekeeper, and Return made to Collector.

Storekeeper to leave Copy of Return with Distiller. Penalty. Allowances how m*de.

Treasury may extend time of Payment of Duty on Malt, under such Conditions as they think fit.

C. 59. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and every such Officer shall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, with every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, Brewer or Distiller respectively, or at his or their Malting House, Brewery, Distillery, Store House or Dwelling House respectively, and to transmit a Duplicate of such Return to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland: Provided always, that the Officer of Excise shall in his Return against any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Brewer or Distiller making Malt for the Month ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Distiller making Malt, with the full Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence per Barrel imposed by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for and in respect of the whole and entire Quantity of Malt with which by Law such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Distiller making Malt, shall by Law be chargeable for such Malt, any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in so doing respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Excise in charge of the Distillery of any Distiller in Ireland, shall gauge and take an Account of the Quantity of all Spirits made or distilled in Ireland which shall be in the Stock of any Distiller in Ireland on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and of all the Wash, Pot Ale and Singlings in the Distillery of such Distiller on the said Fifth Day of July; and every such Officer or Officers mall, within Ten Days after the taking of such Account, make a Return in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the respective Districts in which such Spirits shall have been on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, of the just and true Quantity of all such Spirits on the said Fifth Day of July in the Stock, Custody or Possession of every such Distiller respectively, and of the Quantity of Spirits which according to the Calculation hereinbefore directed would be produceable from all Wash, Pot Ale and Singlings in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Distiller on the said Fifth Day of July, and also of the Amount of the Allowance of Four pence on every Gallon of such Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of every such Distiller, and on every Gallon of Spirits produceable in respect of the Wash, Pot Ale or Singlings, according to the Calculation aforesaid in the Distillery of such Distiller on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and every such Officer shall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand with every such Distiller or at the Distillery of such Distiller, and to transmit a Duplicate of such Return to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, upon Pain-of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in so doing.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Storekeeper or other Person in charge of any of His Majesty's Warehouses in Ireland, in which any Spirits distilled in Ireland shall have been warehoused according to Law at any time previous to the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall, within Ten Days after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, take an Account of the

Buantity of all Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, which shall be in such Warehouse on the said Fifth ay of July, with the Number and Contents of the Casks containing the fame, the Name and Addition of the Distiller or Distillers by whom such Spirits shall have been respectively warehoused, and the Day and Month when such Spirits were first received into such Warehouse, together with all such other Particulars as may from time to time be required by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland and such Storekeeper or other Person shall, within Ten Days next after taking such Account, make a Return thereof in Writing signed with his Name to - the Collector of the District in which such Warehouse shall be situate; and every such Storekeeper or other Person shall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand with every such Distiller or at the Distillery of such Distiller, and to transmit a Duplicate of such Return to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\ upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in so doing,

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, upon the Application of any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to claim any Allowance under this Act, for or in respect of any Malt or Spirits as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners are hereby required to make any Order or Orders for the Payment or Satisfaction to such Person or Persons of all such Sum and Sums of Money as, under the Returns required to be made by this Act, shall to the said Commissioners appear to be made payable to any such Person or Persons in respect of such Allowance, either by Payment of the Amount thereof to such Person or Persons by the Collector of the District wherein such Person or Persons shall reside, or by any Allowance or Abatement to any such Person or Persons out of or in respect of any Duty or Duties of Excise which may be or become payable by or due from any such Person or Persons respectively, in such manner and at such times and under such Orders, Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall from time to time think fit to make for that Purpose.

XI. And Whereas according to the Laws in force in Ireland for the securing and collecting the Duties on*Malt, the Duties of Excise on all Malt made in Ireland are to be paid Monthly, and it may be expedient that' further time should be allowed in certain cases for the Payment of the said Duties* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and at any time before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or for the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, by any Order under his or their Hand or Hands, to allow to any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale such further and extended time for the Payment of any Duty of Excise chargeable on any such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale in respect of any Malt made at any time before the passing of

thi|

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

0.59, 60. 887

this Act, or which shall be made at any time before the said Twenty ninth Day of September, as to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office shall seem fitting and expedient, under such Conditions, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office shall think fit and proper to order and direct in that behalf, and the Duty on all such Malt shall be paid and payable, at such extended time and under such Conditions, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions accordingly; and in Default thereof such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale shall be subject and If Duty not paid liable to such Penalties and Forfeitures as he would be subject to in case of any Default of paying such Duty at such extended or Duties at the time now prescribed by Law for the Payment of the fame, as fully to all Intents and Purposes lirne» Penalties, as if such Penalties and Forfeitures were reenacted herein and made applicable to enforce the Payment of the fame at the Expiration of such extended time: Provided always, that no Permit shall be granted for the Removal Permir not of any such Malt out of the Stock of any Maltster or Maker of Malt before all the Duties payable thereon £5a"te<i*11 shall have been fully paid and satisfied. Dut, CT ra, d'

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several reduced Duties and Drawbacks by this Act declared to be Duties, Draw, 'payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, reco- ba.c|<s and Pe-

M J9'*w^I / "a"91. 1

vered and applied in such manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, andre

r._i_ -1-- 1 an(j un(jer such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, covered, a* by

paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth 14 &5 Car. 2.

__1 \r_____c xjL x* /i_ tt* _ m o_____j j a Ac, rv / _ rn

and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or nc*u) co Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better 46 G. 3. c. 106. Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commis- j3"f0^eln^re-Jioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or by any kJj/*other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuiloms and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided 5 and that all and every Act and Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excise on Malt, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, matters and things therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the raising, levying and collecting the reduced Duties and Drawbacks by this Act declared to be payable, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and reenacted in this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts ACi may be to be made in this present Session of Parliament. altered, &c.

CAP. LX.

An Act to authorize the transferring Stock upon which Dividends shall remain unclaimed for the Space of at least Ten Years at the Bank of England, and also all Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Balances of Sums issued for paying the Principals of Stocks or Annuities, which shall not have been demanded for the same Period, to the Cojaimissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is just and expedient that all Capital Stock in respect of which any Annuities con-

ftituting any Part of the National Debt are payable at the Bank of England', and upon or in respect of which the Dividends shall be due and remain unclaimed for the Space of at least Ten Years, and also all

Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Balances of Sums issued for paying the Principals of Stocks or Annuities,

which shall not have been demanded for the same Period, should be transferred to the Commissioners for the t Reduction of the National Debt, under certain Restrictions and Regulations, for the Public Service; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately and from time to time after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and All Stock upon sixteen, all the Capital Stock in respect of which any Annuities constituting any Part of the National Debt which Dividends are payable at the Bank of England, and also the Annuities for Years, commonly called Long Annuities, and have remained other terminable Annuities, and upon which or in respect whereof no Dividends shall have been demanded for Ten*Years to the Period of Ten Years or upwards preceding the last Day upon which any Dividend upon any such Stock |, e transferred to or Annuities shall have become due or payable (except where the Payment of any such Dividends shall have the Commission-been or shall be restrained by the Order or Injunction of a Court of Equity), shall be transferred, in manner eisfortheRe-herein after mentioned, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from the Ac- <h|<a., on count or Accounts, Name or Names, in which the fame is and Hands in the Books of the Governor and Com- allona e r' pany of the Bank of England, unto a new and separate Account to be raised in the Names of the Commissioners for the time being for the Reduction of the National Debt; and immediately after such Transfer, the Name Lift of Parties in or Names in which such Stock flood immediately previous to such Transfer, and the Residence and Description whose Names of the Parties, the Amount transferred, and the Dates of fufch Transfers, shall be entered upon a List to be Stock flood 0, en kept at the Bank for that Purpose, which Lift shall be open for Inspection at the usual Hours of Transfer at for n , on the Bank.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Transfers to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be made and Transfers to be signed by the Accountant General or the Secretary of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England made by Ac-

for tountaut General or Secretary of the Bank of England, who are indemnified.

Duplicate Regis-ter oi Transfers kept in Office of Commissioners.

Dividends on such Stocks Inverted from time to time, to accumulate for Benefit of Parties, or, if they do not claim, for the Public Service.

Bank of England empowered to direct Transfers to any Person establishing a Claim to any such Stock, and pay the Dividends thereon.

Claim stated by Petition.

Copy of such Petition served 011 Attorney General, &c.

Cods of Attorney General,

Uc. how paid.

Governor and Deputy Governor and Officers, indemnified in respect of Transfers made to Claimants and Payment of Dividends.

for the time being, and shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if signed by the Party or Parties in whose Name or Names the Stock or Annuities so transferred shall stand at the time of such Transfer; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the said Accountant General and Secretary of the said Governor and Company, shall be and they are hereby indemnified and saved harmless for making and executing all such Transfers under and by virtue of this Act, and shall not be in any manner responsible or accountable to the Person or Persons entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Stock or Annuities which shall be so transferred, or to his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or to any other Person claiming by, from or under him, her, them or any of them, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever having or claiming any Interest whatsoever therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That a Duplicate Register of the Lift so made and kept at the Bank of England, of all such Transfers as aforesaid, shall be kept in the Office of the Commissioners for the Redu&km of the National Debt, in which an Entry shall be made of every such Transfer, immediately after the same shall have been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Dividends upon the Capital Stock or Annuities so transferred shall from the respective times of the Transfer thereof, and all Lottery Prizes or Benefits which shall have remained unclaimed Ten Years and upwards, and all Balances of Sums issued for paying the Principals of Stocks and Annuities which shall not have been demanded for the same Period, be paid to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the time being, and shall be from time to time ravelled by the said Commissioners in the Purchase of other like Capital Stock, to be placed to a separate Account, which shall be called "The Account of Unclaimed Dividends, " and so from time to time as such Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, Principals of Stocks and Annuities become due and can be so inverted; and all such Dividends, and the Capital Stock arising from the Investment thereof as aforesaid, shall be held by the said Commissioners for the Public, subject nevertheless to such Claims as may thereafter be made by the respective Parties entitled thereto, of such Stock, and of the Dividends due thereon.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England for the time being, to authorize and direct the Accountant General or Secretary of the said Governor and Company for the time being, to retransfer any such Capital Stock to any Person or Persons who shall shew, to the Satisfaction of such Governor or Deputy Governor, his, her or their Right or Title thereto, and to pay the Dividends due thereon; and also to pay any such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities as aforesaid, as if the fame had not been transferred or paid to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; but in case the said Governor or Deputy Governor shall not be satisfied of the Justice or Legality of any Claim or Claims which shall be made to any Stock, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock or Annuities, so transferred or paid to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, then and in every such case the Claimant or Claimants shall and may, by Petition in a summary Way, state and verify his, her or their Claim to such Stock, Lottery Prizes or Benefits and Principals of Stock or Annuities, to the High Court of Chancery or to the Court of Exchequer, and a Copy of every such Petition shall be served upon His Majesty's Attorney General for the time being, and also upon the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and the Court to which such Petition shall be presented shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order thereon, either for the Transfer of the Stock or Annuities to which such Petition shall relate or refer, and for Payment of the Dividends which shall have accrued or become due and payable thereon, or for Payment of such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities as aforesaid, or otherwise relating thereto, and to the Costs of such Application, as to such Court respectively shall appear to be just; and all Costs and Expences which shall be incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty's Attorney General or the said Commissioners for the Redudboo of the National Debt, in refilling or appearing upon every such Petition (if not ordered by the Court to whom the Application shall be made to be paid out of the Stock or Annuities and the Dividends thereby claimed) shall be paid by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, out of the Dividends or Annuities to be received by them under or by virtue of this Act, and which shall not be claimed; and in case where any Transfer or Payment shall be made to any such Claimant or Claimants as aforesaid, either with or without the Authority of either of the said Courts, the said Governor and Company shall cause Notice to be given to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at their Office, of every such Transfer or Payment, within Three Days from the time of making the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, and the Accountant General and Secretary of the said Governor and Company, shall be and they are hereby indemnified and saved harmless for and in respect of any Transfer or Transfers which shall be made from the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the time being of any such Stock or Annuities as aforesaid, and also for Payment of the Dividends due thereon, and also For Payment of any such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons claiming such Stock, Annuities and Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities respectively; and that in case any such Stock, Annuities, Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities, or the Accumulations thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively shall, after the Transfer or Payment thereof, be claimed by any other Person or Persons, the said Governor and Company, or the said Governor or Deputy Governor, or the said Accountant General or Secretary respectively for the time being, acting in making such Transfer or Transfers, and in paying the Dividends on the Stock or Annuities thereby transferred, or any such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stocks or Annuities as aforesaid, or the Accumulations thereof respectively, shall not be answerable or responsible for the same to any such new or other Claimant or Claimants, but such aew or other Claimant or Claimants

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 6o, 6i, 62. 889

shall have their Recourse against the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Transfers of the said Stock or Annuities shall have been made, and the Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities and Accumulations thereon respectively paid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any case where such new or other Claimant or A Second Claimants as aforesaid shall have established his, her or their Right and Title to any such Stock Annuities,

Dividends, or Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Balances as aforesaid, as (Hall have been transferred and paid to a unable to First Claimant or Claimants, and shall not be able to obtain the Transfer and Payment thereof from such First obtain Transfer Claimant or Claimants to whom the same shall or may have been erroneously transferred and paid, then and in from First every such case the said Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer shall, and they are hereby respectively Claimant, Court authorized and empowered upon Application by Petition of such new or other Claimant or Claimants, verified ^ancery* as such Court shall direct or require, to order the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to Commissicmer* transfer to such new or other Claimant or Claimants such Sum or Sums in Stock, and to pay him, her or for Reduction of them such Sum or Sums in Money as and for the Dividends, Annuities, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Balances National Debt as aforesaid, as to such Court shall appear to be just; which Transfers shall be made from Stock transferred to transfer such into the Names of the said Commissioners under or by virtue of this Act 5 and the Payment of Dividends, NameM^iM Annuities, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Balances as aforesaid, shall be made from Dividends received by such fuffojent. Commissioners upon such Stock transferred into their Names as aforesaid, or the Accumulations thereof, or from the Sale of Stock purchased with such Dividends or Accumulations, or any other Monies at the Dispofi-tion of the said Commissioners.

CAP. LXL

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[20th June 181&]

[60, 000 Tickets.]

CAP. LXII.

ss G. 3. o 191.

X.

An Act for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary> within the Port of Dublin.

[20th June 1816.

WHEREAS the Erection of an Asylum Harbour, or Place of Refuge for Ships and Vessels to the 4 W Eastward of Dunlcary> within the Port of Dublin, will be of great Advantage as well to the Ships and Vessels trading to the said Port, as to the Ships and Vessels of His Majesty's Navy which may be in the Irish Channel; and will also be of great Utility to the Trade and Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland: And Whereas by virtue of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to authorize the Appointment of Commissioners for erecting an Harbour for Shipt to the Bast*

ward 0/Dqnleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, certain Penons were appointed and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant for the time being to carry the said recited Act into Execution, as in the said Act mentioned; And Whereas it is expedient to provide for the Expence of making, improving and completing the said Harbour, and for the due Application of the fame, and whatever Sums may be granted by Parliament, or advanced by His Majesty's Government for that Purpose, and for the making and executing the Roads, Quays and Works necessary for the Completion and Improvement of the said Harbour, and the other Charges and Expences attendant thereon May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Persons heretofore appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the hereinbefore recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and such other Person or Persons as shall or may, from time to time, be appointed or autho- A.&< rized by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposea of this Act; provided always, that it shall be lawful ior the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to revoke the Appointment of any such Person or Persons to be so appointed, and from time to time to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, not exceeding Fifteen in Number, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall think fit.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, and each of them, shall take Commissioners and subscribe the Oath following, before he or they shall take upon himself or themselves the Execution of any to take and sub-of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than administering the said Oath: scribe

Commissioners for executing

I A.B. do swear that I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially, ac- Form. t cording to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all and every the Powers, Authorities and Duties of a Commissioner, reposed in me under and by virtue of an Act made in the Fifty sixtheYear of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for erecting an Harbour for Ships t to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners, or any Person named in any Appointment of Commissioners, is hereby authorized and required to administer at the first pr any other Meeting, to be held by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of Commissioners this Act for the time beiqg, or any Three of them, from time to time to nominate and appoint such Secretary, may-appoint Clerk and other Officers, and also from time to time to employ such Engineers and Surveyors, and such Contrafts

Labourers and Workmen, and at such Salaries and Wages as the said Commissioners ffialj think proper and ma e 0 sv f6 Geo. III. 5 X expe;

Officers to take and subscribe Oaths.

Form.

Commissioners may contract.

Former Nominations of Officers good.

Commissioners may bring and defend Actions in the Name of their Secretary.

Death Sec. of Secretary no Abatement of Action, &c.

Secretary reimbursed Expences of Action.

Commissioners empowered to execute this Act.

Making Roads,

*c.

C. 6a. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

expedient for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that such Secretary, Clerks and Officers as already have been or shall be hereafter appointed, and each of them, shall take and subscribe the following Oath, before he or they shall take upon nim or themselves the Execution of any of the Duties annexed to their said Office:

J C, D* do swear that I will well and faithfully, without Fraud or Concealment, do, perform and execute

the several Duties attached to the Office of \here name the Office,] to which I have been appointed by the Commissioners for erecting an Asylum Harbour at Dunleary, and that I will not accept or receive, directly or indirectly, any Monies, Fees, Perquisites or Profits, by way of Commission, Premium, Per Centage or otherwise, for or by reason of the said Office or any of the Duties annexed thereunto, or by reason of any«Account, Contract or Payment made or to be made or in any way relating to the said Harbour, or any of the Materials or Works thereof, save such Payment and Compensation only as shall be paid or allowed to me i by the said Commissioners

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any such Secretary, Clerk or other Officer, shall be guilty of any Embezzlement, Concealment, Fraud or other matter, contrary to the true Intent and meaning of the said Oath, and be thereof convicted, he shall for the said Offence suffer the Pains and Penalties as for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree with any fit and proper Person or Persons, Artificers, Workmen and others for the making, doing and repairing of all or any of the Quays, Piers, Walls, Erections, Roads and Works by this Act authorized, or directed to be done and performed, or any Part thereof, or for supplying any of the Materials for the fame, which Contract shall be signed by the Person or Persons con-trafting or agreeing to perform such Works respectively, and also by Three or more of the said Commissioners, or by the Secretary to the said Commissioners, authorized by the said Commissioners or any Three of them for that Purpose, and that all Contrafts which shall have been made or entered into, and all Nominations and Appointments of Engineers, Clerks, Secretary and other Officers, which shall have been made at any Time before the passing of this Act, by or on behalf or under the Authority of the Commissioners nominated and appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year, shall be and the same are hereby declared good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be carried into effect, and have effect in like manner, as Contrafts, Nominations and Appointments made or to be made under the Authority of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, by the Style and Title of Secretary to the Commissioners for Dunleary Harbour, and that all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals and other Proceedings whatsoever, that may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or against the said Commissioners shall be had, taken or prosecuted in the Name of their Secretary, and that no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Inform* ation, Appeal or other Proceedings to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or against the said Commissioners in the Name of their Secretary, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Sufoension or Removal of such Secretary, or by any Act or Default of such Secretary, done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners, but that the Secretary for the Time being shall be always deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Respondent in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, (as the case maybe, ) except in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Secretary for the time being, in which Action or Suit any One of the said Commissioners shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the case may be): Provided always, that every such Secretary, in whose Name any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding shall be had, taken, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall be fully reimbursed, and paid out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act, all such Coils, Charges, Damages and Expences as by the Events, or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, he or they shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly entitled to, by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, Respondent or Respondents as aforesaid, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced, or be defended without the Order of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed in the making, improving and completing the said Harbour, and in the making and completing a Road and Quay along the Beach and Shore Westward of the said Harbour, and also to make such other permanent and temporary Roads to the said Harbour as they shall think fit and necessary for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Harbour, or for the Conveyance of Materials thereto, or to any of the said Works connected therewith as aforesaid, and also to make and maintain Reservoirs for supplying with Water all Shipping and Vessels as may resort to the said Harbour; and that for the Purposes of this Act, all Quays, Piers, Buildings, Erections and Works whatsoever, heretofore made, erected or built in the whole or in Part at any time before the passing of this Act, and all Ground, Strand, Land, Rocks, Stones and Materials applied to such Purposes at, in or near Dunleary aforesaid, by the Public or out of the Public Money, or under the Authority of any Parliamentary Grant, or any Act heretofore made, and all Roads, Piers, Quays, Erections and Buildings whatsoever, which shall or may be made, erected or built at any time after the pailing1 of this Act, and all Ground applied to such Purposes under the Authority of this Act, or of the Commissioners hereby appointed; and also all such Land and Ground, Rock or Soil, Stones and Sand within the said Harbour,

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 62.

hour, as is or are overflowed by the Tide of the Sea, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Com-lmffioners for the Purposes of this Act, until the said Harbour and all such Works as aforesaid shall be fully completed by and under the said Commissioners, and from and after the time when the said Commissioners shall deem the Erection, Completion and Improvement of the said Harbour, and all such other Works as aforesaid completed, testified by their Representation to that Effect to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, all the said Harbour so erected, completed and improved, and all Roads, &c. Roads, Piers, Quays, Works, and other Erections and Buildings so heretofore made, or which hereafter Audi veftc? , n be made, erected or built under the Authority of this Act, or of the Commissioners appointed under this Act, of-

and the Ground and Soil on .which the same are or shall be erected and built, shall be and the same are hereby Dublin, declared to be from thenceforth veiled, and shall be and remain from thenceforth vested in the Corporation for the preserving and improving the Port of Dublin; and all the Powers by this Act or any other Act given to or vested in the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall be from thenceforth veiled in and executed by the said Corporation, and the said Corporation shall from thenceforth out of the Funds vested in the said Corporation for the Purpose of preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, maintain, support and keep up the said Harbour, and all the Roads, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings belonging thereunto, and so becoming vested in them under the Authority of this Act, in like manner as they do the other Works of the said Corporation within the Port and Harbour of Dublin.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Agents, Workmen and Ser- Lands may be vants of the said Commissioners, from time to time to enter upon all Lands or Grounds of any Persons, Bodiesntered to make Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in, upon or through which any of the Roads, Piers, Quays, Works, Erections ou^Ldfor or Buildings authorized to be made under this Act are intended to be made, in order to survey and take Levels Works, making of the fame, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall think necessary and Satisfaction for proper for the Purposes of this Act, such Agents or Servants making Satisfaction for such Damage as they Damage.

shall do thereby to the Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the time being, in case the fame mall exceed One Shilling Sterling.

VIII. And for the making, improving and completing the said Harbour, and making, uling and maintaining all such Roads, Ways, Piers, Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Works, Erections and Buildings as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary for that Purpose, and for the Execution of this Act according to the Tenor and

Intent of the fame, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and their Powers to Com-

Agents, Servants and Workmen, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in, upon and through any missioners to en-

Lands or Premises, being the Property of or belonging to The King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of tef

any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and situate within Three Miles of the for

said Harbour, (not being within Three hundred Yards of any capital Mansion House, nor within any Planta- Works.

tion, Avenue, Pleasure Ground, or Garden attached to any capital Mansion House, planted, made or formed

before the passing of this Act, or in any Deer Park inclosed with a Wall, prior to the passing of this Act, and

actually occupied at the time with Deer, ) to enter and to quarry, dig, remove, take and carry away all such

Stone, Limellone, Gravel, Sand or any other Materials, ((landing Timber only excepted, ) in, out of, upon and from such Lands and Grounds, as may be necessary ana convenient to be employed for the Purpose of this Act, and also to place, lay, work or manufacture all such Stone, Limestone, Gravel, Sand or other Materials,

which shall be so dug or got as aforesaid, on the Grounds near to the Place or Places where the same shall be so

dug or got, or where the Stone shall be used or employed for the Purposes of this Act, and also to make, Tomake Roada

maintain and use such good and sufficient Roads and Ways as the said Commissioners shall thing necessary or for conveying

convenient for conveying all such $tones, Limestones, Gravel, Sand or other Materials, so cut, dug, quarried Materials.

or obtained, taken away or removed for the Purposes of this Act, from the Place and Places where the fame shall be respectively so cut and dug, and quarried and obtained, to the Places where the same shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act, they the said Commissioners making Satisfaction to the Owners Satisfaction to

and Proprietors of all such Lands and Premises, for all Damages by them done or to be done in the Owners for

Execution of this Act. Damage.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and their Commissioners

Agents, Servants and Workmen, and they are hereby authorized and empowered in and upon any Land or may make Premises by this Act vested in the said Commissioners, or that they may enter on, take or purchase by virtue R°a(te> Quay* of this Act, to make, erect, complete and maintain all and every and other such Roads, Ways, Fences, Piers, °"r-

Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Works, Erections and Buildings whatsoever, as and where the said Commissioners chafed^hyphens! shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of this Act 5 and also to make, erect, complete and

maintain such Waterworks, Reservoirs and other Engines and Works as the said Commissioners shall deem

necessary and expedient for supplying all such Ships and Vessels, which may resort to the said Harbour, with

Water; and for that Purpose to convey and use any Stream or Streams of Water now running or flowing into

the Sea at or near the Harbour or Town of Dunleary, or within Three Miles thereof as aforesaid; and also

to make and do all other matters and things which they the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit, necessary and convenient for making, effecting, extending, improving, preserving, completing and uling

the said Harbour, and all Roads, Ways, Piers, Docks, Quays, Works, Waterworks, Erections and Buildings

relating thereto, in pursuance and within the true Meaning of this Act, they the said Commissioners

making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed for all Damages and Injuries done to any Lands and Making Sati*»

Premises which shall be damaged or prejudiced by the taking of any Materials or by the making of any L 61 ion to Own-

Roads or temporary Roads for the Conveyance of such Materials for the Purposes of this Act, and also ei 6 t0T DamaSe*

making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed for the Purchase of any Lands and Premises required to

be employed, taken or used in making, completing or maintaining any permanent or temporary Roads, or in

5X2 the

892 C. 6a.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181&

Commissionen to trtat and agree with Inheritors of Ground required for Purposes of

▲a.

Discharges for Compensation.

Expence of Conveyance how defrayed.

Form of Conveyance.

In Default of Agreement Jury summoned to value fame.

Sheriff to im-pannel a Jury.

[Penalty.]

39 G. 2. (I.)

the making, erecting, completing or maintaining of any Piers, Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Waterworks Engines, Works, Erections and Buildings whatsoever for the Purposes of this Act; and this Act shall be fumcient to indemnify the said Commissioners and their Servants, Agents and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for whatever they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the time being, to treat and agree with all and every or any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or may be the Inheritor or Inheritors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Premises required for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase of such Land or Premises, or relative to and concerning any Compensation or Satisfaction which any such Person or Persons may claim or demand for any Demage or Damages which he, she or they may suffer or sustain by reason of the Execution of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Tenants in Tail, Trustees and Feoffees m Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for or on behalf of their several Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, I flue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, married Women, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all married Women who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in any Lands used or required for the Purposes of this Act, whether entitled in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or otherwise, to contract and agree for, and to sell and convey unto the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall nominate and appoint for the Purposes of this Act, all or anj Part of any Lands or Premises which shall from time to time be used or required for the Purposes of this Act, and also to claim and demand, 'and to contract and agree with the said Commissioners for any Compensation or Satisfaction, for any Damage or Damages which such Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, or his or their Lands or Premises may respectively suffer by reason of the Execution of this Act; and in case such Treaty or Treaties shall end m an Agreement or Agreements, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to take and accept of a Conveyance or Conveyances of such Lands or Premises as they shall purchase from such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any of them; and to take and accept of a Release or Releases, Discharge or Discharges, for such Satisfaction or Compensation as aforesaid, which Conveyance' pr Conveyances, Release or Releases, Discharge or Discharges, shall be binding and conclusive to and upon the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, executing the fame, and all Persons claiming under them, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate; and all Persons whomsoever so contrafting and agreeing are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall respectively do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of all such Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances, shall be defrayed out of the Money granted for the Purposes of this Act; and such of them as shall be made for the conveying of any Lands or Premises to the Commissioners shall be made according to the following Form, or some other Form to the like Effect; (that is to say)

T A* B. of in Consideration of the Sum of to me paid by

A the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ereQing an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunkary, t within the Port of Dublin, do hereby grant, convey and dispose to the said Commissioners all [ describing the t Lands or Premises to be conveyed,] and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of me the said A.B. to e and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold the fame unto the said Commissioners and their Successors

for ever, by virtue of and according to the true Intent and Meaning, and for the Purposes of the said Act

e of Parliament. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand this , Day of

e in the Year of our Lord

And that such Conveyance in the Form aforesaid, or any other Form to the fame Effect, shall be good and effectual in Law and Equity to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to convey and vest in the said Commissioners all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the Person and Persons so conveying, and shall be good and effectual against shem, their Heirs and Successors (as the case may be).

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners by reason of Nonage, Coverture, Intail, Insanity or other legal Impediment in the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Premises, used or required for the Purposes of this Act, or from any other Cause or Reason cannot or shall not agree with the Owners and Occupiers of such Land or Premises as aforesaid, relative to the Purchase of any such Land or Premises, or relative to any Satisfaction or Compensation for Damages to such Land or Premises, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for said Commissioners, or any Three of them, (not being interested in the Question to be determined by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money, claimed to be paid for such Land and Premises, or Damages respectively, or any Part thereof, ) from time to time, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriffs of the County of Dublin, thereby commanding such Sheriff to impannel and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Thirty fix, nor more than Sixty; and such Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to impannel and return such Jury and Juries from time to time accordingly, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Default in so doing, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, by such Commissioners or their Secretary, or in default by them, then by any Person who shall sue for fame in any Court of Record; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person to be named by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them as aforesaid, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Four Courts in Dublin, by an Act made in Ireland in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty

16 Ring

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 62. 893

King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn, which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them as aforesaid, at such time and Place, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners until discharged by the said Commissioners $ and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners Commissioners, or any Three of them, (not being interested as aforesaid, ) are hereby authorized and empowered m*y fallaod by Precept or Precepts, Summons or Summonses, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to call before them and the said Jury all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and ne- c

cessary to be examined as Witnesses before them and the said Jury, on their Oath or Oaths, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, if they shall think fit, shall and may authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, in such manner as they shall direct, and shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from day to day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Commissioners Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any One them, not being interested as aforesaid, are and is hereby em- empowered to powered and required to administer, ) shall esquire of the Value of such Ground and Premises as shall require adm, n, fter Oaths, to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and of the respective Eft ate, Right, Title, Term and Interest of every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic and Corporate, seized or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof $ and also what Compensation or Satisfaction, if any, shall be awarded and paid to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for any Damage or Damages, which he or they or any of them may consequently or other wise suffer or sustain, or have suffered or sustained, by any Ad, matter or thing done in the Execution of this Act; and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons, for the Purchase of such his, her or their respective Estates, Rights, Titles, Terms and Interests as aforesaid, or for any such Damage or Damages as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, (not being interested as aforesaid, ) shall and may give Judgment by Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded, which said Verdict or Verdicts, Commissioners and the said Judgment and Determination thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, interested at least Fourteen Days before the time of the First pjrft

Meeting of the said Jury, declaring the time and Place of the Meeting, by leaving such Notice at the Dwell- Meeting of ing House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, if then resident Jury, within Ireland, and if not, then with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of such Persons as shall be then absent from Ireland, or if a Body Politic or Corporate, then with the ostensible or waiting Officer of such Body Politic or Corporate, ) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, Judgmentbind-against all and every Person or Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, in8«

Title, Trust, Use or Interest, in, to or out of any such Land or Premises, either in Possession, Reversion,

Remainder or Expedancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Coverts, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disability, and all other Cestuique Trusts, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever 5 and the said Verdicts,

Judgments and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the said Commissioners, who shall pronounce such Judgment.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when the Value of any Land or Premises, or the Recompence for Jul7 va, ue any Damage done or to be done in any Land or Premises, shall be submitted to a Jury, such Land or Pre-

mises, and the Damage done thereto, shall be valued by such Jury with respect to the actual State, Situation , ls a ua

and Value of such Lands and Premises, in like manner as if the said recited A d of the Fifty fifth Year or this Act had not been made, and not according to the additional Value which such Land vor Premises shall

or may acquire, or be supposed to acquire, by the making, improving and completing of the said Harbour,

or by any future Improvements to be made or which might tie made in such Land or Premises in consequence of such Harbour, or the Expenditure which shall be laid out for the Purposes of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where a Verdict or Assessment shall be given Expences of

or made for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Premises, or for any Satisfaction llow

done or to be done to the fame than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners,

all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and of taking such Inquest, shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Fund provided by this Act; but if any Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for 00 more or for a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such case the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be borne and paid by the Party to whom such Offer was previously made by such Commissioners: Provided always, that when by reason of Absence, or any Incapacity as aforesaid, any Person or Persons shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, all the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners out of the said Funds.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Persons making Complaints, and requesting such Jury Persons request-for the ascertaining the Value of any Lands or Premises, or the Amount of any Recompence or Satisfaction in*aury to for any Damage done or to be done to the fame, shall, before the said Sheriff shall be obliged to summon g £tor^e_ such Jury, first enter into a Bond, with Two Sureties, to the Secretary or Clerk of the said Commissioners cute. P

for the time being, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds Sterling, to prosecute his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdict shall be given for no more or a less Sum than had been offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners,

before

Expence of summoning Jury how ptid.

Upon Payment of Sums to swarded, Conveyances shall be made of said Ground to Commissioners.

t Sit.

Such Verdins entered in the Rolls Office of Court of Chancery, and Copies thereof deemed Evidence in ad Courts, and on Payment to Owners or into Chancery.

Premises thenceforth veiled in Commissionert.

Conveyances as aforesaid of Estate, &c. effectual.

Application of Compensation Money when exceeding aool,

C. 6l. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

before summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as the Value, or as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Premises, or for any Damage as aforesaid: Provided always, that if the Person so requeuing such Jury shall refuse to enter into such Bond as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners under this Act to require such Jury to be summoned, and the same shall be summoned accordingly by the Sheriff, and the Expence of summoning such Jury, and of taking the Inquest by them, shall be be defrayed in manner and under the Regulations hereinbefore provided, mentioned and contained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged to the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall be awarded, for the Purchase of any such Ground or Premises as aforesaid, or for the Purchase of any Estate, Right, Title, Term or Interest therein, such Person or Persons shall make, execute or procure to be made and executed. Conveyances to the said Commissioners of such Ground and Premises as aforesaid, or of such Estate, Right, Title, Term or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, in the Form hereinbefore set forth, or some other Form to the fame Effect, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Arguments and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, matters and things necessary and requisite to make a good, clear and perfect Title to the said Commissioners; and such Penon or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Damages as aforesaid, shall give and perfect to the said Commissioners a full and sufficient Release, Acquittance and Discharge from all Claims and Demands for or on Account of all Damages for which f Sum (half be awarded as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, as relate to or concern the Premises aforesaid, shall be entered in the Rolls Office of the said Court of Chancery, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever, and immediately on the Entry of such Verdi&a, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries as aforesaid, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of money agreed on or adjudged or awarded, either for the Purchase of any Land or Premises, or as a Satisfaction or Compensation for any Damages to the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Ground or Premises, or to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive such Money, or on Payment of which Money, respecting which any Difficulties, Disputes or Differences shall arif?, into the Bank of Ireland, in manner and for the Purposes herein mentioned, all the Estate, Right, Title, Term, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whom or to whose Use such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, into and out of all Ground and Premises which shall be so purchased, shall pass to and be vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this A &, and the said Commissioners shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession of such, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Person or Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom any such Satisfaction and Compensation as aforesaid shall be awarded, shall from thenceforth be for ever barred from claiming any further or other Satisfaction or Compensation whatsoever, for any Damage which they or any of them shall sustain by the mean9 aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance to the said Commissioners of any such Estate and Interest of any Feme Covert, in or to any such Ground or Premises as aforesaid, by Conveyance in the Form hereinbefore directed and prescribed, and enrolled within Six Calendar Months in any of His Majesty's Four Courts in Dublin, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Femes Coverts in the Premises as any Fine or Fiues, Recovery or Recoveries, should or could do if levied or suffered in due Form of Law 5 and further, that all Conveyances to be made in the Form hereinbefore directed and prescribed, or any other Form to the fame Effect, and enrolled as hereinbefore mentioned, of any Ground or Premises which shall be purchased by the said Commissioners by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors* or any Person seized of any Estate in the Premises in Trust, for or to the Use of such Bargainor or Bargainors in any legal manner and Form whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised or possessed of only a particular or determinable Estate or Intenest therein, such Money shall, in case the fame amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect, and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be vested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of some of the Government Securities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and in the meantime, and


A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 6a. 895

until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Government Securities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid Application

for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any when Compen-Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Incapacity or Disability as aforesaid, shall be less than the &tion is less than Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such case the fame 'aol/*"

shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the

Lands and Hereditaments taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the said Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Commissioners for executing tins Ad, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in manner hereinbefore dire died, so far as the fame may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid Application

as last before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied where Money is

'to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of lcCl tlwn

the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as

the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his,

her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money In case of not

shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satil- making out faction of the Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or shall retufe to execute such Conveyance or Con- Tit, e* weyances, or such Release, Acquittance or Discharge as is required by this Act; or in case such Person or or Persons Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found; p^afe* fOU°*or in case it shall not satisfactorily appear to the said Commissioners what Shares and Proportions of any Pur- Money paid into .chafe Money or Recompence for Damages ought to be paid or allowed to any Tenant or other Person having a Bank, subject to ^particular Estate, Term or Interest in any Premises; or if the Person or Persons entitled to any Lands, Tene- Order of Court meats or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for of Chancery on the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded 01 Pe"

to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tene* anents or Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Control and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to any such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and insetted in Government Securities, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Interest thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estateg, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caffiiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title Where any of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Question (hatt Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, ^de^o Mone Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Government Securi- to be paid, the^ ties to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interests of any such Government Securities, Person who shall the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be in Poireflion at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken of th Lan(is at to be lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments according to such Possession,

until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Inte- bedeeroeden-rest of the Government Securities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Government titled thereto ac-Securities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court cording to such that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully Possession. entitled to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of The Court of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased Chancery may under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money of the same shall be required to be paid into the Court Exp of*of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to Purchase* to be

the

896 C. 62.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

paid by Commissioners.

Damaging the Works or ob-ftruding the Execution of Aa.

V el any.

Stealing Ropes, Materials, Tools, See.

the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully obstruct, moled or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Workman or Labourer employed by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the Performance of his, her or their Duty or Employment, in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Person shall wilfully, and to the Prejudice of the said Harbour, break, throw down, destroy or in any wise damage or injure any Pier, Dock, Quay, Reservoir, E rest ion, Machine, Building, Road, Rail Way or other Work whatever heretofore erected or made, or hereafter to be erected or made, by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, or shall obstruct, hinder or divert the Course of any Stream of Water which at any time before the passing of this Act ran or flowed into the Sea at the said Harbour, other than as shall be done by or under the Directions of the said Commissioners, or shall do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting, improving and maintaining of the said Harbour, or of any Water or other Works erected under this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like manner as Felons are dire6fced to be punished by the Law of Ireland, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such lesser Punishment as to such Court shall seem proper.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall deal, or fraudulently or unlawfully take from on Board any Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Vessel lying within the prefect Harbour of Dunleary, or within the said intended Asylum Harbour, or from or upon the Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways leading to or belonging to the said Harbours, or either or any of them, any Rope, Cable, Anchor, Oar, Spar or any Tackling, Necessary or Material belonging to any such Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Vessel, or any of the Furniture, Cargo or Property belonging to or on Board such Ships or Vessels, or any Goods or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, which may be lying at, upon or along such Piers, Quays, Roadi or Ways, or any of them, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, or shall (teal or unlawfully take as aforesaid any of the Tools, Implements, Materials or other Goods, Chattels or Property used or intended to be used in the said Asylum Harbour or the Works connected therewith, or belonging thereto, or to the said Commissioners, or to any other Person for the Use of the said Works, that then and in such case the Person or Persons so offending shall, upon Conviction before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Dublin, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party, or upon Conviction before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, in manner aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Forty Shillings, in the Discretion of such Justice or Commissioners; and in default of Payment thereof, immediately upon said Conviction, then it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, or Common Jail of the County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time or term not exceeding Six Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid upon or in respect of Ships, Vessels or other Bottoms coming into the Port or Harbour of Dublin, and upon and in respect of the several Persons, matters and things mentioned, specified and set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the several Duties and Sums of Money mentioned, specified and set forth in the Words and Figures of the said Schedule, in Addition to all other Duties of Customs payable on or in respect of such Ships or Vessels, or such Persons, matters or things respectively, under any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-ffrued to extend to any Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or that shall or may be employed in His Majesty's Service, or in the Service of the Pod Office, Excise or Customs.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed granted on Ships or Vessels in respect of the Tonnage thereof, or by Way of Slippage or City Dues, or Anchorage, and upon Entries, Invoices, Outvoices, Bills of View, Bills of Health, Bonds, Certificates, Affidavits of Registry, Licences to navigate. Debenture and Drawback Papers, and Permits, shall be levied,

Dublin Pori, and collected and received, over and above every other Duty now payable thereon, by the Collector or other chief

paid into Trea- officer of Customs in the Port of Dublin, and that the said Collector and Comptrollers, Receiver of Entries, Surveyors or Searchers, Waiters and all other Officers of the Customs whatever for the time being, or their respective Deputies or Clerks at the said Port or Harbour of Dublin, shall not after the Commencement of the Duties by this Act granted, take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outward for any Ship or Vessel liable or subject to the said Duties, until all the said Duties shall be paid pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to the Collector of the Customs in the said Port of Dublin, nor until the Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, subject to the Payment of any of the said Duties, shall shew and produce a Receipt for all such Duties accordingly to the Officer required to take any such Entiy, Cocket, Discharge, Clearance or Report outwards as aforesaid; and that the said Collector pr other chief Officer of the Customs in the Port of Dublin, shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the Amount of all the said Duties to be received by him under this Act, under the Head of " Duties applicable to Dunleary

11 Harbour

Penalty. Default of Payment.

Imprisonment.

Duties granted according to Schedule annexed.

Exemption of His Majesty's Ships.

Duties of Tonnage on Ships and on Entries, &c. received by Collector of

lury for the Purposes of Ad.

Collect or to keep separate Account of Duties.

A.D. 1816.

6° GEORGII III.

C. 62. 897

xi Harbour and that the said Duties shall once in every Week be accounted for by the said Collector or other Chief Officer, and shall by him be paid from time to time, in like manner as other Duties of Custora,

<0 the Receiver G-meral of His Majesty's Revenue, to be by him paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, in manner and according to the Regulations herein after men*.tuned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That for carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, and Powers of the the Erection and Completion of the said Asylum Harbour, and for the Protection of the said Works until Commissioners. they shall be completed and finished, and also of all Materials to be used therein, and for the Punishment of all

Persons guilty of any Trespass or Injury to the said Works and Materials, the several Persons heretofore appointed, or who hereafter may be appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in manner here* inbefore mentioned, shall for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution have all such Powers and Authorities as are given to or vested in the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, Powers of under and by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of His present a6 G-3* (L) Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious } and of another Act made in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 3* G- 3*(L)

[Proviso.]

An Act for repairing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Liffey in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious and that all such Powers, Authorities and Regulations, contained in the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and as shall be applicable, requisite and necessary for the carrying this Act into Applied to It Execution, shall extend and be construed to extend, and shall be applied and made use of in the Execution of cution of Act. this Act, by the Commissioners for executing this Act for the time being, in as full add ample a manner as the said Corporation are enabled to act and do by the said recited Acts or either of them, as if the said Powers, Authorities and Regulations were repeated and reenacted in this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as far as the same are or can be made applicable to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be subject to all such Rules, Orders,

Regulations and Directions as shall from time to time be given to the said Commissioners by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, for and relating to the Execution of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for executing this Act shall from time to time Lord Lieutenant submit all Plans, Surveys and Estimates which they shall think proper to be commenced or carried on for or order Ad' towards the Erection or Completion of the said Asylum Habour, and the other Works connected therewith

as aforesaid, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, approved of by for the Approbation of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and him and the whenever any such Plans, Surveys and Estimates shall be so approved of, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasury.

Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to order the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to advance and pay to the Commissioners for executing this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, from time to time, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds Net, to be repaid with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act on Ships and Vessels entering the said Harbour.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Lord Lieutenant Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to make such further Advance or Advances from may advance time to time, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Completion of the said Harbour, as f the ^her Sums Amount of the Rates and Duties hereby imposed for the Support thereof will be sufficient to defray the Interest thereof at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and a Sinking Fund of One Pound per^sic7 Centum per Annum, upon the whole Amount of such Sum or Sums as shall be so advanced.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That a separate and distinct Account of all Money which shall be paid The Sums to be

into the said Exchequer, on account of the said Duties, shall be kept in the said Exchequer, and so much of advanced u,u*

the said Money as shall be sufficient to answer and pay all Interest and Sinking Fund due at the Rate aforesaid, upon all Sums which shall be so from time to time advanced, shall on the Fifth Day of January in every Annual Interest,

Year be carried to and made part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and every such Sum and Sums of to the Payment

-' - - f which and the

uiJation of

Money, arising from the said Duties, as shall exceed the Amount of such Interest and Sinking Fund, shall in of which like manner be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Discharge, Re-payment and Satisfaction of, the principal Sum or Sums so to be advanced, until the whole Amount of such DmieTftiaU principal Sum and Sums shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund, in Discharge, Re- be applied aa- > payment and full Satisfaction of all such Principal Sums to be so advanced and in Payment of the Interest and nually. Sinking Fund thereof in the Meantime, and that when the whole of all such Principal Sums and Interest as aforesaid shall be so discharged, repaid and satisfied in manner aforesaid, all the said Duties shall cease and determine, and to be no longer levyable or payable under Authority of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty and Forfeiture imposed or to be imposed by Recovery of virtue of this Act, the Levying and Recovery whereof is not particularly hereinbefore directed, shall and may Fines, be recovered on the Conviction of the Offender, by the Oath of One credible Witness, or on his own Con-fession before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, or before any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be, and every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall and may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Distress.

56 Geo. III..5 Y Goods

898 C. 62. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

How applied.

Distress.

Want of Distress.

imprisonment.

Form of Con-viflion.

Goods and Effects of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Coift-missioners or Justice of the Peace, and such Commissioners and Justice are and is hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and determine all Complaints, touching any such Offence or Offences, and every Fine, Forfeiture and Penalty (the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly directed) shall be paid into the Hands of the Secretary to the Commissioners, and shall be applied and disposed of to the Purposes of this Act, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deduding such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Effects so distrained; and for want of sufficient Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Justice by Warrant under their or his Hand, to commit such Offender to the Comtaon Jail or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Double Cost*.

Commissioners empowered to rtimburse.

Public A6h

1 BE it remembered, That on this Day of in the

to wit. 3 Year of the Reign of A\ B. is convicted before me [or us] the

Mayor, [Magistrate, or Justice or Justices of the Peace,] for the of having [herefate

the Offence,] contrary to an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the«Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this and I [or we] the said do adjudge him,

[her, or them] to [herefate the Punishment]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hand& and Seals]

the Day and Year above written.*

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons convicted before the said Commissioners of any Offence or Offences against this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions to be ho!der> for the said County of the City of Dublin^ on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, for being personsally present at such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to maxe such Determination therein, and either to confirm or quash or annul the said Conviction, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties or otherwise, as they the said Justices shall judge proper; and all such Determinations shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty one Days' Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action shall be brought in feme One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at DulUth and shall be laid in the County of Dublin and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought without Twenty one Days' Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict should pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fafrie as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other cases of Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, out of the Funds appropriated for the Purposes of this Act, to reimburse and repay all and every Person or Persons who have heretofore been concerned in forwarding and carrying on the said Plan of an Asylum Harbour, for all such Loss of time, Trouble and Expence, as they may have from time to time been at, in furtherance of such Object, and the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and to take Credit for the fame in the Accounts accordingly.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

0.62, 63. 899

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

For every Foreign Ship or Vessel, or those belonging to Foreigners, which shall enter the Port or Harbour of Dublin, a Duty on the Burthen of the said Ship or Vessel, per Ton, of -

For every Ship or Vessel, or Ships and Vessel8 belonging to Subjects of His Majesty, which shall enter the said Port or Harbour, save those freighted with Coals, and carrying Coastways, a Duty on such Burthen, per Ton, of -

For every Ship or Vessel freighted with Coals, and for every Vessel coming Coastways from any Port in Ireland, which shall respectively enter the said Port or Harbour, a Duty on such Burthen, per Ton, of For all Entries of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, which shall be made or entered at any Custom House within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, whether such Entry be Inwards or Outwards, for every such Entry, a Duty of For each and every Invoice, Outvoice, Coast Cocket, Cross-Channel Cocket, General Receipt, Tobacco or any other Receipt, and Luggage Permit, which may be had, got, passed or procured at any such Custom House, a Duty of For each and every Coast Permit and Cross-Channel Permit, a Duty of For each and every Bond, whether Inwards or Outwards, save Matters* and Mates* Bond, a Duty of- -

For each and every Bond called a Matter's and Mate's Bond, a Duty of - For Matter and Mate's Certificate, and for Certificates of Registry, on each a Duty of - For each and every Ship which shall enter the said Port and Harbour of Dublin, for Anchorage, Slippage and City Dues, a Sum or Duty of -

For each and every Bill of View, Store Note, and for the Papers called Debenture Papers and Drawback Papers, and for every Affidavit of Registry and Bill of Health, a Duty of-- -

For every Licence to navigate, a Duty of -

For every Transire Certificate, a Duty of - - /.

British Currency.

A / d % 0 0 6

004

0 0 2 OlO

O

O

0 2 0 076 O76

076

0 2 6 O IO O

o 10 o

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to regulate the General Penitentiary for Conrifts, at MUlbani, in the County of Middlesex.

[22d June

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for 5a G. 3. c. 44. r the Erection of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Offenders oonvifted within the City of London and County of Middlesex % and which Act, by the Provisions thereof, was extended also to Offenders convicted in other Parts of England and WdUe % a Penitentiary has been erected at Millbanky in the County of Middlesex, for the Confinement and Employment of Male and Female Convicts; and the fame is now completed for the Reception of a Part of the Number intended to be confined therein: And Whereas under and by virtue of the Powers contained in the said Act, His Majesty in Council has been pleased to appoint a Com- J 4 mittee to superintend the said Penitentiary: And Whereas the Number of Convicts who may be confined in the said Penitentiary may conveniently be increased, without any Enlargement of the Building 5 and it is therefore expedient that Provision should be made for that Purpose: And Whereas it is also expedient that other and farther Provisions should be made, for the due Regulation of the said Penitentiary, and of the Convicts to be confined therein 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefen t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions in the said Act contained, so far as they relate to the Certain Provi-Number of Convicts who may be confined in the said Penitentiary, and to the Confinement, Employment and Sons of recited Management of the Convicts in the said Penitentiary, and the Establishment and Duties of Officers belonging to the fame, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Supervisors appointed under the said recited Supervisors may Aft, and they are hereby empowered, to make Accommodation in the said Penitentiary for the Confinement make Accom-^and Employment of Four Hundred Male and a like Number of Female Convicts, making in the whole Eight

Hundred Convicts, any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Number of Con-OQ vifts, not exceeding Four Hundred Male and Four Hundred Female Convicts, may, with the Approbation of Convtfis, who His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, be imprisoned at one maybe confined and the same time in the said Prison or Penitentiary, and confined, employed and managed therein, under the, n the said I'eni" Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Committee which has been nominated and appointed by His ComnJ-lttce ta Majesty in His Privy Council to superintend the said Penitentiary, shall remain and continue the Committee retain yntil*«T for that Purpose until a new Nomination or Appointment shall take place; and that it shall be lawful for His other i$ ap-

j Majesty pointed*

[Proviso.]

Committee to make Bye Laws, Rules, &c.

and add to br alter them,

submitted to K.B.

Appointment of Visitora.

Appointment of Officers, &c.

Matron for Female Convids.

Salaries.

Committee may vary Number of Officers

Exception.

Committee may require Security from Officer, kc. and in case of Officer, See. refuting to quit Possession, a Justice for County of Middlesex may by Warrant di-red Sheriff to remove him.

Governor to be a Body Corpo. rate.

Governor empowered to contract for Clothing, Ditt, See. necessary for Convids, with Approbation of Committee. Committee to direct how

C. 63. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Majesty in His Privy Council from time to time to remove all or any of the Persons composing the said Committee, and to appoint others in their Stead, or in the Stead of any such as shall die or resign: Provided always, that such Committee shall not at any time consist of less than Ten nor more than Twenty Persons in Number at the same time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Committee, or any Three of them, to hold Meetings, and to make Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the assembling of the said Committee, and for all matters relating to the Meetings of the fame, as well as for the Government of the said Penitentiary, and for receiving, separating, classing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reforming, managing, treating and watching the Convids during their respective Confinement therein, as to the said Committee shall seem just and proper; provided howfcver that such Bye Laws, Rules and Orders, shall not have force until they shall have been submitted to the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and until such Justices shall have subscribed a Declaration, that they do not fee any thing contrary to Law in the said Bye Laws, Rules and Orders, so to be made as aforesaid; and' all such Bye Laws, Rules and Orders, shall be afterwards added to or altered, from time to time, as often as the said Committee shall think necessary; and such Additions and Alterations, so far as the same relate to the employing, reforming, managing, treating and watching the Convicts in the said Penitentiary, shall also in like manner be submitted to the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and confirmed in manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Committee, or any Three of them, at any of their said Meetings, to appoint any One or more of their said Members to visit the said Penitentiary, during the Intervals between the Meetings of the said Committee, and to delegate, if they shall think fit. Power to such Visitors, or any of them, to make any Order or give any Directions in cases of pressing Emergency within the said Penitentiary, which might be made or given by the said Committee if they were fitting y provided that every such Order or Direction, together with the Circumstances by which the fame was occasioned, shall be reported to the said Committee at their next Meeting.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the Regulation and Management of such Penitentiary, and previously to the Opening thereof for the Reception of Convicts, there shall be elected and appointed by the said Committee, a Governor, a Chaplain, a Secretary and Examiner of Accounts, a Surgeon or Apothecary, a Matter Manufacturer, a Steward, and also for that Portion of the Penitentiary set apart for Female Convids, a Matron, together with such Taskmasters and other Officers and Servants, as the said Committee, with the Approbation of the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, shall judge necessary; and every Person elected and appointed by the said Committee to any of such Offices, shall from time to time be removable by any Order of the said Committee, specially summoned for that Purpose, and when any Vacancies shall happen in any of the said Offices other Persons shall be elected and appointed thereto by the fame Authority; and such Salaries and other Allowances shall be annexed to the said Offices, as the said-Committee, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall direct.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee from time to time, with such Approbation as aforesaid, to increase, diminish, discontinue or vary the Number of Officers and Servants'* to be appointed for the said Penitentiary in pursuance of the Directions aforesaid; except by taking away or discontinuing any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaplain and Surgeon or Apothecary, to the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee, if they shall deem it* necessary, to require any Officers or Persons employed in the said Penitentiary to give such Security to the Governor of the said Penitentiary, for the due Performance of their respective Duties, in such Sums, and with such Sureties, and in such Form or Forms as they shall direct; and if any Person appointed to any Office or Duty in the said Penitentiary, who shall be removed by the said Committee from such his Office or Employment, shall refuse or neglect to quit the said Penitentiary, or to give up the Possession of any House, Building, Premises or Apartment therein or belonging thereto, within such Period as shall be fixed by the Committee in any Order or Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, not being less than Forty eight Hours after the Delivery to such Person of any such Order or Notice, then and in such case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace acting for the County of Middlesex, on Application, from any Three or more of the said Committee by any Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to direct the Sheriff of the County to remove such Officer or Person out of the said Penitentiary, and the said Sheriff shall thereupon clear the Possession thereof, so far as relates to any Part of the Penitentiary, or any House, Building, Premises or Apartment therein or belonging thereto, occupied by or in Possession of such Officer, in like manner as upon a Writ of Hdbcrt facias pojjejponem,

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of such Penitentiary shall- be a Body Corporate, and shall sue and be sued by the Name of "The Governor of the General Penitentiary at Millbank, in the County of Middlesex"

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor shall have Power to make Contradts with any Persons whomsoever, for the Clothing, Diet and all other Necessaries for the Maintenance and Support of the Convicts confined in such Penitentiary, and for Implements or Materials of any Kind or Manutk&ure, or Trade, in which Convicts confined in such Penitentiary shall be employed, such Contracts being previously approved by the Committee; and also to carry on such Manufacture or Trade in such Penitentiary, and to fell such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall be there wrought and manufactured.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Books and Accounts shall be kept by the Governor or other Officers in such manner as the said Committee may direct from time to time 5 and the several Entries therein shall be examined by the said Committee, or by such of their Members as may be appointed a Sub Committee

11 few

C.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 63.

901

for that Purpose, and shall be by them compared with the several Receipts and other Vouchers relating thereto, and shall be verified by such Governor and Officers upon Oath, if required, before such Committee, and shall, when approved by such Committee, be allowed and signed by any Three of them; and if such Committee shall disapprove of any Articles in such Accounts, they shall disallow the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committee shall suspect any fraudulent or improper Charges in any Accounts of the said Governor, other Officer or Servant, or any Omission therein, they may examine upon Oath the said Governor, or any other Officer or Servant belonging to such Penitentiary, or any of the Persons employed about the fame, or any Persons of whom any Stock, Materials, or other things have been purchased for the Use of such Penitentiary, or any Persons to whom any Stock, Materials or other things belonging to the said Penitentiary, or the Officers thereof, have been fold, or any of the Convicts confined in such Penitentiary, or any other Persons, touching any of the Articles contained in such Accounts, or any Omission therein, or any thing relative thereto; and in case there shall appear in any such Accounts any false Entry knowingly or wilfully made, or any fraudulent Omission therein, or any other Fraud whatsoever, ' or any Collusion between any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, belonging to such Penitentiary, or between any such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, and any other Person or Persons, in any matter relative thereto, then besides the private Satisfaction in Damages which the Parties or Party injured may be entitled to recover by Law, the said Committee may dismiss any such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, who shall to them appear to have been guilty of any such false Entry, Omission, Fraud or Collusion, and appoint another or others in his, her or their (lead; apd if the said Committee shall see fit, they shall cause an Indictment or Indictments to be preferred against the Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons, so offending, at the next Quarter or other General Session of the Peace to be holden for the County wherein the said Penitentiary is situated, or for any other adjoining County; and in case such Person or Persons so indicted shall be found guilty of such Offence or Offences, he, she or they shall be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Discretion of the Court.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Penitentiary, or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be fitted and completed for the Reception of Convicts, and proper Officers shall be appointed for the Care and Management thereof, the said Committee shall certify, under their Hands and Seals, to His Majesty, through the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, that such Penitentiary is so fitted and completed, and that such Officers have been appointed 5 and after the making of such Certificate, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by an Order in Writing, to be notified by the said Secretary of State, to direct, that any Person who may be under Sentence or Order of Transportation, for any Offence committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called England and Wales, and who, having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious Distemper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which such Person may be confined, shall be removed to the said Penitentiary, there to remain and continue for and during the Term of Five Years, in case such Convict shall be under Sentence or Order of Transportation for Seven Years only, and for and during the Term of Seven Years, in case such Convict shall be under such Sentence or Order for. Fourteen Years; and for and during the Term of Ten Years, in case such Convict shall be under such Sentence or Order for Life.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Convict shall be removed to the said Penitentiary, who, having been under Sentence or Order of Transportation for the Term of Seven Years, shall previously to his or her being removed to the said Penitentiary, have been kept confined in some other Gaol or Prison, during a Part of such Term, such Convict shall be confined in the said Penitentiary under this Act, for Five Seventh Parts of the Residue of His or her Term of Seven Years' Transportation, remaining unexpired, when he or she shall be received into the said Penitentiary; excluding nevertheless from the Computation of such reduced Period of Confinement, any fra&ional Part of a Week which may result from such Reduction; and in case any Convict shall be removed to the said Penitentiary, who, having been under Sentence or Order of Transportation for the Term of Fourteen Years, shall, previously to his or her being so removed, have been kept confined in some other Gaol or Prison during a Part of such Term, such Convict shall be confined in the said Penitentiary under this Act for One Half of the Residue of his or her Term of Fourteen Years' Transportation remaining unexpired, when he ot (he shall be received into the said Penitentiary; excluding nevertheless from the Computation of such reduced Period of Confinement any fra&ional Part of a Day which may result from such Reduction 5 and in the case of any Convict who, having been under Sentence or Order of Transportation for Life, shall be removed to the said Penitentiary for the Term of Ten Years as aforesaid, such Term of Ten Years shall be computed from the time of his or her being received into the said Penitentiary.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff or Gaoler having the Custody of any Convict, whose Removal shall be ordered in manner aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after the Receipt of the Notification of any such Order, convey or cause to be conveyed every such Convict to the said Penitentiary, and there deliver him to the Governor thereof, together with a true Copy, attested by such Sheriff or Gaoler, of the Caption and Order of the Court before which such Convict was tried, containing the Sentence or Order of Transportation of such Convict, by virtue whereof he shall be in the Custody of such Sheriff or Gaoler, and also a Certificate containing his or her Age, and an Account of his or her Behaviour in Prison, before and after Trial, and the Gaoler's Observations on his or her Temper and Disposition, and such Information concerning his or her Connections and former Course of Life as may have come to the Knowledge of such Gaoler; and the Governor of the said Penitentiary shall give a proper Receipt in Writing to the Sheriff W Gaoler, for the Discharge of such Sheriff or Gaoler.

XVI. And.

Books shall be kept, & c.

Committee may examine Officers and Servants, &c. upon Oath, and may dismist and prosecute for Fraud or Collusion.

Indi£lrcent against such Officers, &c.

Fine and Imprisonment. Committee to certify to Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, when Penitentiary shall be fit for Reception of Convitfs.

Periods of Confinement.

Regulations as to time of Confinement of Convicts sentenced to Transportation, and removed to Penitentiary.

Sheriffs or Gaolers to deliver Convicts to Penitentiary without Delay.

Governor to givt a Discharge.

Expences of Removal paid by County, &c.

Governor to have fame Power over Convicti in his Custody as a Sheriff or Gaoler.

Insane Convicts may be removed from and returned to Penitentiary after Recovery, as in cases of other Prisoners in Gaols.

Convicts when brought to be separately lodged and washed, and examined by the Surgeon.

When discharged to be furnHhed with decent Clothing. Allowances.

Keeping Con-viffcs to Labour.

Convicts how to be lodged.

Hours of Work.

[Proviso.]'

Rewards to Convicts for Diligence, &c.

Dividing Con-'rjftsinto Classes.

C. 63. 56° GEORGII UI. A.D. 1816.

XVL. And be it further enacted, That all reasonable Expences which the Sheriff or Gaoler shall incur in every such Removal, shall be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place, for which the Court in which the Party was convicted shall have been holden; and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Expences from the Treasurer of such County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place, such Expences being first allowed by the Order of the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter or other General Sessions of the Peace, who are hereby required to make such Order as shall be Just in that behalf.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That after Delivery of any such Convict as aforesaid into the Custody to which he or she shall be so ordered as aforesaid, such Governor, or other Person having the Custody of Convicts under his Direction, shall, during the Term for which such Convict shall be ordered to remain in his Custody, have the fame Powers over such Convict as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler; and in case of any Abuse of such Custody, or other Misbehaviour or Negligence in the Discharge of his Office, shall be liable to the fame Punishment as a Gaoler is now liable to by Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Convict confined in the said Penitentiary shall become insane during such Confinement, and be so reported by the Committee to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State to order and cause inch insane Convict to be immediately removed to some proper Place of Confinement; and upon Recovenf to be returned to such Penitentiary, in the same manner as in the case of any Prisoner becoming insane, after and while under Sentence, in any other Gaol or Prison.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Convict who shall be ordered to be confined in the said Penitentiary shall be brought thither in pursuance of the Powers contained in this Act, he or she shall be separately lodged and washed, cleansed and purified, and shall then be examined by the Surgeon or Apothecary, and shall continue in such separate Lodging until it be certified by such Surgeon or Apothecary that he or she is fit to be received among the other Convicts, or until he or she shall be removed to the Infirmary; and the Clothes in which he or she shall then be clothed shall be burnt, if necessary, or otherwise shall be sold and disposed of, at the Discretion of the Governor, and the Produce thereof shall be accounted for to the Committee aforesaid, and shall be by them directed to be carried by the said Governor to the Account of the said Convict in the Books of the said Penitentiary; and such Convict shall not be dismissed at the End or other Determination of his or her Term, if he or she shall then labour under any acute or dangerous Distemper, unless at his or her Request 5 and when such Convict shall be finally discharged, such decent Clothing, as shall be judged necessaiw and proper by the Committee aforesaid, shall be delivered to such Coo-vift; and also such Sum of Money for his or her immediate Subsistence, as the said Committee shall think proper, so as such Sum shall not exceed Three Pounds; and if such Convict, at the End or other Determmatioa of his or her Term, shall procure any substantial Housekeeper or other reputable Person, to take him or her into Service, or provide him or her with proper Employment for One Year then next ensuing, the same to be approved by the Committee aforesaid, he or she, having served accordingly, shall be entitled at the End of the Year to such other Sum of Money, not exceeding the like Sum of Three Pounds, as the said Committee shall think fit.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every such Governor of the said Penitentiary shall, during the Term for which such Convict shall remain in such Custody, keep him or her to Labour of such kind as the Committee before mentioned shall direct and appoint; and if the Work to be performed by any such Convicts shall be of such a Nature as may require previous Instruction, proper Persons shall be provided to give the fame, by Order of the said Committee, to whom a suitable Allowance shall be made.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such Convicts as shall be sent to the said Penitentiary shall, doling the Hours of Labour, be separated from each other, or shall work together in Companies composed of more or fewer Persons in Number, in such manner as the Bye Laws established as aforesaid by the Committee shall prescribe 5 and that all Convicts, not confined in the Infirmary, shall during their Hours of Rest be kept entirely separate and apart from each other, and be lodged in separate Rooms or Cells; except in cases in which it m$y be deemed expedient to place Two or more Prisoners together on account of the Health or State of Mind of One of such Prisoners.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such Convicts shall be employed in Work at the said Penitentiary, every Day in the Year, except Sundays, Christmas Day> Good Friday, Ascenjion Day, and any Day appointed for a General Fall or Thanksgiving, and also except such Days when ill Health will not allow of their working 5 and the Hours of work in each Day shall not exceed Eight Hours in the Months of November, December and January, Nine Hours in the Months of February and 08obery and Ten Honrs and an Half in the Rest of the Year (exclusive of the time allowed for Meals): Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee, by a written Order, to permit any Convict to labour voluntarily for a longer time thah is herein mentioned, upon such Conditions as shall in the said Order be expressed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee to allow to any of the Convicts confined in the said Penitentiary, as a Reward and Encouragement, any Part or Portion of the Profits arising from their Labour, not exceeding such Proportion thereof as shall be approved of and allowed by the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; subject to such Conditions and Regulations as the said Committee shall direct and appoint.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Convicts to be sent to the said Penitentiary shall be divided into Two Classes, which shall be called the First and Second Classes; for which Purpose, the time for which such Convicts shall be severally ordered to be confined, shall be divided into Two equal Parts, and during the first Part of the time of the Imprisonment, he or she shall be ranked in the First Clafe,

15 and

A.D. 1816. s6" GEORGII III. C. 63. 903

[Proviso.]

and during the Second Part of such time, he or she shall be ranked in the Second .Class; and the Confinement of such Convids as shall from time to time be ranked in the First Class shall be more ftrid, and the Confinement of the Convids in the Second Class shall be more moderate; which several Degrees of Confinement for each Class shall be settled by the said Committee, by Orders of Regulation to be approved of in manner aforesaid: Provided always, that if the said Committee shall at any time observe, or be satisfactorily informed of any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the said Convids who are ranked in the said First Class, it shall be lawful for the said Committee to order such Convict to be transferred to the Second Class, for the remainder of the Term for which he or she was ordered to be confined in the said Penitentiary, although such Convict may not have completed the Period of his or her Imprisonment in the said First Class.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committee .shall at any time observe or be satisfactorily Committee to

informed of any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the Conyi&s under their Iofpe&ion, who shall be Convias* ranked in the said Second Class of Convids, the Committee shall report the fame in Writing to the Principal ftaH "an>*

Secretary of State for the Home Department, in order that he may recommend such Convict to His Majesty Sffifence.'

as an Object of the Royal Mercy, on such Conditions as to Him shall seem meet.*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Convict who shall be ordered to such Penitentiary shall, How Convids during the time of his or her Confinement therein, be fed and sustained with a sufficient Quantity of coarse butJ*aI1^fed and wholesome Food, and also be clothed with a coarse and uniform Apparel, with any distinguishing Marks dt*hcd' which may be deemed useful to facilitate Discovery in case of Escape, the whole to be ordered in such manner as the Committee aforesaid shall from time to time appoint; and no such Convict shall during the time of his or her Confinement be permitted to have any other Food, Drink or Clothing, than such as shall be so appointed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person except the Officers, or Servants of the Penitentiary, None but Offi-

cer such Person or Persons as shall be authorized according to the Regulations established by the said Committee, cers and Scr" shall be permitted at any time to enter any of the Apartments or Court Yards allotted to the Convids, or to an^of^he^ hold Conversation or Communication with any of them. Apartments,

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of the Governor may said Penitentiary to employ, with the Consent of the said Committee, any of the Convids aforesaid, who shall employ Convids be ranked in the Second Class, as Overseers, or Assistants, in the management of the Works, and the Care of " Assistants. their Fellow Convids, instead of their being confined to such their Daily Labour as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or Servant of such Penitentiary shall supply any of the Officers or Serr Convids therein with any Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet, or with any Spirituous or other Liquors what- vants topping, soever, except such Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet as the Governor of the Penitentiary shall from time Mone°Dprovi to time permit or dared, and except such Diet and Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such fio£* or*Liquor, Penitentiary shall think proper to order for any such Convict, in case of Illness; and in case any such Officer contrary to Act. or Servant shall be found guilty of carrying to any such Convict, or of knowingly permitting to be carried to

any such Convict, any Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet, or Liquors whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of

this Act, such Officer or Servant shall immediately be suspended by the said Governor, who shall report the same to the Committee at their next Meeting; and such Committee shall inquire thereof upon Oath, and shall Pimishment.

puniffi such Officer or Servant by Forfeiture of Office, and by any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or by either Fin*.

of such Punishments, as the said Committee shall in their Discretion think proper; and if any other Person pr Other Persons

Persons shall wilfully supply any such Convict, at any time during the Term of his or her Confinement with 0*nd'inS«

any Food, Drink or Clothing, other than such as shall have been appointed by the Committee as aforesaid, or

with any Money, he or she so supplying such Convict shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding penalty.

Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the said Committee.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Chaplain shall read Prayers and preach a Sermon both Morning Chaplain to read and Evening, in the Chapel of such Penitentiary, on every Sunday in the Year, and also on every Christmat ^n^Pra* ers Day, Good Friday, and AJcenJion Day, and on every Day appointed for a General Fast or Thanksgiving 5 and and reach^Two, all the Convids confined in such Penitentiary, who shall not be disabled by Illness, or whose Attendance shall Sermons on Suiw not be dispensed with by the Committee, shall attend the said Prayers and Sermons, which shall also be attended days, fcc.

by the Resident Officers and by the Servants of such Penitentiary, or such of th$m as can be spared from their several Employments, and shall not be prevented by Illness; and the said Chaplain shall visit such Convids, under such Regulations as may be prescribed by the said Committee, for their moral and religious Education.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chaplain of the said Penitentiary, or such Chaplaiamty other Person as shall act for or assist him, and no other, to baptize all Children born, and bury all Persons who shall die therein, or in any Buildings or Premises belonging to or making Part of the said Penitentiary, and to tentiaiy. perform Divine Service and administer the Sacrament according to the Liturgy of the Church of England\ To keepRegjf-within the said Penitentiary; and such Chaplain shall keep an accurate Register of all such Christenings and of ters and transmit all such Burials, and shall Once in each Month transmit a Copy thereof to the Incumbent of the Church of CoPy month1/ Saint John the Evangelifi in Wejkninjler, or his Curate, in the Absence of such Incumbent, who shall, as soon after the Receipt thereof as can conveniently be, enter the fame in the Register of the said Parish; and it shall enter ^me^be lawful for the said Committee to order and direct that an Allowance shall be made to such Incumbent for Register. snaking each such Entry, according to the Custom in like cases in the said Parish. Allowance so*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Convids ordered to be confined in such Penitentiary shall be jj doi.lJ|-

permitted to walk and air themselves in the airing Yards or Grounds belonging thereto, for such dated time as w2£l#nJ a£ their Health may require, and the Regulations of such Penitentiary shall permit. themselves.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Convict shall appear to be sick, he or she shall Convicts when be visited by the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such Penitentiary*, and if the Sicknefe be found to be real, Sick, to be

9°4

geon; and if necessary, sent to Infirmary,

Committee to examine into State of Penitentiary, and in-spe<a Accounts. Governor empowered to hear Complaints of certain OiTences.

Enormous Offenders confined by Governor, and reported to Committee.

Committee may inquire upon Oath.

Punishment.

Committee may

administer

Oaths.

Persons refusing to be fworu. Penalty.

Governor to keep regular Books.

Escape. Discharge. Returns toK. B. verified on Oath.

Reports laid before The King in Council, and both Houses of Parliament.

Bye Laws, Rides, Stc. reported to The King in Council, and to both Houses of Parliament.

Penitentiary exempt from Public and Parochial Taxes.

C. 63. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

the said Sufgeon or Apothecary shall report the same to the Governor, who shall, if the Sickness be of such a Nature act to require it, order such Convict to be sent to the Infirmary belonging to such Penitentiary, and his or her Name to be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose 5 and when such Convict shall have so far recovered his or her Health as that the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall judge him or her to be in a proper condition to quit the Infirmary, and to return to nis or her Employment, and the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall so report, the said Governor shall order such Convict to be brought back to his or her Cell, and to be again employed in Labour, so far as shall be consistent with the Health of such Convict.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee, at every Meeting at which Three of them at the least shall be present, shall inquire into the State of such Penitentiary, and shall inspect the Accounts of the Governor and other Officers, and also examine into their Conduct, into the Management of such Penitentiary, and into the Behaviour of the Convicts confined therein.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of such Penitentiary shall have Power to hear all Complaints touching any of the following Offences committed by any of the Convicts confined therein; (that is to say, Disobedience of any of the Orders established for the said Penitentiary; Assaults by one Person confined in such Penitentiary upon another, when no dangerous Wound or Bruise is given; profane Cursing and Swearing, or indecent Behaviour 5 Absence from Chapel, or irreverent Behaviour there; and Idleness or Negligence in Work, or wilful Mismanagement of it, or wanton Damage or Injury to the Prison or Furniture thereof; all which are declared to be Offences by this Act; and the said Governor may examine any PerfoM touching such Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punish such Offences by ordering the Offender to close Confinement in a dark Cell, or by keeping him or her upon Bread and Water only, or by both such Punishments, for any Term not exceeding Three Days.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Convict who shall be confined in any such Penitentiary shall, during the Term for which he shall be so confined, be guilty of any Offence which the Governor of such Penitentiary is not hereby authorized to punish, or for which the Punishment which such Governor is hereby authorized to inflict, shall by such Governor be deemed not sufficient, by reason of the Enormity of the Offence, or the Repetition thereof, such Governor may confine such Offender either in his or her own Cell, or in a dark Cell belonging to such Penitentiary, till the next Meeting of the said Committee, and shall in such case report such Offence, with the time and particular Circumstances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the said Committee 5 and such Committee shall have Power to inquire upon Oath, and determine, concerning all such Offences so reported to them as aforesaid, and may order any such Offender to be punished by close Confinement in a dark Cell, with Bread and Water only for Sustenance, for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by removing such Offenders, if ranked in the Second Class, into the First Class, or by both such Punishments 5 and in case of Removal into the First Class, the Offender shall, from the time of making such Order of Removal, remain in such First Class, until he or she be restored to the Second Class by Order of the Committee, or until the Term of his or her Confinement shall be completed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever by this Act the said Committee, or any Three of them, are empowered or directed to make any Inquiry or receive any Proof upon Oath, any One of the said Committee is hereby authorized to tender and administer such Oath 5 and any Three of the said Committee may summon or cause to be summoned such Witnesses, as they shall think meet, to appear and give Evidence before them; and if any Person, being duly summoned, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or being present and competent to be a Witness shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, such Person shall forfeit any Sum not less than Twenty Shillings, nor more than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Committee.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of the said Penitentiary shall keep a regular Book or Books, in which shall be entered the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall be in his Custody, the Offences of which they shall have been guilty, the Court before which each Person was c<m-vifted, the Sentence of the Court, the Age, Bodily Estate, and Behaviour of every such Convict while io Custody; and also the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall have died under such Custody, or shall have escaped from such Place of Confinement, or shall have been discharged from thence by Order from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or otherwise; from which Books Returns shall be made of the Particulars mentioned above, on the First Day of every Term, to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and shall be verified on the Oath of the Person making the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall at the Beginning of every Session make a faithful Report to the King in Council, and to both Houses of Parliament, specifying the State of the Buildings, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Officers, the Treatment and Condition of the Convicts, the Amount of their Earnings, and the Expences of such Penitentiary, and also in matters of extreme or pressing Necessity, shall and may make a Special Report thereof to the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall report to His Majesty in Council, and to both Houses of Parliament, all Bye Laws, Rules or Regulations, made under the Authority of this Act, and all Alterations therein or Additions thereto, within Thirty one Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after such Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations, or Alterations or Additions, shall have been confirmed by the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, as hereinbefore is directed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Penitentiary, and all the Buildings and inclosed Area and Appurtenances belonging thereto and making Part thereof, shall be and they are hereby declared to be wholly freed and exempt from all Public and Parochial Taxes, Rates, Assessments and Charges whatsoever, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which may hereafter be passed in relation to any Public or

Parochial

A.D. 181.6. 56° GEORGII III. C. 63. 905

Parochial Taxes, Rates or Assessments, to the contrary notwithstanding s Provided always, that no Person belonging to or employed in the said Penitentiary, and no Child born therein, shall thereby gain a Settlement in the Parish in which the said Penitentiary is situate.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution Expences of ex-(hali be annually laid before the House of Commons, and after deducting therefrom such Profit as may have arisen from the Earnings of the Convicts, over and above the Expences occasioned by their Labour, and any Commons. Allowances which shall have been made to such Convicts, or to the Officers superintending such Labour, by Order of the Committee, the Remainder shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to His Majesty by Parliament.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Convict who shall be ordered to be confined in the said Convitfsbreak-Penitentiary shall at any time during the Term of such Confinement break Prison, or escape from the Place of in5 Erilbo or his or her Confinement, or in his or ner Conveyance to such Place of Confinement, or from the Person or Per- efcaPinS-fons having the lawful Custody of such Convict, he or she so breaking Prison or escaping shall be punished by an Addition of Three Years to the Term for which he or she at the time of his or her Breach of Prison or Punishment Escape was subject to be confined; and if such Convict so punished by such Addition to the Term of Confinement shall afterwards be convicted of a Second Escape or Breach of Prison, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall rescue any Convict who shall be ordered to be R[ce]scuingor at-confined within the said Penitentiary, either during the time of his or her Conveyance to the said Penitentiary, tempting to or whilst such Convict shall be in the Custody of the Person or Persons under whose Care and Charge he or rescue Convitfs. (he shall be so confined 5 or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting in any such Rescue, every such Person so refeuing, aiding or assisting, shall be guilty of Felony, and may be ordered to be confined in the said Peniten- Felony, tiary for any Term not lets than One Year, nor exceeding Five Years; and if any Person having the Custody Officers permit-of any such Convict as aforesaid, or being employed by the Person having such Custody as a Keeper, Under- tln8 Escape; keeper, Turnkey, Assistant or Guard, shall voluntarily permit such Convict to escape; or if any Person Applying Means whatsoever shall, by supplying Arms, Tools or Instruments of Disguise, or otherwise be in any manner aiding of Escape. and assisting to any such Convict in any Escape, or in any Attempt to make an Escape, though no Escape be actually made, or shall attempt to rescue any such Convict, or be aiding and assisting in any such Attempt, though no Rescue be actually made, every such Person so permitting, attempting, aiding or assisting, shall be guilty of Felony 5 and if any Person having such Custody, or being so employed by the Person having such Felony. Custody as aforesaid, shall negligently permit any such Convict to escape, such Person so permitting shall be Misdemeanor. guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being lawfully convicted of the fame, shall be liable to Fine or Imprisonment, Punishment or to both, at the Discretion of the Court.

XLV. And to the Intent that the Prosecution for Escapes, Breaches of Prison, and Rescues, may be carried on with as little Trouble and Expence as possible, be it further enacted, That any Convict escaping. Mode of Trial breaking Prison, or being refeued in manner aforesaid, may and shall be tried before the Justices of Oyer and and Conviction. Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at the Great Sessions, either for the County where he or (lie shall be apprehended and retaken, or for the County in which the said Offence shall have been committed 5 and in case of any Prosecution for any such Escape, Attempt to escape, Breach of Prison, or Rescue, either against the Convict escaping or attempting to escape, or having broken Prison, or being refeued, or against any other Person or Persons concerned therein, or aiding, abetting or assisting the fame, a Copy properly attested, of the Order of Commitment to such Penitentiary shall, after Proof made that the Person then in question before Evidence of Or. the Court is the fame that was delivered with such Order, be sufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury that l, er of Confine* the Person then in question was so ordered to such Confinement. ment*

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Committee, or to any Member Committee or

thereof, who shall be appointed a Visitor as aforesaid, that the Continuance within the said Penitentiary of ^"nmapcr

-any Person, not being an Officer or Servant of the said Penitentiary or a Convict confined therein, is inex- so^no^being6* pedient or objectionable, it shall and may be lawful for such Committee or Visitor, by an Order in Writing officers, Ser-to direct such Person to quit &ich Penitentiary; and in case such Person shall refuse or neglect so to do vants or Con-within Six Hours after the Receipt of such Order, it shall and may be lawful for any One of His Majesty's w&s, to quit Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of Middlesex, on Application from such Committee or i>enileDlwry« such Visitor, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower any Person to whom such Warrant shall be directed, forthwith to remove such Person from and out of the said Penitentiary.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Penitentiary shall be regulated by the Provisions in this Other Acts re-Act contained; and no other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Gaols, Prisons or Houses of Correction, £*, nn0[0l*olS|, or any Clauses, Provision9, Regulations, Penalties or Forfeitures, contained in any such Act or Acts, shall toC Penitent wry. extend or be construed to extend to the said Penitentiary, except so far as any such Acts, Clauses, Provisions or Regulations are by this Act referred to and made applicable to the Purposes of this Act, or to the said Penitentiary, or to any Persons belonging to or confined as Convicts therein.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary Penalties created by this Act, for the Recovery Recovery of of which no Mode is hereinbefore prescribed, shall be recoverable before Two or more Justices of the Peace Penalties, in the County in which the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on Confession of the Offender; and One Moiety thereof shall be pa d to the Use of the Penitentiary, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fame, and in case of Non payment, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods Distress. and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Overplus of the Money

raised, after deducting the Penalty and Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner;

56 Geo. III. 5 Z and

5o6

If insufficient

Distrest,

Imprii'onment.

[General issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Limiutkm of A£Uow.

may be altered, &c«

43 G. 3. c. IOO. except § I.

47 G. 3. Self. 2.

c. 71.

49 O 3.C. 53.

50 G. 3. c. 44.

jx G. 3. c. ao.

except certain Provisions, repealed

55 G. a. c. 65. §10.

His Majesty may dilpenfe with calling out Militia for the present Year.

C. 63.64. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

and for want of fuficient Distrefg, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County, for such Term not exceeding Six Months, nor less than One Month, as such Justices shall think moil proper.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of all other Acts of Parliament for the rendering Justices of Peace more safe in the Execution of their Offices, shall extend and be construed to extend to aff Persons nominated to form Part of the said Committee for superintending the said Penitentiary, and to the Governor thereof, so as that no Action shall be brought again it any such Person or Persons for any thing done under this Act, without Notice, to enable him or them to tender Amends 5 and if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act or toe Special matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions after Issue joined, or if on Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendants have by Law in other cases 5 and though a Verdict shall be given for any Plaintiff in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge, before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fast was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Months after the Fast committed, and not otherwise.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered or amended by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Militia of Great Britain, and to amend other Acts relating thereto.

[22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to render morehffeSual Two Acts made in tbu present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and for raffing an additional military Force for the better Defence of the United Kingdom: And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and increasing the fame under certain Limitations and RffiriSions: And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for completing the Militia of Great Britain: And*Whereas an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session Parliament for completing the Militia of Great Britain, and to make further Provision for completing the said Militia: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign 1 of His present Majesty intituled, An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to enlifi annually into the regular Forces, and to provide for the gradual Reduction of the said Militia: And*Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts passed in the Forty third, Forty seventh, Forty ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty first Years respectively of the Reign of His present Majesty, except so much of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid as relates to ballotted Men refusing to be examined as to their Fitnefe to serve in the Militia, and so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of 1 His present Majesty as relates to the confining the Allowances to the Wives and Families of Militia Men in < England and Scotland after the passing of the said Act, to ballotted Men only, should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Forty third, Forty seventh, Forty ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty first Years respectively of the Reign of His present Majesty, except so much of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid as relates to balloted Men refofing to be examined as to their Fitness to serve in the Militia, and so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year aforesaid a6 confines the Allowances to the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland, raised after the passing of the said Act, to balfotted Men only, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain, as enacts that no ballotted Man shall be exempt from serving in the Militia of Great Britain, by reason of being under the Height of Five Feet Four Inches, provided such Man shall be of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches, (kafl he and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty ftould be empowered to dispense with the training and exercising of the Militia in the present Year* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council, to suspend the calling out of the Militia of Great Britain, in the present Year, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, and to order and direct that no training or exercising of the Militia shall take place in the present Year; any thing contained in any After Acts relating to the Militia, to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1816. 56* GlLORGli HI. C. 64, 65. ijof

1 IV. And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 55 G. 3. c. 168.

tuled An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Militias of Great Britain and Ireland: And §3* 4- sars-

' Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act as td appointing Courts Martial should be ex- Court#

1 tended for the Trial of any Officers, Non Commissioned Offiters and Drummers and Private Men* of the t^nTtoOfficm

Militia retained on Permanent Pay; Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions and privates of Regulations and Clauses in the said last recited Act contained, in relation to Courts Martial, and to the ap- Militia on peiv pointing, assembling and attending of Courts Martial under the said Act, shall extend' and be in full foi-ce, and manent Pay. -apply to the Trial and Punishment of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers or Private Men of the

Militia of Great Britain, remaining on permanent Pay, while the Militia to which they shall belong shall be disembodied, for all Offences committed against any Law in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion,

-or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof as if all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Clauses were severally and separately repeated and reenacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Desertersmay Militia, who shall at any time have deserted from the Militia, shall be liable to be tried and punisheeffor such>e tried where-Desertion at any time thereafter whenever they shall be apprehended, although no Charges shall have Beers ejer apprehend* made out or delivered according to the Provisions of the said last recited Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to explain and amend the Acts for granting Duties on the Profits arising from Property,

Professions, Trades and Offices, so far as extend to the due Assessment and Collection of the Duties for pafl Years; for confirming certain Abatements already made of the said Duties, and exempting Collectors' Bonds from the Stamp Duties.

[2ad Jttm 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made in respect of the Duties and Arrears of c W/ the Duties charged or to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and

Offices, granted by certain Acts passed in the Forty third, Forty fifth, Forty sixth and Fifty fifth Years 43 G. J. c. til.

of His present Majesty's Reign, and continued until and upon the Fifth Day of Abril One thousand 45 G. 3. c. ij.

eight hundred and sixteen, on which Day the fame expired May it therefore please Your Majesty that it6 G. 3. c. 65.

may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and G*3*c*53* Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Provisions contained in the said several Acts hereinbefore to continue in mentioned, or any of them, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the said Duties, shall continue in force for force to charge-the Purpose of duly charging the said Duties on all Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and dh who

all Companies, Fraternities or Societies of Persons which shall not have been respectively charged to the said scape?

Duties before the passing of this Act; and which ought to have been charged to the said Duties for the YeaT

ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or for any prior Year since the '

passing of the said Acts, and until such Assessments shall be duly made for such Year or Years, and shall be raised and levied as if the said Duties had not expired; and all and every the Clauses, Rules, matters and

things, which are contained in any of the said Acts, shall continue to be in foil force, and shall be severally

applied, practised and put in Execution for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting and paying the said Duties

'which shall be charged after the passing of this Act for any Year or Years before mentioned; and also for and for collecting

the levying, collecting and paying all and every the Arrears of the said Duties which shall have been A«'ear*>

charged before the passing of this Act, and which shall be in Arrear and unpaid at the time of passing this Act; and for the filing for, adjudging and recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been or may recovering-

be incurred in respect of any Assessment made or to be made for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of Penalties.

April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; or in respect of any Assessment for any prior Year as aforesaid; and also for applying the Monies arising from the said Duties, and which shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer after the passing of this Act, in like manner as is directed by the said Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions contained in the said several Acts relating to Provisions for the said Duties shall continue in force for the Purpose of hearing all Appeals against Assessments to be made appealing to con-after the passing of this Act for any Year or Years as before mentioned; and also for the Purpose of granting tinuc farce* Abatements on Account of any Diminution of Income in such Year, as directed by the said several Acts,

or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions contained in the said Acts shall continue in force for the making all such Returns of Assessments made under the said Acts or in pursuance of this Act, and other matters touching the Execution of the said Acts, or relating to the said Duties, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as are directed to be made by the said Acts; and also for returning Duplicates to the Receivers General and the Officers of The King's Remembrancer; and also for the returning, auditing, examining, passing and declaring the Accounts of any Receiver of the said Duties, as if the said Duties had not expired.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Receiver of the Duties on Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, shall in his or their Account of the Monies raised or to be raised under the said several Acts or any of them, relating to the said Duties for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, be allowed or admitted to set iilfoper or Charge any County, Division or Place in Great Britain, for any of the said Duties which shall be unpaid, unless such Accounts shall be declared and passed within Three Years at the furthest after the Fifth Day of April One

5 Z 2 thousand

Provisions for making all Returns, and for auditing Receivers* Accounts, to continue in force.

Receivers of Duties not allowed to set insuper any Place for Duties unpaid, unless his Accounts paired within Three

908 C. 65.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Year* after April 5, 1816.

Reafleflments to be made on Assessments of 1816.

Schedule of Defaulters to remain with Com-raissioners Three Calendar Months.

Extension of time for Payment of Second Moiety.

Collector not delivering full and complete Schedule to Receiver General. Penalty.

Time of Payment in Scotland of Duty for remaining Half Year till Jan. 5, 1817, extended.

Abatements

confirmed.

thousand eight hundred and sixteen; but all Monies in Arrear in respect of the said Duties shall remain a Debt upon such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Executors and Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Arrears of the said Duties, arising from any Default in the Collection thereof, or by the Failure of any Collector, for which any Parish or Place shall be answerable according to the Provisions of the said Acts or any of them, shall be reassessed within and upon such Parish or Place as soon after such Default shall be discovered as conveniently can be done, and shall be charged on the Amount of the last Assessment made for the fame Duties under the said last mentioned Act, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year, according to the Amount of each Person's Assessment therein, as nearly as the case will admit, and by the like Rules, Methods and Directions, by which the original Assessment was made 5 to be raised and levied in such manner as any Assessment may by virtue of tills Ad be raised and levied, under the Regulations of the said several Acts relating to the said Duties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Schedule of Defaulters relating to the Second Moiety and Re. mainder of the said Duties, assessed or to be assessed for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, which shall be delivered by any Collector of the said Duties to the Receiver General, where such Arrears shall have accrued, shall, after Delivery thereof by the said Receiver General to the Commissioners of the Division, remain with them until the End of Three Calendar months, to be computed from the Day on which such Schedule shall or ought to have been delivered to the said Receiver General, before the Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster for Process to levy such Arrears, as by any of the said Acts is directed; during which Period of Three Calendar months all and every the Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Provisions and Directions heretofore exercised, followed and observed, during the Period appointed for any Schedule of Defaulters remaining before such Commissioners, under and in pursuance of the Provisions of the said several Acts, or any of them, shall be in like manner exercised, followed, observed and fulfilled in pursuance of this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case where any Person or Persons shall have paid and satisfied One Half Part of the said Second Moiety and Remainder of the said Duties, charged on him or them for the said Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, on or before the Fifth Day of July in the same Year, and shall be desirous of extending the time for Payment of the other Half Part of the said Moiety and Remainder of the said Duties, and shall make Application to the Commissioners of the fame Division, acting in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, on Proof to their Satisfaction of any reasonable Cause for an Extension of Payment beyond the said Period of Three Calendar months before allowed, to grant time for such Payments until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, by any Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of the said Commissioners, directed to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place, in which the said Duties shall have been assessed for the said Year.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Collector of the said Duties shall deliver a full and complete Schedule of such Defaulters as aforesaid, to the Receiver General for the County or Division where such Arrears shall have accrued, on the First Day appointed for the Receipt by him of the said last Moiety or Remainder of the said Duties, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, as directed by the said Acts, on Pain that every Collector, neglecting or refusing so to do, shall forfeit the like Penalty as is imposed on Collectors by the said several Acts, or any of them, in other cases of Neglect of Duty.

IX. And in order to make suitable Provision for suspending the Payment of the Half Year's Duty, which became payable after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen on Assessments under the said Acts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; Be it further enacted, That in every case where any Person or Persons shall have fully paid and satisfied, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all the Duties assessed on him, her or them, under the said Acts, as well for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and all prior Years, as for the Half Year commencing after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and shall be desirous of extending the time for Payment of the Remainder of the said Duties, and shall make Application to the Commissioners of the same County, Shire or Borough acting in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, on Proof to their Satisfaction of any reasonable Cause for the Extension of Payment, to grant time therefore until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, by any Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of the said Commissioners, directed to the Collector of the County, Shire or Borough, or his Deputy, in which the said Duties shall have been assessed for the said Year ending on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

X. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Provisions were made for the Continuance of the Assessments made under the said Act, passed in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, during the Term therein limited; and by reason of the great Depreciation in the Price of Gram ' and other Agricultural Produce, the Rents and annual Value of Lands have been in many cases reduced, and it hath been found expedient in certain Districts to abate from the Assessments in Proportion to such Redudioo without Authority of Parliament Be it therefore further enacted, That all Abatements from Assessments made by Commissioners acting for the general Purposes of the said Acts, on due Proof to their Satisfaction that any Lands, duly assessed at the Rent payable in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, had been bona Jidc let by a fresh Lease or Agreement at a Rent leis than the Amours

14 charged

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 65, 66. 909

charged in the Assessment for the said Year, to continue at such reduced Rent, during the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or that any Lands in the Occupation of the Owner thereof were assessed for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, at the full Rack Rent at which they were then worth to be let to a Tenant, have been since reduced in the annual Value thereof, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be confirmed and valid, and of the like Force as if the fame had been made in pursuance and under the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament; and all and every Person or Persons, Commissioners and others, who shall or may have been in any manner concerned in advising, recommending or granting such Abatements, in such cases and in such manner and under the like Circumstances as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be and they and every of them are and is hereby fully and effectually indemnified for so doing.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case where any Lands which were in the Occupation of any Tenant or Tenants at the time of making the Estimates of the Annual Value thereof, for the Purpose of assessing the Duties thereon, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall have fallen into and be in the Hands of the Owner or Owners, on the Failure or Quitting of such Tenant or Tenants, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, on Proof to their Satisfaction that the Estimate for the said Year was made on the full Rent reserved, and they are hereby required to assess the said Lands for the fjubfeauent Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or for Part of the said Year, as the case may require, on the actual Rent at which the fame were worth to be let to a Tenant at Rack Rent for the Year last mentioned, any thing in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any such Farm shall have been let to the fame or to another Tenant or other Tenants at a reduced Rent, either for the whole or Part of the Year ending on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on like Proof to their Satisfaction of the actual Rent at which the same shall be so let, to abate the Assessment for that Year to the said reduced Rent from the time of so letting the fame, whether for the whole or Part of the said Year last mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, were Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or were Commissioners for particular or special Purposes in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned, in relation to any Duties payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall continue to be Commissioners for putting in Execution all and every the Powers referred to or contained in the said several Acts, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting the said several Acts in Execution, with relation to the Rates and Duties therein mentioned respectively, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is or shall be authorized to put in Execution the said several Acts.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds wheih have been entered into before the passing of this Act, by any Collectors of the said Duties, or their respective Sureties, for the due Payment of the Monies collected by the said Collectors, or otherwise relating to their Officers, on unflamped Paper, shall nevertheless be deemed good and valid, and that all Persons concerned therein or Parties thereto, shall be indemnified from all Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures on account thereof 5 and that all Bonds which shall or may be entered into by any Collector or Collectors of the said Duties after the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby wholly exempted and made free from all Stamp Duties whatsoever, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force with respect to the said last mentioned Duties, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commissioners, &c. indemnified.

Farms falling' into the Hauds of Owners how a lie fled.

Assessment

abated.

Commissioners under recited Acts continued.

Bonds entered into by Collectors exempted from Sump Duty.

Indemnity from Penalties.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for reducing the Duties payable on Horses, used for the Purposes therein mentioned, for Two Years; and for repealing the Acts granting Allowances in respect of Children I

[_22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Purpose of granting temporary Relief to Persons occupying small

Farms, that the Duties of Assessed Taxes now chargeable under certain Acts passed in the Forty 48 G. 3. c. 55. 4 eighth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of Horses Iona Jide kept for ^'F.

the Purposes of Husbandry, should be reduced, as herein after provided, for a time to be limited May it c'

therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April Discontmuing One thousand eight hundred and sixteen for the Term of Two Years then next following, the Duties imposed cert*in Duties, and chargeable under and by virtue of the said several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Duties payable ^jfers onfa^re for and in respect of Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, by any Person or Persons of the Description, duce<?Scale/*" or occupying any Farm or Estate of the Description and Value herein after mentioned, shall be discontinued and suspended; and that from after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen,

{faring the Continuance of this Act, there shall be fubuituted, charged and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) on any Person occupying a Farm as Tenant at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than Two hundred Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood fblely thereby, or any Person occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Kent solely, or such Estate together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of Two hundred Pounds a Year (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied

by

io

Duties.

Farms of 70l. and under iool.

iool. and under 1J0L

150L and under 200l.

Who may have the Benefit of reduced AHefT-ment.

Appeal.

Horses used on small Farms and Trade jointly:

Duty.

Waggoners*

Horses.

Duty.

Provi so for Horses employed in Husbandry occasionalty used for Riding.

Proviso for Horses employed in carrying Fuel.

Mules carrying Ore, #cc.

Duty.

Certain Mares kept for Breeding.

C. 66. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 181G,

by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, a* equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at the Raek Rent, ) and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate r or by focft Estate and Farm jointly, for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Height of Thirteen Hands'or merer, of Four Inches for each Hand, bona fide kept and used solely for the Purposes of Husbandry, there shall be charged the annual Sums herein after mentioned; (that is to say) in respect of such Estate or Farm estimated as aforesaid to be under the Value of Seventy Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Three Shillings for each such Horse j Mare or Gelding 5 in respect of such Estate or Farm estimated as aforesaid, to be of the Value of Seventy Pbimds and1 under One hundred Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Five Shillings for each such Horse, MareorGWdittg; and iir respect of such Estate or Farm estimated as aforesaid to be of the Vaike of One hundred Pounds, and under the Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence- for each such Horse, Mare or Gelding; and in respect or such Estate or Farm estimated as aforesaid to be of the Value of 0V»u hundred and fifty Pounds, and under the Value of Two hundred Poundsprr Annum, the Sum of Ten Shifting* and Sixpence for each such Herse, Mare or Gelding: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained fhaB be construed to preelude any Occupier of Lands before described from the Benefit of stich reduced Assessment as aforesaid by reason that he or she may have an Annual Income not exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds Sterling, arising from any other Source than as before mentioned, unless such annual Income dr some Part thereof, shall arise by lending or letting the Horses, Mares or Geldings, in respect of which such reduced Assessment shall be made, to Hire, or by using the fame in any Trade or Employment for Profit: Provided adfo, that any Tenant quitting the Occupation of his or her Farm at or after Midsummer in any Year may appeal to the Commissioners for executing this Adit, and1 on Proof to their SatSsfaction that he or she shall have ceased to keep or use any Horses, Mares or Geldings by him or her used in the Cultivation of the said Farm from the time of his or her quitting the said Farmi shall be entitled to be relieved and discharged from one Moiety of the annual Assessment payable in respect of the said Horses, Mares or Geldings in the Year subsequeor to the time of His or her so quitting the said Farm.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hut>-dtetfand sixteen, during the Continuance of this Act, any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which (halt be less than Fifty Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Estate as the Owner thereof, or on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, Or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of Fifty Pounds a Year, reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than a* Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment, for every such Horse, Mare or Gelding as in this Act is mentioned, bona fide used for the Purposes of such Occupation, and of such Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them separately, shall be charged for each such Horse, Mare or Gelding, the annual Sum of Three Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, during the Period limited by this Act, the Duties chargeable on Horses, Mares or Geldings used for the Purposes of Riding, shall aHb be discontinued in respect of Horses, Mares alid Geldings used by common Carriers, their Waggoners or Drivers, in the manner herein after mentioned; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, during the Period limited by this Act, there (Hall be charged and paid for every Horse, Mare of Gelding, not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands, which shall be used by any common Carrier, or his or her Waggoner or Driver, in or for the drawing of any Waggon, or to accompany the fame, although the Carrier, Waggoner or Driver having the Care of such Waggon, shall ride on such Horse, Mare or Gelding while driving the said Waggon, the annual Sum of One Pound and One Shilling.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Person chargeable to the said reduced Duties, according to the true Intent of this Act, shall also during the Continuance of this Act, be exempted from the Duties payable under the said several Acts, in respect of One Horse, Mare or Gelding, bona fide kept and usually employed for the Purposes of Husbandry on his said Estate or Farm, although the fame may be used occasionaJly for the Purpose of riding thereon.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person seeking his or her Livelihood by the Carriage or Conveyance of Coal, Wood, Peat or Turf, for Consumption as Fuel in private Houses, and not having any other Employment, nor any Estate which shall yield an annual Income of Ten Pounds or upwards, and keeping not more than Four Horses, Mares or Geldings, shall from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, during the Period limited by this Act, be wholly exempted From Duty for the said Four Horses, Mares or Geldings, provided that the said Horses* Mares or Geldings ffcaH truly and without Fraud be wholly used for the Purposes aforesaid, and no other; and provided that such Coal, Peat or Turf be loaded on the Backs of such Horses, Mares or Geldings, or in a Cart or Carts, each whereof shall be dfawn singly by One such Horse, Mare or Gelding, and no more.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, during the Period limited by this Act, every Person seeking nis or her Livelihood by the Carriage or Conveyance of Ofe, Slate or Stone, or Coal or Cuhn, to or from the Mine or Pit, and keeping any Mule or Mules, being respectively under the Height of Thirteen Hands, for such Purposes, shall fie charged for each such Mule the annual Sum of Three Shillings, provided that such Coal, Culnr, Ore, Slate or Stone be loaded on the Backs of such Mules, and not otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, during the Period limited by this Act, for aH Mares which have been or shall be used wholly

10 for

A.D. 1816. 56 GEORGII III. C. 66, 67, 911

for the Parpofet of Hufbaodry, aid which at any time during the Continuance of this Act shall he kept for breeding, there shall be changed the like Duties, and no other, as would have been chargeable in cefpeft of ^utJ-the fame Mares if they had continued to be used for the said Purposes of Husbandry.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereby substituted for and charged in lieu of the said Duties chargeable under the said several Acts, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be assessed, leyie"* charged, raised, levied, collected and applied under the Rules, Regulations, Provisioms, D ire & ion 8 and Exemptions contained in the several Acts in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and in like manner as the several Duties thereby granted, and by this A<5 discontinued and suspended, are thereby directed to be charged, raised, levied, collected and applied, except as herein is otherwise provided; and the said Duties hereby substituted for and charged in lieu of the said Duties chargeable under the said several Acts, shall be consolidated with and deemed a Part of the said other Duties of A fie fled Taxes to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Duties hereby imposed had been granted under the said several Acts.

IX.'And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties hereby imposed {the joeceflary Rates carried to Charges of ratling and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid, together with the Consolidated said other Duties, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westrmnjler, to the Account nf Aflofied Fund*

Taxes, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain*

X. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for 55 C. 3. c. 185.

repealing the Stamp Office Duties on Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold and Silver Plate, Slags Coaches and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof it was enacted, that from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight § XI*

hundred and sixteen, all such Parts of any Act or Acts of Parliament as authorized the Commifikmers of

Hackney Coaches to license any Hackney Coaches to be used as Stage Coaches, and as exempted the Owners of Hackney Coaches already so licensed from taking out Licences from the Commissioners of

Stamps and from the Payment of the Mileage Duties on Stage Coaches, should be repealed, and that the

Owners of Hackney Coaches then employed as Stage Coaches should be liable to take out Licences from the Commissioners of Stamps, and be fubied to such and the fame Duties as the Owners of any other Stage

Coaches: And Whereas the Owners of Hackney Coaches were, before the said Act# exempted from certain

Assessed Taxes in respect thereof, which Exemption ceased from the said Twenty fifth Day of March;

and it is expedient that they should not he charged with such Assessed Taxes in respect of the Period be-

tween the said Twenty fifth Day of March and the Sixth Day of April following Be it therefore further enacted, That all Owners of Hackney Coaches used as Stage Coaches, who have taken out Licences for the Hackney fame from the Commissioners of Stamps, shall not be charged or chargeable in the current Year ending on the Coach*, Ikenfed Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, with any assessed Tax or Taxes from which they were exempted prior to the patting of the said Act, on account of their having kept and used their said of Af-Coaches as Stage Coaches in the Interval between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Sixth Day of sessed Ta*e* for April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and that they shall be freed and discharged from the Obligation, the Current imposed by the Acts relating to the Assessed Taxes, of delivering to the Assessors thereof Lifts or Notices of Year* their said Coaches as having been kept and used by them as aforesaid, prior to the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or any other Lifts or Notices of their keeping and using such Coaches in the manner aforesaid, than they would have been obliged to do in case they had begun to keep and use the fame on the Day after the passing of this Act; and that they shall be indemnified from all Penalties (if any) indemnified which they may have incurred in consequence of their not having delivered any such Lifts or Notices a6 from Penalties, aforesaid prior to the passing of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, a certain Act passed in the

Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act to grata certain Allowances out of the 46 G. 3. c. 84. Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children; and also a certain other Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present 520.3.0.147. Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Allowances granted out of the Duties of AJfeJfed Taxes to Persons granting Allowr-in respect of the Number of their Children, by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, ances of Duty in and for extending the Limitation mentioned in the said Act tn proportion to the Increase of the said Duties., chSdren° re-shall be and the lame are hereby respectively repealed. pealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, amended Act may be

or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. altered, 'fee.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

[2ad June 1816: ]

WHEREAS there have been and are divers Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, who have served 4 W His Majesty in the late Wars by Sea and Land, fame of whom are Men that used Trades, others that were Apprentices to Trades who have not served out their times, and others who, by their own Industry, have made themselves apt and fit for Trades; many of whom, the Ware being now ended, would wiliingly employ themselves in those Trades which they were formerly accu domed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make life of for getting their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be hindered from exercising those Trades in certain Cities and Corporations, and other Places within tins Kingdom,

because

gii

Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, who have been employed iu The King's Service (ince June 22, 1802, and have not since deferred, and also the Wives and Children of such, may set up and exercise Trades in any Part of this Kingdom, and shall uot be liable to be removed from thence to their last legal Place of Settlement, until they become actually chargeable to the Parish; and if sued, upon pleading the General I (Tue, they shall be acquitted, and be paid Double Costs of Suit. When any Two Justices shall summon such Persons to give Evidence at to the Place of Settlement, they shall make Oath accordingly. Attested Copy of Oath given them.

Proviso for Militia Men and Fencibles who have served Five Years. Proviso for the Two Universl-ties.

*$ Car. a. c. s §1. in part repealed.

C. 67, 68. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

because of certain Bye Laws and Customs of those Places for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, as have been at any time employed in the Service of His Majesty since the Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and have not since deserted the said Service, and also the Wives and Children of such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, may set up and exercise such Trades as they are apt and able for in any City, Town or Place within this Kingdom, without any Let, Suit or Molestation of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by Reason of the using of such Trade, nor shall such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers or Marines, or their Wives or Children, during the time they shall exercise such Trades, be removable from such respective Place or Places, to his, her or their last legal Place of Settlement by virtue of any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place; and if any such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or any Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, shall be sued, impleaded or indicted in any Court whatsoever within this Kingdom for using or exercising any such Trades as aforesaid, then the said Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, making it appear to the fame Court where they are so sued, impleaded or indicted, that they have served His Majesty as aforesaid, or that he, she or they is or are the Wife or Wives, Child or Children of such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, who shall have so served His Majesty, shall, upon the General Issue pleaded, be found not guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information or indictment exhibited against them 5 and such Person or Persons who, notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute the said Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information or indictment, and shall have a Verdict passed against him or them, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue his or their said Suit, shall pay unto such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine respectively, Double Costs of Suit, to be recovered as any other Costs at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Jurors before whom any such Suit, Information or indictment shall be brought, and all other Persons whatsoever, are to take Notice of this present Act, and shall conform themselves thereto; any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Custom or Provision to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place where any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall set up and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause such Mariner, Soldier or Marine, to be summoned before them in the City, Town or Place where such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall set up and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his last legal Settlement, which Oath the find Justices are hereby empowered to administer, and such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, is hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly 5 and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before them to the Person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required; which attested Copy shall at any time be admitted as Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly tak^n being produced by him, or by any other Person on his behalf, such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of his Examination, if required.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every Part thereof, shall extend to all Officers and Soldiers who have personally served in the Militia, or any of the Fencible Regiments, from the said Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, for the Term of Five Years, and have been honourably discharged.

IV. Provided always, That this Act shall not be in anywise prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them, or extend to give Liberty to any Person to set up the Trade of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine or other Liquors within the said Universities, without Licence first had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the fame respectively.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to provide for a New Silver Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm.

[2ad June 1816.]

WHEREAS the Silver Coins of the Realm have, by long Use and other Circumstances, become greatly < diminished in Number and deteriorated in Value, so as not to be sufficient for the Payments required

in Dealings under the Value of the Current Gold Coins, by Reason whereof a great Quantity of Light

and Counterfeit Silver Coin and Foreign Coin has been introduced into Circulation within this Realm; and the Evils resulting therefrom can only be remedied by a new Coinage of Silver Money, to be made and

issued under proper Regulations for maintaining its Value and preferring the Came in Circulation; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for encouraging of Coinage9 and also so much of11 and every other Act and Acts as provide and enact that whatsoever Person or Persons, Native or Foreigner,

Alien

56 GEORGII III.

C. 68. 9*3

Alien of Stranger, should bring any Foreign Coin, Plate or Bullion of Silver, in mass, molten or alloyed, or any Sort or Manufacture of Silver, into His Majesty's Mint or Mints within the Kingdom of England, to be there melted down and coined into the Current Coins of this Kingdom, should have the fame there allayed, melted down and coined with all convenient Speed, without any Defalcation, Diminution or Charge for the Assaying, Coinage or Waste in Coinage, so as that for every Pound Troy of Sterling or Standard Silver that should be brought in and delivered by him or them to be assayed, melted down and coined as aforesaid, there should be delivered out to him or them respectively, a Pound Troy of the Current Coins of this Kingdom, of Sterling or Standard Silver, and so proportionally for a greater or lesser Weight, or more or less, in Proportion to the Excess or Deficiency in Fineness of any such Bullion, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years- of the 7 & 8 W. 3. Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for remedying the til State of the Coin c. i- §2 ia of the Kingdom; and also so much of all and every other Act and Acts as declare, enact or provide, that the andothfJ Weight and Fineness prescribed by any Indenture theretofore made with His Majesty's Matter and Worker taent^nejr^ for making of Silver Monies at the Tower of London, shall be and remain to be the Standard of and for the lawful Silver Coin of the Kingdom; and also so much of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of His 14 G. 3. 0.42* present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin of this Realm from §in P*1* foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sums as reP€aled* enacts that any Silver Coin of the Realm, less in Weight than after the Rate of Sixty two Shillings for every Pound Troy, shall be forfeited; and of any Act or Acts for reviving or continuing or making perpetual the Provisions of the said last recited Act in this respect, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

III. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 38 G. 3. c. 59.

4. An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine9 an § repealed.

4 A3 pqfled in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of nit present Majesty, Chapter forty two; videlicet, on the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and seventy four, intituled ' An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin of this Realm from foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sums and to suspend the coining of Silvery after reciting that His Majesty had appointed a Committee of His Privy Council to take into Consideration the State of the Coin of this Kingdom, and the present Establishment and Constitution of His Majesty's Mint, and that Inconvenience might arise from any Coinage of Silver until such Regulations might be framed as should appear necessary, and that from the then low Price of Silver Bullion, owing to temporary Circomstances, a small Quantity of Silver Bullion had been brought to the Mint to be coined, and that there wat reason to suppose that a dill further Quantity might be brought, and that it was therefore necessary to suspend the Coinage of Silver for the present, it was enacted, that from and after the passing of the said Act, no Silver Bullion should be coined at the Mint, nor should anp Silver Coin that might have been ooined there be delivered*

any Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And whereas Regulations with respect to a Coinage of Silver cannot be carried into Effect by reason of the said Enactment in the said last recited Act 5* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said last recited Act as enacts that no Silver Bullion shall be coined at the Mint, and that no Silver Coin that may have been coined there shall be delivered, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for The Pound His Majesty's Mader and Worker of the Mint, at His Majesty's Mint in London, to coin or cause to be coioed Troy of Stand-aay Silver Bullion, which, at any time before or after the passing of this Act, shall have been or shall be EjJ^Ounces brought to or delivered or deposited at the said Mint, into Silver Coins of a Standard and Fineness of Eleven Two Penny-Ounces Two Pennyweights of fine Silver, and Eighteen Pennyweights of Alloy in the Pound Troy, and in weights fine, &c. Weight after the Rate of Sixty six Shillings to every Pound Troy, whether the fame be coined in Crowns, may be coined Halt Crowns, Shillings or Sixpences, or Pieces of a lower Denomination; any thing in any Act or Acts of il?t?rsixty Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, immediately before the passing of this Act, or sh, Ujn§8-

any thing in any Indenture with His Majesty's Mader or Worker of the said Mint for the time being, or any Law, Usage or Cudom whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Days and during such Period of time as shall be Old Silver Coin named and appointed in and by any Proclamation or Proclamations which shall be made and issued for that of the Realm Purpose, by or on behalf of His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to bring and deliver into the said Mint any Silver Coin of this cJhangeYfor its

Realm heretofore coined and current, which shall by any Officer or Officers of the Mint to be appointed for fuu nominal

that Purpose by the Mader of the said Mint, be judged and deemed to be such Silver Coin of the Realm; Value in new

and that there shall be delivered out from the said Mint, to every Person bringing in and delivering such Old SiIver Co, rt>

Silver Coin a Sum in New Silver Coins, of Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings and Sixpences, to be coined pursuant to the Directions of this Act, equal to the Amount of the Silver Coins so brought in and delivered as

aforesaid, according to the respective Denominations of such Silver Coins; so that every such Person shall have and receive a Sum of Money equal in its Denomination in the New Silver Coinage, to the Sam for which the Old Silver Coin brought in shall have passed, according to the Denomination thereof; and all such Old

Silver Coin so to be brought and delivered into and received at the said Mint, shall from time to time be melted

down and coined into New Silver Coins of this Realm, according to the Directions of this Act respecting

Money to be coined from any Silver Bullioo brought into or deposited at the said Mist in manner aforesaid.

56 Gao. HI. 6 A VI. Pro

914

Treasury may appoint Personi to receive Old Silver Coin, and exchange fame for new, at any Places] throughout the kingdom.

After the End of the Period appointed for receiving Old Coin of the Realm fit the Mint, all Old Coin deficient in Value may be cut by the Person to whom it shall be tendered.

Evidence on Oath.

Proviso for Loss arising from Deficiency and Recoinage of Silver Coin.

After a Day to be appointed by Proclamation, Silver Coin and Bullion may be brought to the Mint, to be coined at the Rate of Sixty six Shillings per Pound Troy of Standard Silver, Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights fine, &c.;

of which Sixty two Shillings per Pound shall be delivered to the Party bringing in the Bullion, and Four Shillings

C. 68. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That during the Period mentioned in any such Proclamation or Proclamatiori3, it shall and may be lawful for the Lora High Treasurer, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to appoint any Number of Persons at any Place or Places throughout the United Kingdom, for the Purpose of receiving all such Old Current Silver Coin of the Kingdom, as shall appear to any Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the Mailer of the Mint for the Purpose of inspecting the fame, to be such Old Current Silver Coin, and for exchanging the fame for New Silver Coin, according to their respective Denominations in manner aforesaid; and that such Persons shall give such Security, and shall render such Account, and shall be subject to, and shall obey all such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Directions, as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall in that behalf order and direct; and that all such Old Current Silver Coin, so to be received by any such Person so to be appointed, shall be transmitted in such manner and at such times as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct, to His Majesty's Mint in London, there to be melted down and coined in manner aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of the Period to be mentioned in any such Proclamation or Proclamations as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, and all Persons are hereby authorized and required, to cut, break or deface, or cause to be cut, broken or defaced, any Piece or Pieces of Old Silver Coin of this Realm current at any time before the passing of this Act, which shall be tendered to them or any of them in Payment, and which shall be of less Value Uian the Denomination thereof shall import, and the Person tendering the same shall bear the Loss; but if any such Piece so cut, broken or defaced, shall appear to be of the full Value which its Denomination shall import, the Person who shall cut, break or deface the fame, shall and he is hereby required to take and receive the faing at the Rate it was coined for $ and if any Question or Dispute shall arise whether the Piece so cut be of less Value than its Denomination shall import, such Question or Dispute shall be heard and finally determined by the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer of any City or Town Corporate where such Tender shall be made; and if such Tender shall be made out of any City or Town Corporate, then by some Justice of the Peace of the County inhabiting or being near the Place where such Tender shall be made; and the said Mayor or other Chief Officer ana Justice of the Peace respectively, shall have full Power and Authority to summon any Person or Persons to appear and give Evidence before him or them, and to administer an Oath, as he shall see convenient to any Person, for determining any Questions relating to the Value and lawful Currency of any such Piece of Coin.

VIII. And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Loss arising from the Deficiency and Recoinage of the Silver Coin of the Realm Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to issue and apply or cause to be issued and applied, from time to time as they shall see Occasion, such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum ot Five hundred thousand Pounds, out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, as shall appear to be the Amount of any such Deficiency or Deficiencies, according to such Accounts to be from time to time delivered to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, by the Mailer and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall for that Purpose direct and require; and likewise any such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be requisite to defray all Charges and Expences in melting down such deficient Money, and calling the fame into Ingots and allaying the fame; and also to advance such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall see Occasion from time to time, to the Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint for and towards the several Expences to be incurred in and about the Coinage of Silver Coin under this Act; and also to grant a reasonable Reward to such Persons as shall be appointed as aforesaid throughout the Kingdom, for receiving Old Silver Coin and exchanging the fame for New Silver Coin, and to all other Officers, Clerks and Persons employed in and about the several matters relating to this Act; and to discharge all such other incidental Expences as shall occasionally attend the Execution of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Day as shall be named and appointed in and by any Proclamation which shall be made and issued for that Purpose, by or on behalf of His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Native or Foreigner, to bring any Foreign Coin, or any other Coin, or reputed Coin, Plate or Bullion of Silver, in mass, molten or alloyed, or any Sort of Manufacture of Silver, and to deliver the fame at His Majesty's Mint in London, to be there melted down and coined into Current Silver Coins of this Kingdom; and such Silver Coin, Plate, Bullion or Manufacture so brought or delivered, shall be assayed at the Taid Mint, and melted down and coined with all convenient Speed, into Silver Coins of a Standard in Fineness of Eleven Ounces Two Penny Weights of fine Silver, and Eighteen Penny Weights of Alloy in the Pound Troy, and in Weight after the Rate or Sixty six Shillings to every Pound Troy, whether the fame be coined in Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings or Sixpences, or Pieces of a lower Denomination; and that as soon as conveniently may be after any such Silver Coin, Plate, Bullion or Manufacture respectively, so brought to the Mint, shall be melted and assayed, there shall be delivered to the Person bringing in and delivering the fame a Sum in Silver Coins, of Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings or Sixpences, after the Rate of Sixty two Shillings of the Standard Fineness and Weight hereinbefore mentioned, for every Pound Troy of Standard Silver of the Fineness aforesaid, by such Person brought and delivered into the Mint, and so proportion ably for a greater or lesser Weight; and that for the Defalcation or Diminution and for the Charge for the Assaying, Coinage and Waste in Coinage of all such Silver so to be brought to the Mint as aforesaid, there shall and may be retained at the said Mint the Sum of Four Shillings of the Standard and Weight aforesaid, for every Pound Troy of such Standard Silver so brought in and delivered, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Weight, making in the

56° GEORGII III.

C. 68, 915

whole after the Rate of Sixty six Shillings for every Pound Troy of such Standard Silver; any thing in any retained for Act or Act3 in force in Great Britain or Ireland, immediately before the passing of this Act, to the contrary Atoying, Loft in anywise notwithstanding. and Co, n*8c*

X. And be it further enacted, That an Account shall be kept at the Mint of the Amount of all Sums of s"che'p^und Money anting from the Allowance of Four Shillings for every Pound Troy of Silver to be retained at the ap'pUed to°Ex-said Mint, in manner aforesaid; and that all such Sums so retained shall in the first Place be applied in or pence of Coin-towards the Payment of the Expences of the coining of such Silver; and the Surplus thereof (if any) after age, and Surplus the Payment of such Expences, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund. (if any) carried

XI. And Whereas at various times heretofore the Coins of this Realm of Gold and Silver have been equally a legal Tender for Payments to any Amount, and great Inconvenience has arisen from both those a e 4 precious Metals being concurrently the Standard Measure of Value, and equivalent for Property; and it is expedient that the Gold Coin made according to the Indentures of the Mint should henceforth be the foie Standard Measure of Value and legal Tender for Payment, without any Limitation of Amount, and that the Silver Coin should be a legal Tender to a limited Amount only, for the Facility of Exchange and Commerce; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Gold Coin of this Realm Gold Coin de-shall be and shall be considered and is hereby declared to be the only legal Tender for Payments, (except as dared the only herein after provided) within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Gold Coin 'lcnder* shall hold such Weight and Fineness as are prescribed by the present Indenture with His Majesty's Matter and wn-8.?*n(i Worker of the Mint for making Gold Monies at His Majesty's Mint in London, and with such Allowance, Fi^eli of the called the Remedy, as is given to the said Matter by the said Indenture 5 which Weight and Fineness are here- Mint Indenture, by declared to be and shall remain to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, so far at relates to Gold Coins of the Denominations at present in use, and specified in the said Indenture 5 and in case any Gold Coin or Coins of any other Denomination shall hereafter be coined at the said Mint under any future Indenture, such Gold Coin and Coins shall hold the like Standard in Fineness as the Gold Coins of the present Denominations, and shall hold such Weight as shall be proportionate to the Weight of the present Gold Coins, according to the Value for which such Gold Coin or Coins of any new Denomination shall be declared to be current.

XII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Silver Cojn of the Realm should be a legal Tender by Tale,

according to its Denomination, to any Amount not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after such Day as shall be for that Purpose named in any Proclamation, which at any4 3» c*

time after the pasting of this Act shall be made and itiued, by or on behalf of His Majesty, with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council, so much and such Parts of the Act made in the Fourteenth Year of His pre- mentioned, re-sent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin of this Realm from pealed after a Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum, as enacts Day to be or provides or may be construed to enact or provide, that any Tender in Silver Coin of the Realm shall be med" TJie legal to the Amount of Twenty five Pounds, or a Tender for any greater Sum, according to its Value by raa"?on forthat Weight, and also so much of any Act and Acts whereby the said last recited Act is continued, revived or made Purpose. perpetual, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed accordingly: And that from and after such Day No Tender of aa shall be for that Purpose named in any such Proclamation to be made and itiued as aforesaid, no Tender of Silver Coin legal Payment of Money made in the Silver Coin of this Realm, of any Sum exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings k*?01"1o«. at any one time, shall be reputed a Tender in Law, or allowed to be a legal Tender within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, either by Tale or Weight of such Silver Coin or otherwise howsoever 5 any thing in the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts in force immediately before the pasting of this Act, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pasting of this Act, no Person shall by any Current Gold Means, Device, Shift or Contrivance whatsoever, receive or pay for any Gold Coin lawfully current within the Coin-shall« notbe United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any more or less in Value, Benefit, Profit or Advantage, received or paid than the true lawful Value which such Gold Coin doth or shall by its Denomination import; nor shall utter [hanits Value*or receive any Piece or Pieces of Gold Coin of this Realm, at any greater or higher Rate or Value, nor at according to it* any less or lower Rate or Value than the same shall be current for in Payment, according to the Rates and Denomination. Values declared and set upon them pursuant to Law; and that every Person who shall offend herein shall be

deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof convicted by due course of Law, shall suffer Imprisonment for the Term of Six Calendar Months, and shall find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour

for One Year more, to be computed from the End of the said Six Months; and if the same Person shall Second Offence.

afterwards be convicted of the like Offence, such Person shall for such Second Offence suffer One Year* Punishracnt.

Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for One Year more, to be computed from the

End of the said last mentioned Year; and if the same Person shall afterwards offend against this Act, and shall,

by due course of Law be convicted of any subsequent Offence, he or she shall be imprisoned for the Term of Subsequent Of-

Two Years for every such subsequent Offence. fence-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be convicted of receiving or paying anyr Persons con-such Gold Coin contrary to this Act, shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence, the Clerk of the A fuze or v'^d being Clerk of the Peace for the County, City 6r Place where such Conviction was so had, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor or any other Person on His Majesty's behalf, certify such Conviction, for which Certificate Two i»c^e shall ceiC Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and such Certificate being produced in Court, shall be'tjfy former sufficient Proof of such former Conviction. Convitfioa,

6 A*XV. And

C.

916

Indictments not to be traversed.

[Proviso.]

On Prosecution, not uecefTary to prove Money lawful.

All other Acts relating to Silver Coin extended to this Act.

Proviso for Payments in Bank of England Notes.

Proviso for Payments of Revenue in Ireland, in Irish Bank Tokens.

54 O.3. c.t6.

54 O.3. c.»7*

Recited Act continued.

37 G. 3* c*7*

w

C. 68, 69, 70. .56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person against whom any Bill of Indictment shall be found at any Assizes or Sessions of the Peace for any Offence against this Act, shall be entitled to traverse the same to any subsequent Assizes or Sessions; but the Court at which such Bill of Indictment shall be found shall forthwith proceed to try the Person or Persons against whom the same shall be found, unless he, she or they shall shew good cause, to be allowed by the Court, why his, her or their Trial should be postponed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on any Prosecution or Trial of any Offender or Offenders hereafter to be prosecuted or tried for any Offence against this Act, it shall not be necessary to prove that the Gold Coin received or paid or uttered contrary to this Act, is the Current Gold Coin of this Realm, but the same shall be deemed and taken so to be, if received or paid or uttered as such, until the contrary thereof shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Judge, Justice or Court before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be prosecuted or tried.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Act and Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Coin of this Realm, or the clipping, diminishing or counterfeiting of the fame, or respecting any other matters relating thereto, and all Provisions, Proceedings, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishment8 therein contained or directed, not expressly repealed by this Act, and not repugnant or coo-tradidlory to the Enadments and Provisions of this Act, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect; and shall be applied and put in Execution with respect to the Silver Coin to be coined in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and reenadled in this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftnied to extend, to affect, alter or repeal any Clause, matter or thing in any Act or Acts made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament, whereby it is or may be enacted or provided that the Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expressed to be payable to Bearer on Demand (called Bank Notes) shall be received for any Period in any such Act mentioned in Payment of all Sums of Money which are or shall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, and shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers and other Officers of the Revenue authorized to receive the same, if offered to be so paid, fractional Parts of Twenty Shillings only excepted; any thing in this Act before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftnied to extend, to alter or repeal any Clause, matter or thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, whereby it is enacted or provided that all Sums of Money payable in Ireland, for any Part of the Public Revenue there, shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers and other Officers of the Revenue in Ireland authorized to receive the same, in Silver Bank Tokens of the Bank of Ireland, for Thirty Pence, Ten Pence, or Five Pence respectively, which shall be issued during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments in Cash by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if offered to be so paid $ any thing in this Act before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled*V V An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof to continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas another Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to V reQify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament) for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the said first recited Act, as altered by the second recited Act, Should be continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said nrft recited Act, as amended by the said second recited Act, shall be continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to alter and amend several Acts relating to the Redemption of the National Debt of Ireland, and to make further Provision in respect thereof.

[22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS the total Capital of the Debt of Ireland, funded in Ireland in perpetual Redeemable Annuities, existing on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, amounted to the Sum of Five millions eight hundred and twenty nine thousand one hundred and fifty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence: And Whereas by several Acts passed in the Reign of His present Majesty 5 that is to say, an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear} to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to dire8 the Appli«

cation

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 70. 917

cation of additional Funds in case of future Loans to the Hie Purpose; an Act passed in the Forty second 42 G. 3. c. 57.

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend so much of the said recited Act of the Thirty seventh Year as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the fame into Execution 5 and an Act passed in the Fifty fourth 54 G.3.

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasury of Ireland to issue to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt a Sum equal to 0/ir.per Centum on the Amount of Treasury Bills outjlanding in every Tear (a), various Provisions were made for the gradual Reduction of the said Debt existing on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, and of the Public Debt of Ireland since contrafted: And Whereas by virtue of the said several Acts the Sum of Seven millions eight hundred and ninety two thousand five hundred and thirty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence of Funded Capital of the said Debt had on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen been actually purchased by and placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the said National Debt, and which said Sum so purchased by and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, exceeds the total Capital or the Perpetual Redeemable Annuities of the Funded Debt of Ireland funded in Ireland\ existing on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, by the Sum of Two millions sixty three thousand three hundred and seventy three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence, and also produces an Interest or yearly Dividend superior in Amount to the whole annual Charge of the Public Debt of Ireland funded in Ireland in Perpetual Kedeemable Annuities existing on the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven: And Whereas the Public Burthens may at this Period be greatly alleviated, and the whole of the National Debt of Ireland now existing may nevertheless be redeemed within Forty five Years from the Periods of the respective Loans by which the fame was created, and the Reduction thereof may be accelerated, if the Provisions of the said recited Acts were altered and amended in the manner herein after expressed 5* Be it therefore enacted and declared by The King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the Purposes of this Act, an Amount of Public Debt equal to .Ca, pitJ the whole Capital of the Public Debt of Ireland in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities existing on the said March ojf Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, shall be deemed to be satisfied and 1797, deemed discharged; and that so much of the Capital Stock so purchased by and placed to the Account of the said discharged; and Commissioners as aforesaid, and now standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Stock placed to Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, as Parliament by any Act or Acts to be passed for that Pur Commissioners pose shall or may direct, shall be cancelled; and that the Interest or Dividends which shall have been payable forReduction of on such Stock shall thenceforth cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or to be National Debt charged on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and the Money which would have been applicable to the Pay- cancelled, ment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland^ in order Money formerly to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Debt of Ireland by way of Loan, dividends to be-or in any other manner for the Service of the present or any future Year; and that from time to time whenever come part of such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Ireland shall have been purchased by and placed to the Consolidated Account of the said Commissioners as shall be equal to the whole Capital in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities, and shall have produced an Interest or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole annual Charge of each ^ire<^'s to Loan contrafted since the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, ^making fur^ the said Commissioners shall thereupon from time to time certify and declare the same to the Lord High Trea- ther Purchases surer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who shall cause the said Certificate and Declaration of Funded Debt, to be published in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament shall be Certificate pub-then fitting), but if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and whenever any such Certificate and Declaration shall have been so made, published and laid Gazette.*before Parliament as aforesaid, the Amount of Public Debt to which such Certificate and Declaration shall relate, shall from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall be considered to be redeemed by Parliament, and shall from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at such times and in such Proportions as shall be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose in Order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Pubf c Debt of Ireland by way of Loan, or in any other manner, any thing in any Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that Out of any Capital Proviso for Stock to be cancelled as aforesaid there shall always be referred such Sum or Sums as shall produce a yearly Life Annuities. Interest or Dividend adequate to make Provision for the Payment of all Life Annuities which may then be payable out of the Sinking Fund of Ireland, in case no sufficient Reservation of Stock shall at any time theretofore have been made for that Purpose. (a) [53 G. 3. c. 120.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case and whenever any such Capital Stock which Until Stock bo may have been declared to be satisfied and discharged as aforesaid, or any Part of such Capital Stock, shall actually caned-not be actually cancelled in virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for such Purpose, then and and in every such case the Dividends of all such Capital Stock as may not have been cancelled shall in the J^ccoumof meantime and until the same shall be so actually cancelled, continue to be issued at the Receipt of the Ex- ConauffionM* chequer of Ireland, and be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners fur the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of Ireland and shall be applied by them in the Redemption of the National Debt in such and the same manner in all respects as the Dividends of any other Capital Stock standing in their Names are applicable for that Purpose.

918 C. 70, 71.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Commissioners to purchase Public Annuities equal to Debt which existed previous to June 22, 1802, and also redeem subsequent Debts, within tfertain Periods.

Quarterly Sums issued and applied pursuant to recited Acts, till Public Debt shall be paid within 45 Years from its Creation.

51 G. 3.

C. 91.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any such Capital Stock as aforesaid shall never be deemed to be satisfied or discharged or be cancelled by Parliament, in such a manner or to any such Extent as might not leave in the Hands of the said Commissioners a Sum sufficient (together with the other Funds or Sums of Money appropriated to them) to redeem or purchase an Amount of redeemable Public Annuities equal to such Part of the whole of the redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Ireland as existed previous to the Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, within Forty five Years from the said Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and to redeem or purchase an Amount of redeemable Public Annuities equal to such Part thereof as hath been or shall be created subsequent to the said Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two within Forty five Years from the respective Periods of the Creation of such redeemable Public Annuities respectively.

IV. And in order to make more effectual Provision for the Redemption of the Public Debt of Ireland within the Period of Forty five Years from the time of its Creation conformably to the Intent and meaning of the said recited Acts and of this Act 5 Be it further enacted, That all and every the quarterly Sum and Sums which by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, are directed to be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland on account of the Commissioner for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall from time to time continue to be so issued, and shall be applied by the said Commissioners pursuant to the Directions and under and according to the Restrictions and Provisions of the said recited Acts, either in Payment for the Redemption or in the Purchase of the several redeemable Public Annuities of Ireland, until the whole of the Perpetual Redeemable Annuities now or which may hereafter become charged upon the Public Funds of Ireland shall have been completely redeemed or purchased within Forty five Years from the Creation thereof as aforesaid, any thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Composition Rents in Ireland.

[22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dfcbQrging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Composition Rents, which have been growing due in Ireland $ it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and CorpoflH& at any time before the Twenty fifth Day of March,

which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, to prefer his, her or their Petition or Petitions to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in thereby setting forth, that all or some of the

Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, TythesT^f*1* Tenements and Hereditaments, in Irr

land, whereof he, she or they is or are seised, is or are subject of^liable to some certain Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Composition or other Chief Rent payable to His Majesty, KtfHeirs and Successors, which hath not been paid for the Space of Twenty Years next immediately precedin$>ythe Twenty ninth Day of Seftemher in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, in such manner and and containing such Particulars,

4 as in and by the said recited Act is and are prescribed, directed and appoinfc?tf> an<* t^lat Examinations in a summary way it shall appear to the Court of Exchequer that no Quit, CrolEP Composition Kents, or other Rents as aforesaid, hath been paid or accounted for by the Collector of jJ18 Majesty's Revenue out

of such Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Teneing^8

for Recovery of such Rent within the said Twenty Years, the said Court is by the said recited Act authorizJf 4 make an Order that the said Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tyth?^ held

and Hereditaments mentioned in such Petition, and the Persons who from time to tiiv^1^ t^n(j Arrears and enjoyed the fame, should be absolutely freed and discharged of and from all fuchlrf0 bt

due or in Arrear at any time before the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousan? Twenty

and ten 5 but where Proceedings shall have been had for Recovery of such Arrears within the Abbey

Years as aforesaid, and before any such Petition shall be preferred, that then such Lands, timeto

Priory, Monastery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the Persons wh^ the Twenty

Court of Chancery, in addition to Order to be made under recited Act, to direct Auditor General to enquire whether any Proceedings had been taken for Recovery of Rents, and what Cods had been incurred, Sec.

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled^.^ the said Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in addition to the Order wh^, Petition Court of Exchequer is in and by the said recited Act authorized and empowered to make, upon required to or Petitions filed under the Provisions of the said recited Act, such Court shall and is hereby^by a cer-order and direct that the Auditor General or his Deputy shall esquire and certify to the said Court, by or on tain Day to be appointed by the said Court, whether any and what Proceedings had been taken chPeii-behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for Recovery of such Rents, at any time before fkadbew tion or Petitions shall have been preferred as aforesaid, and whether any and what Costs and ExpenceriCopy of incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Recovery of such Rents, a^Javap* which Order shall be served on the Solictor of The King's Rents Ten Days at the least before the pointed for the making of such Certificate, and upon the Return of such Certificate the said Court of or

js hereby authorized and required to make an Order on such Petition or Petitions j and that such Eejfcty

i>c

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C'7l>72>73- 9*9

Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so preferring his or their Petition or Petitions as aforesaid, after such Costs mid by Proceedings shall have been had or taken on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, Petitioners.7 shall in all such cases pay to the Solicitor for His Majesty's Rents all such Costs and Expences as shall on [itch Certificate appear to have been incurred on such Proceedings, the fame being duly ascertained and' taxed by the proper Officers; and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall pay such Costs and Sixpences accordingly, before the said Court of Exchequer shall make any Order on such Petition or Petitions to discharge such Arrears of Quit, Crown or Composition Rents, or other Chief Rents as aforesaid; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Discipline certain Yeomanry Corps, and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland.

[22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an 43 G. 3. c. 121.

S W Act for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Ca

of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Ireland;

Mutt ary Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants ferring in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Uorps oj uavairy or Infantry as receive conjlant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers or Bugle Men serving therein, and receiving

Pay at any Daily or Weekly Rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps;

which Act was to continue and be in force during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with France: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty 54G. 3. C. 178.

fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing so much of the said recited Act as relates

to such Corps in Ireland, the said recited Act was continued until the End of this present Session of Parlia-,

meot, and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued, so far as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign shall be Recited Act, so and continue in force, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps in Ireland, from the time of the relates to passing of this Act until the Expiration of One Year next after the passing of this Act, and from thence until ^here k*80* the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all such Provisions and Regulations in the said re- Udued,

cited Act contained, so fat as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the said Act are applied during War, or during the Continuance of War, or during the Continuance of the War and until Six Months after the Ratification of such Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be in force, as amended by this Act, during the Continuance of the said recited Act as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Lord Lieutenant Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to make such Orders, Rules and Regulations, may make Re-and from time to time to alter the fame, in relation to the Pay, Clothing and Allowances of such Troops and Hat, on*ln rcla* Corps, or any of them, and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts or Orders for the regulating or cuffing and managing such Pay, Clothing or Allowances, or the Issue of any Public Money from His Majesty's Treasury Allowances.

in Ireland\ or from any Fund whatsoever for or on account of any such Pay, Clothing or Allowances, and to require such Proofs or such Affidavits before any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to the said matters, or any of them, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think fit; every such Order, Rule and Regulation, to be notified in the usual manner by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or, in his Absence, by the Under Secretary for the Military Department in the said Chief Secretary's Office.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Entry of any such Order, Rule or Regulation, in the proper Entry of Regul-Book to be kept for that Purpose in the said Military Department of the Chief Secretary's Office, or an ex- ations in Book of amihed Copy of such Entry, shall, in all Courts whatsoever, and on all Trials and Occasions whatsoever, be Mil, taryGe-

n deemed, taken and received as good and sufficient Evidence of such Rule, Order or Regulation, and of the chief'secretary v.jdue and regular Notification thereof. sufficient Evi-

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Justice and Justices of dence.

Peace, and they are hereby required, respectively, to take any Affidavit required to be taken or made by or be- Affidavits r$-ts tfore a Justice or Justices of the Peace by any such Rule, Order or Regulation 5 and if any Person making such Ru, re^ such |eatA.ffidavit shall swear falsely therein, every such Person shall for every such Offence be deemed and adjudged may^taken

{ the-uilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall suffer such Pains, Penalties and Punishment as Persons guilty before any bjgjf wilful and corrupt Perjury shall be then by Law liable to Justice.

>x wh.V- And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Expiration of the Year next Perjury, pon; ?ter Pang thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Continuance of

reby

A t\.

Court,

CAP. LXXIII.

taken Act for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders dealing Property from Mines, before f [22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS the Minerals, and the Timber, Iron and other Materials ttfed in or for the working of Rent^W Mines are much exposed to Depredation: And Whereas great Difficulties have been experienced in foxl^ofecuting to Conviction and bringing to Justice Persons who have stolen such Property, by reason of.

ffacbP

the

V^,

920

What shall be deemed fuflfT-cient Evidence for Conviction.

The Admiralty may authorise Person* to treat with Owners far the Purchase of the Lands herein described.

C. 73, 74. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

' the Rule of Law which at present prevails throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, for setting

forth in Indictments for Larceny the Names of all the Persons who may be the Owners of or are interested

in the Property stolen: And Whereas the Identity of such Property may be ascertained and described as c effectually by averring the fame in such Indictment to be the Property of some one or more of the Partners in such Mining Concerns, and others his or their Partners or Co Adventurers, without naming such other Partners or Co Adventurers* Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it. shall and may be lawful, and shall be deemed sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, for the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders charged in any Indictment with Grand or Petty Larceny for or on account of stealing any Minerals, or any Timber, Iron or other Materials used in or for the working of Mines, being the Personal Property of any Company or Adventurers carrying on the fame, to alledge and aver that the Minerals, Timber, Iron or other Materials so stolen are the Property of some one or more of the Partners or Adventurers in such Mining Concern, and others his or their Partners or Co Adventurers, without naming such other Partners or Co Adventurers 5 and that such Form of describing the Property stolen from such Company or Adventurer* shall be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as valid and effectual in Law as if the fame were averred to be the Property of all the Owners thereof, and as if the Names of all such Owners were particularly and distinctly set forth in such Indictment; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the Purchase of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at Sheemcfs and Chatham, in the County of Kent* for the Use of the Navy.

[24th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be enabled to purchase the Lands, Tenements and

Hereditaments herein after particularly mentioned and described, for the Purpose of the fame being added to or used with and for the Purposes and Service of His Majesty's Dock Yards at Sheerness ana

Chatham respectively; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral, or any Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the time being, from time to time, by any Writing under their Hands, to authorize any Person or Persons to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners, Person or Persons interested, for the absolute Purchase of all that Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground situate and being at a Place called Blue Town, in the Parish of Minfler* in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, bounded on the North by the High Street, including the whole of that Street up to the Boundary Fence of His Majesty's Dock Yard at Sheerness, as far as the Road leading from the said High Street to the Garrison, and in other Part up to the Entrance of the said Road, and the Fronts of Houses and Buildings standing on Ground belonging to His Majesty, lately transferred or given up by the Ordnance to the Navy Department, as far as the East Side of Chapel Street; on the South by the Boundary Ditch of certain Lands or Grounds belonging to or occupied by the Board of Ordnance 5 on the East, by Chapel Street, including all such Foot and other Pavement and Ground on the West Side of that Street, and lies to the Westward of a Line to be drawn parallel to the East Side of the fame Street from the outermost Edge of the Foot Pavement at the South End, to the outermost Edge of the Pavement at the North End, and thence across the High Street to the said Ground and Buildings lately transferred to the Navy Department as aforesaid; on the West, in Part by West Street, including the whole of that Street up to the Boundary Fence of the said Dock Yard, in Part, and in other Part by the Embankment of the River Medway, together with all and singular the Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, and all other Erections and Buildings erected and built on the said Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, or any Part thereof; and also all that Pier or Jetty situate at Sheerness aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of The Sheerness Pier, or Blue Town Pier, and the Toll House thereto belonging, and all Erections and Buildings whatsoever erected and built thereon; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Frelh Marsh Land, containing by Estimation Eighteen Acres and Thirty nine Perches, or thereabouts, be the fame more o* less, with the Two Messuages or Dwelling Houses, and other Erections standing thereon, situate and being in the Parish of Gillingham, in the said County of Kent, bounding to the Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh next herein after mentioned and described, or the Creek or Fleet separating the fame from the said Piece of Fresh Marsh Land, towards the North, to Marsh Lands belonging to His Majesty towards the South, to the other Piece or Parcel of Fresh Marsh Land herein after mentioned and described towards the West, and to the Creek called Saint Mary's Creek towards the East, a9 the fame Premises now are or late were in the Tenure or Occupation of John Bafeden, or his Under Tenants 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of broken Salt Marsh lying and being on the East Side of the said Piece or Parcel of Fresh Marsh hereinbefore mentioned and described, and between it and the said Creek called Saint Mary's Creek; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh Land, containing by Estimation Seven Acres, Two Roods and Three Perches, or thereabouts, be the fame more or less, situate and being in the Parish of Gillingham aforesaid, bounding to the River Medway towards the North, to the Piece or Parcel of Fresh Marsh Land before mentioned and described, or the said Creek or Fleet separating the fame from the said Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh, towards the South, to Land belonging to His Majesty towards the West, and to the said Creek called Saint Mary's Creek, or the Entrance (hereof towards the East, as the fame is now or late was in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Bafeden*

15 or

921

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 74.

or his Under Tenants; and also the said Creek or Fleet between the said Piece or Parcel of FreA Marsh Land, and the said Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh Land hereinbefore mentioned and described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Fresh Marsh Land, containing by Estimation Seven Acres, One Rood and Thirty five Perches, or thereabouts, be the fame more or less, with the Sheds and other Erections thereon, situate and being in the Parish of Gillingham aforesaid, bounding to the said Piece or Parcel of Fresh Marsh Land hereinbefore mentioned and described towards the North and East, and to Lands belonging to His Majesty towards the South and West, as the fame now are or late were in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Bafeden or his Under Tenants; and also all those Twelve several Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, with the Yards,

Gardens, Backsides and Appurtenances to the fame severally belonging or appertaining, situate and being at a Place commonly called Tom-all-alone's (and sometimes called Princeft Street) near the said last mentioned and described Piece or Parcel of Fresh Marsh, and in the Parish of Gillingham aforesaid, as the fame now are or late were in the several Tenures or Occupations of George Hines, Ann Rich Widow, Frances Spencer Widow,

Thomas Hartley, John Flew, Charles Pleasance, Line Purcell, Thomas Claris Thomas Elvy the younger, George Clark, James Clark, and Thomas Macleroy, or by whatsoever other Name or Names, Quantities, Qualities or Descriptions, Abuttals and Boundaries, the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages or Tenements,

Pier or Jetty, and Premises, or any of them, or any Part thereof, may be better called, known or distinguished, and all Ways, Paths, Passages, Fleets, Creeks, Ditches, Banks, Walls, Fences, Easements, Liberties, Privileges and Appurtenances whatsoever to the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Erections, Buildings, Pier or Jetty, and Premises hereinbefore mentioned, every or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof belonging or in any wise appertaining.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Bodies Politic, Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life and Ac. tnd incapa-Tenants in Tail, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies of such of c, tated

Ae Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons interested in any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments afore-

laid, as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Ideots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable

of acting for themselves, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be

seised or possessed of or in anywise interested in any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereinbefore

mentioned or described, or any Part thereof, to contract and agree with such Person or Persons authorized

as aforesaid for the absolute Sale of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and to convey, surrender or

grant the fame unto the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in Trust for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors accordingly, and all Contract* valid.

such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, Grants and Agreements shall be valid and effectual in Law*

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Bodies, or other Persons hereby authorized to con- in default of trait on behalf of themselves or others as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons interested in any of the said .treating. Two' Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing Justices nuy pi* subscribed by such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall have been given to the principal Officer or* Majesty*Officers of any such Body, or to such other Persons hereby authorized to contract on behalf of others, or

interested themselves as aforesaid, or left at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, refuse or decline to treat or agree, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from receiving any such Notice, and from treating or agreeing with such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid or shall refuse to accept such Sum of Money as shall be offered by such Person or Persons, as the Consideration for the absolute Purchase of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid to require Two or more Justices of the Peace, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants (One of whom shall be a Justice of the Peace of the said County of Kent) to put His Majesty's Officers into immediate Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which such Justices or Deputy Lieutenants are hereby required to do, and shall for that Purpose issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals commanding Possession to be so delivered; and shall also issue their Warrant to the Sheriff of the said County of Warrant Kent to summon a Jury, and every such Sheriff for the time being is hereby authorized and required, on Re- ^on Jury ora* ceipt of any and every such Warrant, to summon and return a Jury properly qualified, of the Number of^Twenty four, and in the manner required by the Laws of England, who shall meet at some convenient time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, out of whom a Jury of Twelve shall be drawn, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at WHlminster are drawn by Law in England; mad in case a sufficient Number shall not appear, the said Sheriff shall choose others of the Bye Standers, or no sufficivnt that can speedily be procured, being qualified as aforesaid, and the said Jurymen may be challenged by the Parties on either Side, but not the Array; and the said Justices or Deputy Lieutenants respectively may staniibufc summon Witnesses and adjourn any such Meeting if Jurymen or Witnesses do not attend, and the Jury on bearing any Witnesses and Evidence that may be produced, shall, on their Oaths, (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Witnesses, the said Justices or Deputy Lieutenants respectively are hereby empowered and required to administer, ) find the Compensation to be paid for the absolute Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments. 1

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said High Admiral, or the Commissioners for Parties diflatii-executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or any Person interested therein, shall be dissatisfied

frith the Verdict of any such Jury, it shall be lawful for them or their Attornies to apply to the Court of appi^to Court Exchequer at Westminster, in the Term next after the finding of any such Verdict, and to suggest to the said <>i.Exchequer, Court that they have reason to be dissatisfied with such VerdiA, and forthwith give Notice thereof to the ivhomaydireri said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners, or Party (as the case may be), and thereupon the Proceedings «n Inquifiuon to 56 Gjso. III. 6 B that

92*

be had before the Justices of AC-fixe and Nisi Prius, to a (certain Compen-(atioa.

Verdictt of Jury returned to Court of Exchequer.

Jury also to ascertain the Proportion to be paid to LeiTees, fcc.

Jury on Enquiry before Judge may alter Proportion.

Security for Payment of Cods.

Money belonging to incapacitated Persons how disposed of.

Court of Exchequer cn Application of such Persons for Dif-pofiiion of such Money may give Directions therein.

C. 74. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

that shall have been had and the Verdictt of such Jury shall be returned into the said Court of Exchequer, and if it shall appear to the said Court to be proper, a Suggestion shall be entered on such Proceedings as aforesaid, and a Writ shall thereupon, by Rule of such Court, be directed to the Sheriff of the said County of Kent, to summon either a Common or Special Jury, according to the Application that shall hare been made in that behalf, and as the Court shall allow, and who shall respectively be qualified according to Law to appear before the JufUcea of Assize and Nisi Prius of the said County of Kent, at the next Amzes or Sittings of Nisi Prius, if the same shall not happen sooner than Twenty one Days after such Suggestion, otherwise at the next succeeding Assizes or Sittings, and the Compensation to be paid for the absolute rurchafe of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall at such Assizes or Sittings be ascertained by such Jury in like manner as any Damages may be enquired of upon any Inquisition or Enquiry of Damages by any Jury before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, and the Verdict of such Jury shall be returned to the said Court of Exchequer, and shall be final and conclusive, unless the said Court of Exchequer shall think fit, on any Application made within Four Days after the Commencement of the succeeding Term or Session, to order any new Trial in relation thereto.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Jury impannelled before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrates, or Deputy Lieutenants, or before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, to ascertain the Compensation to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments under this Act, and they are hereby required to ascertain and settle the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation to any Person or Persons having any Interest as Lessees or Tenants for Years at Will, or otherwise, in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation shall be returned on the Verdict: Provided also, that where any such Enquiry before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius shall be had on the Application of any such Lessee or Tenant for Years or at Will, or other Person having any inferior Interest in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, who may have been dissatisfied with the Proportion or Compensation settled by the Jury to be paid in respect of such Interest, it shall not be lawful for the Jury in any such case to alter the Amount of the entire Compensation awarded by any former Verdict to be paid for such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, but only the Proportion thereof to be paid to the Person or Persons having a separate Interest therein; and it shall not be lawful for any Jury, on any Enquiry had before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius as to any such Compensation on the Application of the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to alter the Proportion that shall have been settled by any such former Jury as to any separate Interest in any such Lands or Hereditaments.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court making any such Rule to require that the Party on whose Application the same shall be made shall give such Security a9 mall to such Court seem proper for Payment of Costs, under such Circumstances as shall be specified in any Rule made for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Money shall have been or shall be agreed, or shall have been or shall be found by the Verdict of any Jury to be paid or given for any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereinbefore mentioned and described, belonging to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or absent, or not having the absolute Interest therein, the same shall be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being into the Hands of the Deputy of The King's Remembrancer of His Majesty's said Court of Exchequer for the time being for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons, and the said Deputy Remembrancer is hereby authorized and required to receive and to give a Discharge for the fame, and upon the Receipt thereof to sign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Consideration was received by and paid to him in pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons who shall be named and described in such Certificate, and the said Certificate shall be filed in the said Court of Exchequer, and a true Copy thereof signed by the Deputy Remembrancer of such Court shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the purposes herein after mentioned; and the said Deputy Remembrancer is hereby required upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid to pay the same into the Bank of England; and immediately upon the filing of such Certificate the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be and become veiled in or to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Barons or Judges of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif for the time being respectively, or any Two or more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in a summary way, upon Motion or by Petition for and on behalf of any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money so paid to and received by the said Deputy Remembrancer, or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for paying the said Money, or any Part of the fame, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof, or any Part thereof, to the respective Persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the Principal, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes as the said Lands and Hereditaments so taken flood settled at the time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, or as near as the fame can be done, or otherwise, concerning the disposing of the said Money, or any Part thereof, and the Interest of the fame, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled to and interested in the fame respectively, or for

appoint-

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. ^, 74, 75, 76. 923

appointing any Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposea as the said Court shall think just and reasonable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Removal of any such Deputy Remembrancer aQ Securities, fee. Stocks and Securities vested in him by virtue of this Act shall vest in the Succeeding Deputy Remembrancer veftin

for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned without any Assignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of any Deputy Remembrancer at his beingwithout Death or Removal, and not vested in the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be paid over any Assignment. to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That if in any case The King's Remembrancer shall execute Where no De-the said Office in Person, then and in such case the Several Trusts, Powers and Authorities by this Act Puty Principal vested in the said Deputy Remembrancer and his Successors, shall, during such time as no Deputy Re- £ have lame membrancer shall be appointed, be vested in and be executed by the said King's Remembrancer for the owers* time being.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape

Seed and Cole Seed, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

[24th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs now payable upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seed should be repealed, and that other Duties should be imposed in lieu thereof5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hun- Instead of the dred and sixteen, the Duties of Customs payable by Law upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Duties repealed, Rape Seed and Cole Seed shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the Recovery or ^o^Cde*paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, imported which shall have been incurred at any time before the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and '

sixteen $ and that from and after the said Day, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Last of Rape Seed or New Duty.

Cole Seed imported into the United Kingdom the Sum of Ten Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain Duties under called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time Management of being 5 and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Man- Commissioners agement of the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in«Customs. that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the

Customs and Port Duties in Ireland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected. Duties how paid and recovered in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature are inanaged, afeer- leritd. tained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions,

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for anj Offences whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immedi-itely before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers ami Directions therein contained, shall be in full force and ?ffe& as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and reenacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties in Great Application of Britain, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to Duties.

ime be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminstert under the Head of Consolidated Customs, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and that all the tfonies arising from the said Duties in Ireland, the necessary Charges of raffing and accounting for the fame eing deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to Act may be

ie passed in the present Session of Parliament. altered, See.

CAP. LXXVI.

Ln Act for repealing the several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[24th June 181.6.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several Bounties respectively allowed un the Exportation, from any Part of the United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within the United Kingdom shall be discontinued, and that other Bounties should be granted and allowed in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by 'he King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern-oral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and Bounties new 'terxhe Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Several Bounties on the Exportation, P*yable on Exon* any Part of the United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within the United Kingdom, allowed

6 B 2 under 1

924

pealed, and those described in Table annexed to be paid.

Bounties subject to former Regulations.

Old Bounties on Sugar shipped before July 5, 1816, allowed.

Proviso for Deduction from Bounty on Sugar when exported in any other than a British Vessel by 43 G. 3. C.IX.

S3* '

47 0.3. SeflT. x. c. 19. 14*

Continuance of AO.

Act may be altered, See.

IS 3* c. 57* is-

0: 76, 77. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

under or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall cease, determine and be no longer paid; and that in (lead and in lieu thereof there shall be paid and allowed the several Bounties on such Refined Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom as the same are respectively described and set forth in the Table to this Act annexed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Bounties on Refined Sugar, by this Act granted, shall be paid or allowed in such and the like manner in every Respect, and subject and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures, (except where any Alteration is made by this Act, ) as any Bounties on Refined Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom were paid or allowed before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen*

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several and respective Bounties on anr Sort of Refined Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom, which from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, are by this Act repealed* shall be paid or allowed on any such Sugar which shall be actually shipped for the Purpose of Exportation from any Part of the United Kingdom* on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, notwithstanding such Sugar

may not be exported until after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal the Deduction to be made from the Bounty allowed on Sugar when exported from any Part of the United Kingdom, in any other than a British Vessel owned, navigated and rendered according to Law, as directed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifteenth Day of Jfanuary One thousand eight hundred and four; or by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland until the Twentyfifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

TABLE to which this Act refers.

Bounty on Refined Sugtr called Bastards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, or being ground or powdered Sugar. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lumps duly Additional Bounty oa

refined, or on such Sugar pounded, crafhedor broken; and on Sugar Candy. Double Refined Sugar.

Whatever may be the Average! Price of Brown or Muscovado

3or. the Cwt. 46l. the Cwt. 8l. the Cwt.

Sugar - - J

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Provisions of former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company.

[24th June j 816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

v v An Act to repeal the Provisions of former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea

Company, and to indemnify the said Companyfor the Loft of such Privileges; it is enacted, that there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Goods, Wares and

Merchandizes imported into any Port of the United Kingdom from any Place within the Limits of the foie

and exclusive Trade heretofore granted to the said Company (except Blubber, Train Oil, Head Matter, or«Whale Fins, Seal Skins, and other Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, taken and caught by the

Crews of British and Irish built Ships or Vessels) a Duty of Customs of Two Pounds upon every Hundred

Pounds Value of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, and upon Ships or Vessels according to the Ton-

nage thereof, entering outwards or inwards at any Port within the United Kingdom to or from any Port or ' Place within the Limits of the said foie and exclusive Trade so heretofore granted to the said Company as

aforesaid, a Duty of Customs of One Shilling and Sixpence upon every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or 1 Vessel: And Whereas it is expedient that Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold and Silver should be imported from any Place within the Limits of the foie and exclusive Trade heretofore granted to the said Company

Duty free Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 77, 78. 925

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Bullion and Authority of the same, That so much of the aforesaid Act as imposes or authorizes the raising, levying or Foreign Coin collecting any Duty of Customs upon Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold and Silver imported from any Fort* rt*

or Places therein described, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed accordingly, pea c

II. And Whereas it is also expedient that the said Duty of Two Pounds upon every One hundred Pounds Value should not be levied upon or in respect of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as are warehoused under the Provisions of any A & of Parliament for depositing Goods in Warehouses and thereafter taken out for Exportation Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Duty of Two Duty of al. on Pounds upon every Hundred Pounds Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall not be raised,*7 10°1* levied, collected or paid for or in respect of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize deposited under the Pro- J^hous^'for* visions of the Acts of Parliament for depositing Goods in Warehouses, and which shall thereafter be taken out Exportation, not of the Warehouses for Exportation, and duly exported according to Law, and under such Regulations and to be levied in Restrictions as are applicable to like Goods taken out of Warehouses for Exportation; any thing in the said future: recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by the said recited Act, Blubber, Train Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, Seal Skins, and other Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, taken and caught by the Crews of British and Irish built Ships or Vessels, is excepted from the aforesaid Duty of Two Pounds upon every One hundred Pounds Value on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and it is expedient that the Ships or Vessels importing the Duty of is. 6d.

said Blubber and other Articles should also be excepted from the aforesaid Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence Ton on upon the Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel $' Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence shall not be raised, levied, collected and paid upon the Ton yb U -r* Burthen of Ships or Vessels importing only Blubber, Train Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, Seal Skins and 55 G. 3. c. 57. other Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, taken and caught by the Crews of British and Irish §5. built Ships or Vessels, and no other Cargo as Merchandize 5 any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary to* ri*fei notwithstanding. 10 foture*

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for the better regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and

to prevent Frauds therein.

[24th June 1816."]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate the Laws now in force for regulating and securing of the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in 1reland\ and to prevent Frauds therein, and to amend the fame; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, Two several Acts made in the Irish Acts, Parliament of Ireland, One made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 38 G* 3*aD(1 to secure the Colie8ion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein, and the other 4© G.3. made in the Fortieth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, for amending and continuing the said Act of the an Thirty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and also an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the better regulating and 55 G. 3. c. ill. securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein, shall cease and repealed.

determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed; except so far as the said recited Acts, br any of Exception, them, repeal or repeals any former Act or Acts; and also save and except so far as the said recited Acts, or any of them, relate or relates to the charging, recovering, levying, paying or accounting for any Duties on Paper made in Ireland, or any Arrears of such Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating to the fame, or for making or allowing any Abatement of such Duties which shall or may have been incurred or become due, or to which any Person may have become entitled, or as they or any of them relate or relates to any Drawbacks to which any Person may have become entitled on or before the Commencement of this Act; and that all and every the Regulations and Provisions, Powers and Authorities, contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect for the charging, recovering, levying and paying the said Duties and Arrears thereof, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and (or making or allowing any such Abatement or Drawback as if this Act had not been made: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall Proviso for extend to repeal or affect so much of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, re- 47 0.3. Seffli* cited and referred-to in the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, as makes perpetual an Act passed in the c* §

Forty fifth Year of his said Majesty's Reign relating to paper Hangings printed, painted or stained in /rr-

land: Provided also, that so much of the said Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, relating to Paper Hang-^G.3. c. 106. ings printed, painted or stained in Ireland, and so made perpetual by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh §1 — 5. relating Year aforesaid, shall, save and except as the fame is altered by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled }° Faper Haug-An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, be and remain in full Force and Effect to all Intents and Pur- y I0

poses whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Paper (other than such Brown Paper as is herein after described and Paper of the mentioned) and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers or Hot Preflers Use, or Shearing or Sheathing Paper, First Clafc: or Button Paper or Button Board, shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the First Class; and all such Paper herein described to be of the First Class shall be liable to and shall be chargeable with a Duty of Three pence per Pound Weight avoirdupois thereof, chargeable on Paper made in Irelandt in and by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His 47 G.3. SelCi.

Majesty c. 18.

Sch. (A.) tit. Paper Manufacture.

Of the Second CU&:

Of the Third ChSu

Before Licence granted, Paper Maker tp deliver to Officer of District Account of Mill, Apparatus, Sec,

What to be specified in Account*

Number pointed on Epgines, fcc.

Account registered at Excise Office. Certificate.

Paper Maker to enter into Bond.

Licence toex-press Number of Engines kept. Using Engine or Utensil before delivering Account to Officer.

[Penalty.]

Neglecting to mark the Number j or giving

C. 78.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes and Drawbacks, and shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Par-poses to be Paper of the l)escription therein charged with the said Duty of Three pence per Pound; and that all Brown Paper made of Old Ropes or Cordage only or of Old Ropes or Cordage mixed with refuse Materials only without washing or whitening the fame, or any of them, and without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, or from any of them; and all Button Paper or Button Board shall be respectively denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Second Class, and shall be liable to and chargeable with the Duty of One Penny per Pound, mentioned in the said last recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, and shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes respectively to be Paper of the Description therein charged with the said Duty of One Penny per Pound; and that all Pasteboard, Millboard and Scaleboard, and Paper commonly called by the Name of She&ting or Sheathing Paper, and all Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Pressers Use, shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Third Class, and such Pasteboard, Millboard and Scaleboard, and Sheating or Sheathing Paper, shall be liable to and chargeable with the Duty of One Pound British Currency for every Hundred Weight mentioned in the said Taft recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid; and such Glazed Paper for Clothiers Und Hot Presser8 shall be liable to and chargeable with the Duty of Five Shillings for every Hundred Weight mentioned in the said last recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid j and that all Paper which shall oe made in Ireland shall be classed and denominated accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland who shall keep a Mill or Mills containing any Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil, or Vessel for making Paper, shall make out, sign and deliver to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which the Mill or Mills of such Person shall be situate, an Account in Writing, to be entered and registered in the Office of Excise of such District, containing his or her Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and the Place or Places where such Mill or Mills shall be situate, and specifying every Mill, and every Work House, Drying House, Store House or other Place belonging or appertaining thereto, and the Situation thereof respectively, and also specifying the Number and Situation of each and every Engine, and of each and every Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel respectively kept in any such Mill or Mills, and the Number of Cubic Feet in every such Engine, computed in manner as in and by this Act is directed; and if any Paper Maker shall keep any Store or Warehouse for the storing or keeping of any Paper, such Store or Warehouse not belonging to his or her Mill, every such Paper Maker shall also specify in such Account every such Store and Warehouse, and the Place where the fame is respectively situated 5 and in such written Account the Person making the same shall distinguish every such Mill, Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place, and every such Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel, by separate Numbers relating to each, in Arithmetical Pro-gression, beginning with Number One 5 and upon some visible Part of every such Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel and upon the Door of every such Mill, Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place, shall paint or cause to be painted with Oil Colour in Black upon tVTute Ground, or White upon Black Ground, and shall keep them so painted in a visible and legible manner, the Number of each such Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, beginning as aforesaid with Number One, and of each such Mill, Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place respectively, in conformity with such Account, beginning in like manner as aforesaid with Number One; and the Collector of Excise or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District shall file or enter and register such Account in the Office of Excise of the District, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registry by giving a Copy thereof, signed by him 5 and before any Licence shall be granted to any Person to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, such Person shall make out, sign and deliver such Account as aforesaid, and such Certificate as aforesaid shall be produced to the Person empowered to grant such Licence*

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons in Ireland, to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, the Person or Persons ryuiring such Licence shall with Two sufficient Sureties execute a Bond to His Majesty in the penal Sum of Three hundred Pounds for each and every Engine intended to be kept by such Person or Persons conditioned to pay all such Sum and Sums of Morley as, by virtue of this Act or any other Act or Acts in force or to be in force in Ireland, such Person shall be chargeable with, and also to pay and satisfy all Penalties to which such Person shall or may become liable under this Act or any other Act or Acts to be in force, relating to the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and in every such Licence shall be expressed the Number of Engines intended to be kept by such Person or Persons.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall make any Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, or shall make use of any Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, or any Mill, Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place, for the making, drying or keeping of any Paper whatever, before such Person shall have made out, signed and delivered such Account as aforesaid, or shall omit to paint or cause to be painted in manner hereinbefore directed, or to keep painted in a visible and legible manner upon each such Mill, Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel, Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place respectively, the Number thereof respectively in conformity with such Account, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and that all Paper of every Sort or kiud whatever, which shall be found in any Mill, Warehouse, Work House, Drying House, Store House or other Place of which such Account shall not have been made out, signed and delivered, as is by this Act required, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise in Ireland; and that if any Person shall keep any such Mill or Mills as aforesaid and shall omit to make out, sign and deliver such Account as is by this Act directed,

16

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 78. 9^7

of each and every Engine, Vat, Wet Prefi, Utensil or Vessel, or of the Number of Cubic Feet in each and is a faMe A*-every Engine, or shall make or deliver any false Account of any Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, count, or of the Cubic Feet in any Engine, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to- Penalty.

Sther with each every Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel, whereof no such Account or any falfp ccount shall have been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall make any Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, or Licence to be shall make use of any Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, or any Mill, Work House, Warehouse, Drying taken out before House, Store House or other Place for making, drying or keeping of any Paper whatever, without such Paper.

Person having first had ?nd obtained a Licence according to Law to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, and having the fame in force, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Penalty. Engirte, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel for making Paper, and all Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, and all Materials for making Paper, which shall be found in any Mill for which a Licence in force shall not have been duly granted, or in any Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House, or other Place belonging or appertaining to such Mill, or belonging to any Paper Maker, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Maker shall from time to time intend to alter the Dimen- Notice of Inten-fion of any Engine of which such Account as aforesaid shall have been delivered, or if any Paper Maker shall tion to alter intend to keep or make use of any Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, Wet Press or Wet Presses, in Addition Dimensions of to or in the Stead or Place of any Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, or Wet Press or Wet Prefles, or any , En8"lJ*»or.of Utensil or Vessel, or any Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place of which Nymbtrf* such Account as aforesaid shall have been delivered, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker so to do upon giving Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and also to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Mill of such Paper Maker, and upon an Account being made out, signed and delivered, in manner aforesaid and registered as aforesaid, and specifying the Number of Cubic Feet contained in any such Engine, and also all such other Particulars as are required as aforesaid, Six Days at the lead before such Paper Maker shall make use of any such Engine, Vat or Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, or Work House, Drying House, Store House or other Place; and such Paper Maker shall in such Notice and Account respectively hereby required to be given of such altered or other Engine, Vat or Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, or Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, or other Place, express that the fame is or are, as the cade may be, an altered Engine, and also the Number thereof, or an additional Engine, Vat or Wet Press,

Utensil, or Vessel, or Work House, Drying House, Store House, or other Place, f is or are intended to be kept j. Si* or used in the Place and Stead of a former Engine, Vat or Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, or Work House,

Drying House, Store House, or other Place; and such additional or other Engine, Vat or Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, or Work House, Drying House, Store House or other Place, shall be numbered in manner before directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall, before commencing to work any Engine at Notice before any time after the Commencement of this Act, or at any time within any Year for which such Paper Maker coramcn<ynf or shall be licensed to keep any Mill for the making of Paper, and so in like manner before recommencing to work to^ork^n^e any Engine after any Discontinuance in such Year as herein after provided, give Six Days' Notice in Writing to Conunif-10*to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to the Collector or other Officer in charge of (toners and to the Collection of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Mill of any such Paper Maker, Collector, &c. of difUnguishing each such Engine by the Number and Content thereof, as the fame is described in the Account District, by this Act required to be made out by such Paper Maker, and setting forth the Day and Hour when such Paper Maker intends to commence or recommence so to work any Engine; and any such Paper Maker who Penalty.

shall make any Paper, or shall have any Stuff or Material in Process for making the same into Paper, without

having given such respective Notices in manner by this Act directed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and no other. Day shall be mentioned in any such Notice of Com The Period to

mencement or Recommencement to work any Engine other than the Sixth Day of some Month in the Year; be the Sixth of

and the Officer shall attend at the Day and time which shall be specified in any such Notice of Recommence- Month.

ment, and shall open the Lock and Faffenings of such Engine.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the Content of any Engine of which an Account, Return or Notice Engine exceed, shall have been so given, shall exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Number of Cubic Feet which shall have been Three Cubic mentioned in such Return, Account or Notice, as beirg the Content of such Engine, the Paper Maker in whose Mill such Engine shall be found of such greater Content, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of foiled in Return. Fifty Pounds, and a new and correct Return shall be forthwith given by such Paper Maker; and it shall and Penalty, may be lawful for any Officer of Excise whatever, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of any Month Charge on in-in which it shall have been or shall be discovered that such Engine of such greater Content as aforesaid was £<m.tent

worked or used, to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the Diffrid 0 uc n^inc' in which such Mill shall be situate, of all such Sum or Sums of Money as such Paper Maker would be chargeable with in respect of such incre^fed Content of such Engine, for the Period or Periods from the time mentioned in the previous Notice of the commencing or recommencing the working of such Engine to such Fifth Day of the Month on which it shall have been discovered that such Engine was so worked or used, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Maker, who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable, within Fourteen Days next after such Return shall have been made, or in Default of such Payment, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so Penalty, returned and charged.

928 C. 78. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Officer may enter Mills and take Account of Engines, Sec,

Obstruction.

Penalty. Account of Paper, &c. may be taken by Officer at all times.

Paper Maker for each Engine to pay Monthly after the Rate of xos. for every Cubic Foot of Content.

Officer to make Return of Amount of Monthly Rates, and also of Sorts of Paper made and weighed within the Month, and of Duty thereon. Charge made on Paper Maker in either of those cases.

[Penalty.]

Copy of Return left with Paper Maker.

[Penalty.]

If no Paper weighed within the Month, Commissioners to make an Allowance of Duty chargeable on Engines;

and where Duty chargeable on Quality and

X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise at any time in the Day time to enter into any Mill of any Paper Maker, and to measure and take an Account of each and every Engine, Vat and Wet Press in such Mill; and if any Paper Maker, or his or her Servant, shall not on Demand made by any Officer of Excise at such Mill or at the Dwelling House of such Paper Maker admit such Officer and Officers into such Mill, or shall not permit such Officer and Officers to view, measure and take an Account of all and every such Engines, Vats and Wet Presses as aforesaid 5 or if any Paper Maker shall not on the Demand of any Officer of Excise clear or cause to be cleared all Stuff and Materials out of each and every Engine which such Officer may require so to be cleared in order to enable him to measure the fame, every such Paper Maker shall for every such Neglect or Refusal by him or her, or his or her Servant, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise from time to time and at all times by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Mills, Work Houses, Warehouses, Drying Houses, Store Houses, Rooms or other Places of any Paper Maker, and by Weighing, Tale or otherwise, as to such Officer or Officers shall seem meet, to take an Account of the kinds and Quantities of the Paper, Pasteboard, Mill* board, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which shall be found therein, and to make Returns pursuant to this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Paper Maker in Ireland shall for and in respect of each and every Engine kept or used by such Paper Maker for the making of Paper of any Sort or kind whatsoever, or which shall be employed in preparing any Stuff for making Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, be charged with and shall pay for each and every Calendar Month in the Proportion and at the Rate or Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency for each and every Cubic Foot of the computed Content of each and every such Engine, taken according to the greatest Length, Depth, and Breadth thereof, without any Allowance or Deduction whatever, for or on account of any Peculiarity of Shape or Form of such Engine, or of any Machinery, or other matter or thing which shall or may be contained therein, or on any other Account, and which said Rate or Sum shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable as and for the Duty in respect of the Quality and Weight of such Quantity of Paper as may be produced from any such Engine within each such Month as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Excise in charge of any Paper Mill of any Paper Maker in Ireland shall, within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Month, while any Engine or Engines of any Paper Maker shall be working, or shall be chargeable as working, make Return to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Paper Mill shall be situate, of the Amount of the Monthly Rates or Sums hereby directed to be charged, for the Month ending on such Fifth Day of the Month, in respect of all and every Engine or Engines kept or used by such Paper Maker at any time in each and every such Month, and also of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight of all Sorts of Paper, if any, which shall have been weighed at such Mill, and in the Course of such Month, and of the Duty chargeable thereon, in respect of the Quality and Weight of such Paper; and every such Return shall be a Charge on the Paper Maker to the Amount of the Monthly Rate or Sum payable under this Act in respect of all and every such Engine or Engines, in case there shall not have been any Paper of any Sort whatever weighed at such Mill in such Month, or in case the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of the Pager which shall have been weighed at such Mill in such Month shall be less than the Rate or Sum chargeable as aforesaid for all and every such Engine or Engines for such Month, and every such Paper Maker shall pay the Sum so charged and returned; and in case the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of all Paper of every Class, Denomination and kind specified in such Return as weighed within such Month, shall amount to or exceed the Amount of the Rate or Sum payable in respect of all and every such Engines as aforesaid, or in case any Engine shall not be chargeable in any Month, then the Return of the Officer mall be a Charge on such Paper Maker for the Amount of the Duty so chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of said Paper which shall have been so weighed in any such Month respectively as aforesaid, and such Paper Maker shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, within Three Months after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made; and every such Paper Maker shall, for every Default in Payment of any such Duty, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Sum so returned and charged, and which shall be so payable as aforesaid 5 and every such Officer shall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, with every such Paper Maker, or at such Paper Mill, upon Pain of for^ feiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in so doing.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case in any Month in which any Paper Maker shall have commenced working in any Year, upon such Paper Maker taking out Licence for such Year, there shall not be weighed any Paper in such Month in which such Paper Maker shall have so commenced working, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to make an Allowance of the Duty chargeable in respect of the Engine or Engines of such Paper Maker, chargeable as working in such Month, either out of the Excess Duties chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of any Paper weighed in any Month or Months in which the Duty so chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight shall exceed the Duty chargeable in respect of the Engine or Engines chargeable as working in such Month or Months, or out of the Duties chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of any Paper which shall remain on the Hands of such Paper Maker not weighed or charged with Duty until after the time of such Paper Maker's discontinuing to work: Provided also, that in case in any Month ip which any Paper Maker shall have so commenced working as aforesaid, that the Duty charge-

15 able

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 78.

able in respect of the Quality and Weight of all the Paper weighed in such Month, shall be less than the Duty chargeable in Tefpe& of the Engine or Engines of such Paper Maker chargeable as working in such Month, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them in like manner to make Allowance to such Paper Maker of the Difference between the Duty chargeable in respect of such Engine or Engines, and the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of the Paper weighed in such Month.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Engine, from the Day mentioned in any Notice for commence, ing or recommencing to work, shall be presumed to be kept regularly at work from that Day until the End of the Year for which the Paper Maker shall be licensed, and shall be chargeable and charged accordingly, unless the working of any such Engine shall be discontinued in manner herein after mentioned; that is to (ay, if any such Paper Maker shall at any time be desirous of discontinuing the working or using any Engine or Engines in his or her Paper Mill, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker so to do, provided that such Paper Maker shall give Notice in Writing of such Intention to discontinue such working to the Commissioners of inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collectkm of the District in which such Paper Mill is situate, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of such Paper Mill, Six Days at the lead previous to the Day mentioned therein for discontinuing the fame, distinguisfung each such Engine by the Number and Content thereof respectively, as the same shall have been or ought to have been set forth in the Account required to be made out by such Paper Maker under this Act, ana specifying the Hour of the Day at which such working is so intended to be discontinued: Provided always, that no other Day shall be mentioned in any such Notice for such Discontinuance, except only the Fifth Day of the Month; and that the Hour of the Day to be specified in such Notice shall be some Hour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on such Day; and at the Day and Hour specified in such Notice the Officer in charge of such Paper Mill shall attend and fee that such Engine is no longer at work; and the Officer in charge of the Paper Mill shall not charge the Paper Maker with any Duty, in respect of such Engine so discontinued as aforesaid, for any Month in which the working of such Engine shall be discontinued in manner aforesaid, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That at the time specified in any such Notice of Discontinuance it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and he is hereby required to fallen and lock each and every Engine, the working of which shall be intended to be discontinued, in such manner as the Commissioners of Imand Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall have directed and appointed, or shall direct and appoint; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, from time to time to make and issue such Orders and Directions as they shall think expedient to the several Paper Makers and Officers for the fattening or locking of any Engine, and all and every such Orders and Directions shall be complied with and obeyed by every such Paper Maker and Officer; and if any Paper Maker shall refuse or neglect to comply with or obey any such Orders or Directions which shall have been or shall be made and issued, every such Paper Maker mall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer shall be prevented by any Person at such Mill from fattening and locking any Engine, the working of which shall be so intended to be discontinued, or in case of such Mill being locked, and no Person appearing to give Entrance to such Officer, or if any such Engine shall in any Event not be fattened or locked m manner aforesaid by Default of such Paper Maker, or if at any time subsequent to the time any such Engine shall have been fattened or locked, any such Engine shall be found not f be fattened and locked pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or if any Roller, Plate, Lighter or Brasses shall be found in any such Engine, unless due Notice shall have been given, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, of the Intention of recommencing to work such Engine, every such Paper M?dter shall, in each and every the respective case and cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Paper Maker shall discontinue the working of any Engine, such Paper Maker shall, before the time specified in any Notice for discontinuing the working of the fame, displace and remove or cause to be displaced and removed clear out of each and every such Engine, the Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brasses belonging to such Engine, and shall, if thereto required by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, by an Order issued by them, fend or convey each and every Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brasses, within such time as shall be limited and appointed by such Order, other than and except such as shall be then in use with any Engine of such Paper Maker which shall be then chargeable as working, to the Excise Office of the District in which the Mul of such Paper Maker shall be situate, there to be kept until the same shall be returned to the Propriety thereof, on his or her giving Notice pursuant to this Act of his or her Intention to work such Engine 5 and if any Paper Maker shall not, before the time which shall be so specified in any such Notice, displace and remove, or cause to be displaced and removed in manner aforesaid, every such Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brasses, or shall not fend or convey all and every Roller, Plate, Lighter or Brasses, except as aforesaid, to the Excise Office as aforesaid, within the time which shall be limited and appointed by such Order aforesaid, every such Paper Maker shall for such Default or Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time subsequent to the Day and Hour mentioned in any such Notice of Discontinuance, the Engine, of the discontinuing of the working of which such Notice shall have been given, shall be worked or used in any manner whatsoever in the Process of making of Paper (unless under a Notice of Recommencement of working in manner in this Act mentioned), the Paper Maker in whose Mill the same shall be worked or used shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds* and mall also be charged mud chargeable with all such Sums of Money and Charges as he would have been liable to have been charged

56 6xof III. £ C with

929

Weight shall be less than Duty on Engine, Allowance may also be made.

Notice given of discontinuing to work Engines.

Engines to be (aliened and locked at the time specified for Discontinue ance.

[Penalty.]

OWructing

Officer.

Engines after, wards found not fattened.

\ Sic.

[Penalty.]

Rollers, See. of Engines on dif. continuing work* ing to be removed, and lent to Excise Office, if required.

Paper Maker not removing Roller, See.

[Penalty.]

Working Engine after time mentioned in Notice of Dif. continuance. Penalty.

93° C. 78.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Penalty. Fastenings and

Maker*

Neglect.

[Penalty.]

Return of Duty with under this Act in case no such Notice of Discontinuance had been given in manner aforesaid; and it shall chargeable on and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise whatever, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of anyP^|IfIaJcerMonth in which it shall have been or shall be discovered that such Engine was worked or used contrary thereto, timeof Notice to ma^e a Return to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Mill shall be situated, of all such Sum or Sums of Money as such Paper Maker would be chargeable with for the Period or Periods from the time mentioned in the Notice of the discontinuing the working of such Engine to such Fifth Day of the Month in which it shall have been discovered that such Engine was so worked or used, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Maker who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable within Fourteen Days next after such Return (fiaU have beei-made, or in Default of such Payment shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall from time to time provide such Fastenings Ix>cks to be pro- or Locks and Keys to each and every Engine in his or her Mill, and shall keep the fame in good and vided by Paper (Efficient Order, in such manner as shall be approved of by the Surveyor of Excise in charge of such Mill, or shall pay for such Fastening, Locks and Keys, as shall be provided by such Surveyor; and if any such Pap >er Maker shall neglect to provide, repair or pay for such Fattening, Locks and Keys within Inch tune as shall be required by such Surveyor, every such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

Directions for

XXI. And be it enacted, That all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Sc^eboard, Glazed Paper, Sheating or making up Paper Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board whatsoever, made in Ireland, shall be made up by the Maker Smfo*8' a OF Makers thereof in manner herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, all such Paper when made shall be nmne-Rwmsand* made up into Quires or Half Quires, each such Quire to confitl of Twenty four Sheets, and each Half

Palleboards, &c. Quire to consist of Twelve Sheets; and such Quires or Half Quires shall immediately afterwards be made up into Parcels. into Reams, each such Ream to consist of Twenty such Quires or of Forty such Half Quires; and all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sneathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, shall be immediately made up into Parcels, and such Parcel containing even Dozens - of Sheets, not lets than Twenty four nor more than Seventy two Sheets each Parcel; and all Quires and

Reams of Paper, and all Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall within the meaning of this Act be deemed to consist of such Quantities respectively, and of no other; and if any such Maker of Paper shall neglect so to make up, or shall at any time make up any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board made in Ireland, contrary to the Directions aforesaid, such Maker shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and also all the Paper, Pasteboard, Mill* board, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, made up contrary to the Directions of this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Paper Maker whole Mill or Mills shall be situate in any City or Market Town, or within One Mile thereof respectively, shall give or cause to be given Twenty four Hours* previous Notice in Writing, and every Paper Maker whose Mill or Mills shall be situate in any other Part of Ireland, shall give or cause to be given Forty eight Hours' Notice to the Officer in charge of such Mill or Mills respectively of the particular Day and Hour when any Paper of any Sort, Class or Kind whatever shall be to Pa peri to be be weighed, and the Officer shall attend accordingly 5 and when and so soon as such Officer or Officers shall

produced, and so attend, such Paper Maker, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall produce and bring to such Officer tied up in man- or Officers all the Paper, Pasteboard, MiUboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Board, Sheating or Sheathing Paper,

Button Paper and Button Board respectively, for or in respect whereof the Duty is then intended to be charged^ which Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board shall be brought inclosed or tied up in manuer herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, all such Paper of the First Class and all such Paper of the Second Class shall be inclosed and tied up with a String in several Covers or Wrappers, containing One Ream of Paper each, and not more or less; and all Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively, shall be tied up with a String in such Parcels as aforesaid, and that the different Parts of Inch String shall pass over and across the Ends and Sides of such Ream of Paper of Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively; and in case any Paper Maker shall not at the time mentioned in such Notice produce to such Officer or Officers all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board for or in respect whereof any Duty is then to be charged, such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button raper and Button Boardrespectively, being tied up, and the proper Class and outer the matters by this Act prescribed, marked, written or printed on the Cover or Wrapper of each such Ream of Paper, and on each such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively, according to the Directions of this Act, then every such Notice shall be and the fame in hereby declared to be null and void 5 and every such Paper Maker shall be obliged to give a fresh and like Notice before such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, shall be taken an Account of and charged with Duty; and before nc or (he shall remove, carry or fend away, or suffer to be removed, carried or sent away any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, from the Mill where the same shall be made.

[Penalty.]

Notice when Paper is to be weighed,

ner herein directed.

Directions not complied with, &c.

Notice void.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 78.

f XXIII. And be it further enacted, That on every Cover or Wrapper of any Ream of Paper of the First' Class, or of Paper of the Second Class, before any such Paper shall be brought or produced to any Officer of Excise to be weighed, there shall be marked, written or printed by the Maker thereof, or by his or her Servant in large and legible Characters, and in Words at length, the Name and Surname of such Paper Maker, or in dead of such Name and Surname there shall be marked such Mark or Device as shall be from time to time appointed or approved of by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, for distinguishing such Paper to be the Manufacture of such Maker thereof, and the Words

First Class, " or u Second Class, " dist the Class of Paper inclosed in such Cover or Wrapper, and according to which the Duty in respect of the lame is chargeable; and upon every such Cover or Wrapper shall also be written the Day of the Month and Year denoting the Month and Year in which such Paper shall fcave been made into Reams; and after such Date there shall be written in Figures the true Number of such Ream of Paper according to the Numbers of such Reams of each such Class, such Number to be in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One, according to the Number of Reams of Paper of each Class charged with Duty at each Mill in such Month; and that on each Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, there shall in like manner, before the same shall be produced or brought to the Officer to be weighed, be marked, written or printed in large and legible Characters, and in Words at length, the Name and Surname of the Maker thereof, or instead of such Name and Surname, there shall be marked such Mark or Device as shall be from time to time appointed or approved of by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, for distinguishing such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button ftaper or Button Board, to be the Manufacture of the Maker thereof, and the Description of such Parcel, and whether such Parcel is Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, and the Number of Sheets in each such Parcel, with the Date of the Month ?nd Year in which such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board shall have been made into Parcels; and after such Date there shall be written tn Figures- the true Number of such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according to the Numbers of such Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, such Number to be in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One according to the Number of Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, charged with Duty at each Mill in such Month; and if any Maker of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall neglect to mark and number the said Reams or Parcels in manner herein directed, or to cause the same to be marked and numbered as aforesaid, every such Paper Maker shall for every such Offence forfeit the Bum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at all times to untie and open any Ream or Parcel of Paper having any Class of Paper denominated, marked, written or printed thereon, or on the Wrapper or Cover inclosing the fame, and to take thereout by way of Bample One or more Sheet or Sheets of Paper, not exceeding One Sheet out of each Quire, paying for such Sheet or Sheets of Paper so taken (if demanded) the Market Price thereof; and if any such Officer shall discover in any Ream or Parcel of such Paper any Paper or Papers of a different Class than that which shall be denominated, marked, written or printed thereon, or on the Cover or Wrapper id which such Paper shall be inclosed, then and in such case every such Ream and Parcel respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Paper Maker#in whose Possession the same shall be found shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall and he or she is hereby required, at his or her own Expence, to provide and keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, substantially fixed or erected at his or her Mill or Place where he or she shall make or produce to be charged any Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, or shall keep the fame, or any of them; and also to permit and suffer any Officer or .Officers of Excise to use the fame for the Purpose of ascertaining the respective Weight of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating of Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board; and if any Paper Maker shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, so fixed or erected at such Place or Places aforesaid, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer of Excise to use the fame for the Purpose aforesaid, he or she shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Paper Maker shall provide or make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be provided or made use of, any false, unjust; of igT Sufficient Scales or Weights, or shall practise or cause or procure to be practised any Art, Device or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from or deceived in taking the just and true Weight of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, then and in every such case such Paper Maker shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such false^uniuft or inefficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Excise shall in the weighing and re

weighing of all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, for the Purpose of charging the Duty of Excise thereon, give the Turn obthe Scale in Favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof, shall allow the Paper Maker Two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, upon each and every One hundred Pounds Weight on the Amount of the Weight of such Paper, Paste- 6 C 2 board,

93*1

How Wrapper of Rmm of Paper to be marked and numbered before it is weighed.

Words " First Class, See.

Parcels of Pasteboard, Sec, to be also marked tad1 numbered.

Neglect.

[Penalty.]

Officer may open Reams and take Samples.

Paper found to.be of a different Class.

Forfeiture.

y

Penalty.

Paper Maker tv provide Scales and Weights.

NegieS.

[Penalty.]

False Scales and Weights; or ob-itrudting Officer.

[Penalty.]

Allowance of alb. on eVefjr zoolb. forgivingr the Turn of the Scale*

No Weight left than ilb. to be ufcde

Forfeit of Allowance.

Paper Maker to affiit Officer in weighing Paper.

[Penalty.]

Paper, &c. not to be removed for Hours after being weighed, and to be kept separate;

if co reweighing, it be found to weigh more, Duty to be paid accordingly.

Penalty.'

Officer to (lamp Wrapper, or affix a Label to denote the Duty, and mark other Particulars thereon.

Officer to write his Name on Wrapper.

Penalty. Mper, kc. fb marked to be kept separate from the rest,

C. 78. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

botfrd, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, respectively, so weighed or reweighed, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity*

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no Paper Maker shall, in the weighing or re-weighing of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Papery Button Paper or Button Board, for the Purpose of charging the Duty of Excise thereon, make use of, or caqfe, permit or suffer to be used, any Weight lefa than a Pound Weight, on pain of forfeiting the find Allowance, any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Paper Maker shall, so often as he or she shall be thereunto required by any Officer or Officers of Excise, bring or cause to be brought and put into and taken out of the Scale all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, which such Officer or Officers shall be desirous to weigh or to reweigh; and shall also, at the Request of such Officer or Officers, by himself or herself respectively, and with a sufficient Number of his or her Servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of his, her or their Power, such Officer or Officers in weighing and in reweighing all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, in such manner as such Officer shall think most convenient, on pain of such Paper Maker forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal thereof the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper* Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be removed or conveyed from the Mill or other Place, where the same shall have been so weighed, by any Officer of Excise, for the Purpose of charging the Duty, before the Expiration of Twenty four Hours next after the same shall have been so weighed 5 and every Paper Maker shall from time to time keep all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board respectively, which shall have been so weighed, separate and apart from all other Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, for the Space of Twenty four Hours from the time when the same shall have been lo weighed, to the end that an Inipe&or, Surveyor or other proper Officer of Excise may have an Opportunity to reweigh the fame; and if upon the reweighing of any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, any additional Weight shall be found, such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be liable to and chargeable with the respective Rates and Duties of Excise, by Law imposed, according to such last mentioned Weight j and if any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be removed contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, which shall have been weighed, shall not be kept separate and apart from all other Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board respectively, in manner hereinbefore directed, the raper Maker mall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Officer of Excise attending to charge such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, shall be farisfied that the several Conditions by this Act specified have been fully complied with according to the Directions of this Act, and shall have also ascertained the true Qualities, Quantities and Weights of all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheadng or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively, such Officer shall forthwith stamp or mark each and every Wrapper or Cover inclosing Paper of the First Class, and every Wrapper or Cover inclosing Paper of the Second Class, and every such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, with the proper Stamp or Device, to denote the Duty of Excile imposed for or in respect of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively, duly charged 5 or shall affix to each and every such Ream of Paper, or to any such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, a proper Label to denote the like Duty being lo charged 5 and such Officer shall forthwith also write his Name and Surname on each and every such Wrapper or Cover, and on each and every such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively, together with the Date of the Day, Month and Year on which the Duty was charged for or in respect thereof respectively 5 and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully deface, obliterate or alter any of the respective matters or things hereinbefore prescribed to be denominated, marked, written or printed on the Wrapper or Cover of any Paper, or upon any Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, or any Part thereof, after the respective Stamps, Marks or Labels shall have been put thereon by any Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully deface or obliterate any Impression of any such Stamp or Mark, or shall wilfully deface, obliterate or alter the Name or Surname of any such Officer, or any Part of such Name or Surname, or any such Date or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which shall have been charged and damped, marked and labelled as aforesaid, by any Officer of Excise, shall at all times be kept separate and apart from all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and

13 Button

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 78. 933

Button Board, which shall not have been charged and stamped, marked or labelled by any Officer of Excise; and in their dif-and all Paper which shall have been so marked, stamped or labelled, of One Class, shall also be kept separate and ferent Classes. apart from all other such Paper so marked, stamped or labelled, of any other Class, on Pain that the Paper Maker shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Paper shall be removed from any Mill in any less Quantity Paper not to be

than a Ream, nor any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, But- removed in a ton Paper or Button Board, in any less Quantity than the entire Parcel on which the Duty was charged, upon

Pain of the Paper Maker forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and all Paper which n^Vafteb^rd shall be removing or removed from any Mill in any less Quantity than a Ream, and all Pasteboard, Millboard) left than a Par-Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, which shall be cel; removing or removed in any less Quantity than' such entire Parcel, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by Forfeiture, any O meer or Officers of Excise.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ream of Paper shall be found removing or removed Paper or Paste-

without having thereon the Cover or Wrapper in which such Paper was charged with Duty, or if any Ream removing of Paper or Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, ^JJJ0"

Button Paper or Button Board, shall be found removing or removed without the Impression of the proper Mark, v Stamp or Label, or without the Officer's Name and Surname, together with the Day, Month and Year when

the Duty in respect thereof was charged, or without having the several matters hereinbefore in that behalf jHttscribed, marked, written, printed or fixed on such Cover or Wrapper, containing such Ream of Paper,

6n such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, every such Ream of Paper, and every such Parcel of Pasteboard, Mill* board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, together with the Package or Packages containing the fame respectively, which shall be so found remaining or removed contrary hereto, shall be forfeited, together with the Horses or other Cattle, Carriages, Boats, Forfeiture and Barges, or other Vessels, used in removing or carrying the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer Seizure, or Officers of Excise.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Maker shall remove, carry or fend away, or permit Paper Makers or suffer to be removed, carried or sent away, any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, f«oin

Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, from the Mill in which the same shall be made, until the proper Officer shall have taken an Account thereof, or until such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, has taken the* Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall have been Account, and duly weighed and charged, and stamped, marked or labelled, as by this Act is directed, or without having the weighed and Officer's Name and Surname, together with the Day, Month and Year, when the Duty in respect thereof was tamped the charged being written or printed thereon pursuant to this Act, every such Paper Maker shall for every such Cune»&c* Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

X3tXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed Paper may be or construed to extend to hinder or prevent any Paper Maker from fending such Paper from the Mill where the removed to an-fame shall be made, upon Forty eight Hours' Notice in Writing being previously given to the proper Officer of to

Excise in charge of such Mill, to any other Mill to be (ized or finished fit for Use, in order that such Officer g^ing may attend and take an Account thereof, and provided that such Paper be removed with a proper Certificate from such Officer expressing the Class and Quantity of such Paper; and that when such Paper mall have been so removed to the Mill or Place where the fame is to be sized or made fit for Use, the same shall be at such Mill or Place under the like Directions, as to damping, marking or labelling, and all matters and things, as if such Paper had been finished and sized at the Mill where made, and such Maker shall for the Breach of any of the Subject to Pe-Directions aforesaid, be subject to the like Penalty as he or she would have been subject to if the said Paper had nalties as if not not been removed. removed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That Papers called Specimen Papers shall be furaished to every Paper Specimen Papers Maker by any Officer of Excise, in order that every Officer of Excise visiting the Mill of such Paper Maker to be funitshed may enter on such Specimen Paper his Visit and Visits at such Mill, and of all Notices given of the weighing of on 'Jrhich °ccr any Paper, and of the Quality and different Classes, Denomination and kind of Paper weighed, stamped, marked visits at'ths or labelled, by the Officer, and of all such other matters and things as the Officer or Officers shall think fit, Noticcl^or be directed to make Entries of 5 and every Paper Maker who shall from time to time be furnished with any weighing, &c.; such Specimen Paper shall cause the same to be fixed on a Board conveniently made for that Purpose, and shall Paper Maker to cause such Specimen Paper so fixed to be constantly hung, pasted or put up in some public and conspicuous yPthe Place in such Mill, and shall preserve and keep such Specimen Paper so hung up, parted or put up, in such {*S^ouaVort of manner that any Officer of Excise visiting such Mill may view such Specimen Paper, and make Entries there- t{|c

on; and if any such Paper Maker shall not hang up, post, put up or preserve such Specimen Paper in manner therein directed (unavoidable Accident excepted, the Proof whereof shall lie on such Paper Maker), he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall at any time neglect or omit Returns to be to make a Return pursuant to the Provisions of this Act against any Paper Maker, or shall at any time have made when Recommitted any Error in any Return as aforesaid, by including or charging in such Return a greater or less turns have been Quantity of Paper, or a greater or less Amount of Duty than ought to have been returned or charged by him omitted* against any such Paper Maker according to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for

such Officer, or for any other Officer of Excise, and such Officer is hereby respectively required to make a

Return in case no Return shall have been made, or to rectify such erroneous Return as may have been made, as Erroneous Re-

speedily as may*he convenient, and to report the same to the Commissioners of Excise; and in case of a Return tu* t(Jb*

>. made

Allowances for Overcharges.

Deficiencies to be charged. Cause to be lfcewn.

Penalty for not paying the Surcharge.

Notices not invalidated for warn of Form.

Officer to make Charges from the Books of the Person he succeeded.

Abatement for the time any Engine has been prevented from working.

Commissioners to provide proper Sumps, &c.

Sumps, ftc. altered, renewed, fcc.

Stamps, Stc. now in use to be used,

until altered.

Forging Stamps, &c.

C. 78. s6* GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

made by reason of an Omission in the Officer in charge of the Paper Manufactory of such Paper Maker to make a Return pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, or if it shall appear that the Amount of Duty charged in any erroneous Return as aforesaid against any Paper Maker was greater than the fame ought to have been, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to make an Allowance forthwith to such Paper Maker of the Amount of Duty so overcharged; and if it shall appear that the Amount of Duty charged in any Return against any Paper Maker was less than the fame ought to have been, or in cafer of a. Return made as aforesaid by reason of the Omission of the Officer to make a Return pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to give notice to such Paper Maker of the Amount of the Duty contained in such Return so made as aforesaid, by reason of the Omission of a Return in pursuance of the Provisions of this A A, or of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such erroneous Return; and if such Paper Maker shall not within One Calendar month after such Notice shew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Excise why he should not be charged with and pay the Sum contained in such Return or such Deficiency, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the District within which the Mill of such Paper Maker is situate, of the Amount of such Duty or Deficiency, and the Duty specified in such Return, shall be a Surcharge on such Paper Maker; and if such Paper Maker shall not upon Demand, or within Ten Days next after pay the full Amount of such Duty so surcharged, such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which shall be so returned and surcharged* provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Paper Maker, unless it shall have been made and tho Amount thereof demanded within Nine Calendar months after the Date of the original Return, or after the Expiration of the Ten Days within which the fame ought to have been made.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Notice or Notices for any of the Purposes in this Act mentioned, which shall be given or served by or on behalf of any Paper Maker, upon any of the Persons upon whom the fame ought to be given or served, shall, according to the true Intent and meaning of such Notice or Notices, be taken to be good and effectual as against such Paper Maker, although such Notice or Notices shall not be in the Form, or contain the several Particulars, or shall not be given or served on all the Persons, or within the time or times by this Act directed, prescribed, limited and appointed for giving or serving the fame, and upon the Trial of any Information, or on any other Proceeding relating to or in any manner touching or concerning any such Notice or Notices, it shall not be competent to or for such Paper Maker, or his or her Sureties, to alledge any Imperfection or Defeat in any such Notice or Notices, or in the giving or serving of the fame

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer in charge of the Paper Mill of any Paper Maker, shall be removed from the same, or shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer who shall succeed the Officer who shall be so removed or shall die, to mstfee out and return any Charge against such Paper Maker from the Books and Papers kept and Entries made by such Officer who shall be so removed or shall die, relating to such Paper Mill, and to the State thereof, and every such Charge so made out and returned* from such Books, Papers or Entries, shall be a Charge on such Paper Maker, who shall pay the Duties so charged and returned, under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Penalties, as if such Books, Papers and Entries, were the Books, Papers and Entries of the Officer who shall make such Charge, and as if such Officer had been placed over such Paper Mill at the time such Entries had been made.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when any Paper Maker in Ireland shall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been prevented from working any Engine kept by such Paper Maker during the whole or any Part of any Month for which such Paper Maker (him by Law be chargeable with Duty, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, on Proof on Oath made to their Satisfaction that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable and not owing to any Default or Negligence, to make any proportionate Abatement of any Charge of Duty which shall have been returned against such Paper Maker, for and in respect of the Engine which such Paper Maker shall be so prevented from working.

XLI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, from time to time to provide proper Stamps, Marks, Devices or Labels, for damping or marking all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively, made in Ireland, and they shall cause such Stamps, Marks, Devices or Labels, to be distributed to the respective Officers of Excise, for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Stamps, Marks, Devices or Labels respectively, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to time as the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, shall think fit, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be the proper and lawful Stamps, Marks, Devices and Labels for the Purposes of this Act.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Stamps, Marks, Devices or Labels in use at the time of the passing of this Act for denoting the charging of the Duties payable on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard* Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheeting or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, shall, until the same shall be altered or renewed as aforesaid, continue to be used, and shall be deemed and taken to be the proper and lawful Stamps, Marks, Devices and Labels for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeitedf any Stamp, Mark, Device or Label, provided or directed to be used in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit, forge or resemble the Mark or Impredion of any such Stamp, Mark or Device upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to or used with or upon any Label affixed to any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board,

11 or

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 78. 935

or shall have in his or her Custody any such counterfeit Stamp or Device, knowing the fastie to be cdutiter- Having in Poffeited, or shall have in his or her Custody or Possession, or shall utter, vend or sell any Paper with a counterfeit or session; or ufiag forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device on the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper, or on any forsc«1 Label affixed thereto, or any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing with

Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp counterfeit or Device upon such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Sump. Button Paper or Button Board, or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the same to be counterfeited or forged, or shall upon any Ream or Quantity of Paper which had not been duly entered with the proper Officer ana charged with the Duty of Excise imposed for or in respect of such Paper, knowingly put or place any Or putting Cover or Wrapper having thereon such counterfeited or forged Mark or Impression, or any such counterfeit Wrapper on Label, or shall knowingly wrap or cover any Ream or any Quantity of Paper in any Cover or Wrappfer used PJPer>.before as a Cover or Wrapper to any other Quantity of Paper, or shall knowingly affix, tie up, put, place or &cfC

add any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, having thereon the Impression of any such Stamp or Device or any Label, whether such Stamp, Device or Label shall be true or counterfeited, to any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board which had not been duly entered with the proper Officer and charged with the Duty of Excise imposed for or in respect thereof, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any Duties payable by any Paper Maker shall Collectornwy be unpaid at the time when such Duties are or shall be by Law made due and payable, it shall and may be distrain for Duty lawful for the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such 10 Arrear* Duty shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all or any Paper and Materials for making Paper, of or belonging to such Paper Maker, wherever the fame may be found, and all or any Engines, Vats, Wet Presses or other Utensils for making Paper, in anj Paper Mill or other Place used by any such Paper Maker, and to cause the same to be sold by Safe, public Auction, giving She Days previous Notice thereof; and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Paper Maker, together with the Costs and Expences of such Taking, Distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and Surplus to Paper paid to such Paper Maker or his Representatives: Provided always, that when any of the Articles aforesaid shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker, or his Representatives, at rovl °* any time or times before the time appointed for the Sale thereof, to require the same to be delivered up to him or them, upon his or their paying to the Collector or Officer in charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, together with the Costs and Expences as aforesaid, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the fame may be delivered up accordingly.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all Engines, Vats, Wet Presses and Utensils for making any kind of Paper Engines, &c. and in any Mill, and all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, and Glazed Pa)>er found m Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and all the Materials for making thereof, which shall be found in such Mill, or into whose Hands soever the same shall come, and by whatever Conveyance or Title the same shall be claimed, shall be liable and subject to, and the fame respectively are hereby made chargeable with all Duties in Arrear, and owing by the Paper Maker who used such Mill, or which shall be jn Arrear or owing by such Paper Maker, and shall also be subject and liable to satisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred liable for Duty or which shall be incurred by every such Paper Maker for any Offence against this Act or any Act or Acts and Penalties, in force or to be in force relating to the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Inland; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy such Duties and Penalties on all afed every such Engine, Vat, Wet Press and Utensil, Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Papet, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board and Materials, or any of them, and to use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done, m case such Debtor or Debtors, Offender or Offenders was or were the true Owner or Owners of such Engine, Vat, Wet Press or Utensil, Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or Materials respectively.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any Paper is really and bona jide of or In Questions as belonging to the Class marked, written or printed on the Cover or Wrapper containing the fame, although which

fcch Paper should appear to have been entered or kept in the Officer's Book or Books as being of or belong- p^f 0q owner, ing to such Class, the Proof of such Paper being really and bona Jide of and belonging to the Class marked, written, or printed on the Cover or Wrapper containing the fame, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Paper, and not on the Officer or Officers.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Pape^j paper, &c. Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button; Paper or Button Board, made in Ireland, shall be fraudulently deposited, froudently con-hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Du- ceased. ties imposed thereon, all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Shearing and Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively shall be forfeited, together with the Packages Forfeited, containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and to enable such Of- Search under ficer or Officers to discover such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Warrant of a Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, which may be so hid or concealed, if any Of- Justice* ficer of Excise shall have Cause to suspect that any such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper*

Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be so deported, hid or concealed, then

and in every such case, upon Oath made by such Officer before any Justice of the Peace, Setting forth Oath by Officer.

the Ground of his Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace before whom such Oath

shall

936

Search in what case in Presence of Peace Officer.

Pasteboard, Sec. forfeited.

[Penalty.]

Stock to be shewn to Officer.

False Declaration.

[Penalty.]

Paper, See. found.

Forfeiture.

Seizure.

Stock of Paper left than Quantity which ought, by Stock Account, to be in Possession.

[Penalty.]

Paper found charged with Duty greater in Ftypher and Weight than appears by Stock Account, Paper equal to the In-ereafe forfeited, f Sic.

Stationers not to receive any Paper left than a Hearn properly stamped and marked.

[Penalty.]

Wrappers not to be returned to Paper Makers by Statipner;

but destroyed.

Penalties.

C. 78. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 181S.

shall be made, if he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower any Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night then in the Pre % fence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into every such Place where he or they shall so suspect such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, to be deposited, hid or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, which he or they shall find so hid or concealed, together with the Packages containing the fame; and all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, together with the Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by such Officer of Excite; and the Person or Persons in whole Custody or Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Officer of Excise shall have entered into the Mill, Warehouse, Drying House, Storehouse or other Place belonging to any Paper Maker, such Paper Maker, or some Person employed on behalf of such Paper Maker, shall, on Demand of any such Officer, shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer all the Stock then on Hand of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and shall give or cause to be given to such Officer a Declaration of the fame, that is to say, that the Stock so shewn is all the Stock of Paper, Pasteboard, Scaleboard, Millboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, of or belonging to such Paper Maker; and if such Paper Maker, or some Person on his or her behalf, shall not, on Demand made by any such Officer, forthwith shew or cause to be shewn such Stock, or make such Declaration as aforesaid, or if such Paper Maker, or Person shewing Stock, or making such Declaration, shall make any false or untrue Declaration of such Stock, such Paper Maker shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall upon Search discover any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, belonging to such Paper Maker, which shall not have been duly shewn or declared, then all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board so discovered shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XLIX. And be it father enacted, That in every case where the Stock of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which shall have been damped, and purporting to have been charged with Duty, in the Possession of any Paper Maker, shall be less than the Quantity of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which, by the Stock Account of such Paper Maker kept by the Officer of Excise, ought to be in the Possession of such Paper Maker every such Paper Maker, for every time such Decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Ream of Paper, and for every Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which shall be so deficient.

L. And be it further enacted, That whenever there shall be found in the Mill of any Paper Maker any Ream or Reams of Paper, or any Parcel or Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, damped and purporting to have been charged with Duty greater in Number or Weight than the Number or Weight which, by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Excise, ought to be in the Possession of such Paper Maker, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise to seize, out of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, in the Mill of such Paper Maker, orf Quantity of Paper, Pasteboard, MillDoard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, equal to the Quantity so found increased, and the same shall be forfeited.

LI. And be it enacted, That no Paper Stainer, Stationer or Dealer in Paper, shall receive into his or her Custody or Possession any Paper made in Ireland, which shall not at the time of his or her so receiving the fame be an entire Ream of Paper duly damped and marked for denoting the Duty of Excise imposed thereon to have been charged for or in respect of such Paper, nor without the Officer's Name and Surname, together with the Day, Month and Year when such Duly was charged, nor without the Class directed to be marked, written or printed thereon, at the time of such Duty being charged, or any Paper without such Permit for the Removal thereof as by Law required, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all such Paper which shall be so received by any such Stationer or Dealer m Paper contrary to the Directions of this Act, and all such Paper shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LII. And be it enacted, That if any Stationer or Dealer in Paper, or any other Person, shall restore, return, redeliver or fend, or procure, permit or suffer to be restored, returned, redelivered or sent to any Paper Maker, or to any Mill, Work House, Storehouse, Room or other Place, to any such Paper Maker belonging, or to any other Place or Places whatever, to or for the Use of any Maker of Paper, any Wrapper or Cover which had been before used as a Wrapper or Cover to any Paper, and marked, stamped or labelled with the Mark, Stamp or Label directed by this Act; and if any Stationer or Dealer in Paper shall not upon the opening of any Ream of Paper forthwith destroy or cause to be destroyed the Wrapper or Cover in which such Paper was indofed, or deface or cause to be defaced the Impression of the Mark or Stamp, or the Label put thereon by the Officer of Excise according to the Directions of this Act, and if any stamped, marked or labelled Cover or Wrapper, which had before contained any Paper, shall be found conveying or conveyed, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Stationer or Dealer

in

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 78.

in Paper, or other Person, shall for each and every the respective Offences aforesaid forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Paper Maker shall receive, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be received, restored, returned, redelivered or sent to him or her, or to be kept or deposited at any Mill, Work House, Storehouse, Room or other Place to him or her belonging, or at any other Place to or for his or her Use, any such Wrapper, Cover or Label, which had been before used, every such Paper Maker shall forfeit for every such ^Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every such Wrapper, Cover, Label and all Paper of any Sort or kind which shall or may be conveying or conveyed therein or therewith shall be forfeited, and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and all and every Carriage in which or on which any such Ramped marked Cover, or Wrapper, or Label, which had before contained any Paper, or had been affixed to any Paper, shall be found in the Course of Conveyance, and every Horse or Beast of Burthen attached to any such Carriage, shall be forfeited, and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed to extend to inffi& the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds /or or on account of the not destroying or returning any Wrapper or Cover which shall have been opened, containing therein the fame identical Ream of Paper which was removed, carried or sent away by the Maker thereof, and which shall have been returned to him or her on account of the fame being disliked and re-fused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was sent, or for or on account of the not destroying or returning of any Label affixed to such Wrapper or Cover 5 any thing herein contained to the^ contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Paper Maker to fend or deliver any Ream of Paper, or any Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, out of the Mill or Manufactory of such Paper Maker, without a Permit for the Removal thereof, Signed by the Officer in charge of such Mill or Manufactory, or other Officer authorized in that behalf by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and that every such Permit shall be written or printed in plain legible Characters, and shall contain such Particulars as shall from time to time be directed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, and also the several following Particulars 5 that is to say, the Date and Number of such Permit, and the District from whence issued, and the Place to which such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, therein mentioned, are intended to be carried, and shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, Quality and Denomination of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as the fame is commonly and usually called and known, so intended to be conveyed under such Permit, and shall likewise contain the real Name and Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Paper Maker, and the Situation of his or her Mill or Manufactory, and the real Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place or Places to which such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, as aforesaid, is intended to be sent; and in every such Permit shall be expressed and set forth the Date of the Month and Year when such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, was weighed and charged with Duty by the Officer $ and if any Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be conveying or carrying, or carried or conveyed, from the Mill or Manufactory of any Paper Maker, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, unless the Carrier or Person conveying the fame, or the Person in whole Possession the same shall be, shall, on Demand made by any Officer of Excise, produce a Permit under the Hand of the proper Officer of Excise, authorizing the Removal of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, respectively, and upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture of any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, which shall be found conveying or conveyed without such Permit as aforesaid, the Proof of the Person from and to whom, and the Place from and to which such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, as aforesaid respectively, shall be conveying or conveyed, shall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, and not on the Officer or Person prosecuting such Information 5 and in case any fictitious Name or Names, or the Name of any Person from or to whom such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, as aforesaid, mentioned in any Permit, shall not be intended to be sent, shall be inserted in any Permit or Permits, or in case such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, shall be delivered from or to any other Person or from or at any other Place than from or to the Person or from or at the Place mentioned in the Permit, such Paper, Pasteboard, Scaleboard, Millboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, mentioned in such Permit, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and in every such Permit shall be likewise mentioned some reasonable limited time for such Permit being in force for the Conveyance of the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glared Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid therein mentioned, from one Place to another, and after the Expiration of such limited time such Permit shall not be in force for protecting the Conveyance of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, and the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise j and every such Permit in which there shall be any Erasure, Interlineation pr Alteration, shall be null and void, and she Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper 56 Geo. III. 6 D or

937

Makers receiving Wrappers, &c.

[Penalty.]

Wrapper, &c. seized.

[Proviso.]

And Horses, Carriages, Sec.

Paper, Sec. not to be removed without Permit.

Permit to contain certain Particulars.

Seizure if Permit be not produced.

[Proviso.]

On Trial for Forfeiture, Proof to lie on Claimant.

Fictitious Names or Places inserted in Permit; Expiration of time.

Seizure and Forfeiture.

Time for Permit to be in force.

Erasure, Sec. iu Permit void. Goods forfeited,

938 C. 78.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Request Note for Permit to be stamped, and to contain certain Particulars.

What Evidence shall be given if Permit be loft

Entry or Copy of Permit.

or Button Board conveying or conveyed, for the Protect ion of which any erased, interlined or altered Permit shall be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and no such Permit shall be granted by any Officer, unless a Request Note or Requisition in Writing, duly stamped according to Law, and containing such Particulars as herein after required, shall hawe been delivered by or on behalf of the Party requiring such Permit, and every such Request Note or Requisition shall contain the Name and Surname of the Paper Maker, and Situation of the Mill or Manufactory of the Paper Maker fending such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, and the Name and Surname of the Person to whom intended to be sent, and specifying the Trade, Occupation or Calling of such Person, and also the Place to which such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid is intended to be sent; and such Requisition or Request Note shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, Quantity and Denomination of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheating Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as the fame is commonly and usually called and known, and the Date of the Month and Year the fame was respectively weighed and charged with Duty.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That on Oath made by the Carrier or Person in whose Possession any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, for which a Permit shall have been granted, of the Loss of such Permit, and by the Paper Maker who shall have sent the fame under such Permit, before any Commissioner or Sub Commissioner of Excise, that such Permit was taken out, and was not used or intended to be used to his Knowledge or Belief fraudulently to cover or protett any other Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board whatever, but was taken out for the particular Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, so seized as aforesaid, for want of Permit, in such case the Entry of such Permit in the Books of the proper Officer, or a Copy thereof duly attested, shall be Evidence of such Permit having been taken out, and such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, shall thereupon be restored to the Owner or Proprietor thereof s Time of Permit Provided always, that if the Carriage of any such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed may he enlarged Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, shall be prevented from Notice* being fully performed within the time limited in such Permit by any unavoidable Accident, then on Notice being immediately given by the Owner or Carrier of such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, to any Officer of Excise, and Rest or Stay being made of such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, at or near the Place where such Accident shall happen, the Officer of Excise to whom such Notice shall be given, shall without Delay repair to the Place where such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, shall then be, and if such Officer shall find upon View or Enquiry that such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, were flopped or delayed in their Carriage by Accident, Tndorfedon Per- then such Officer shall thereupon by Indorsement on such Permit enlarge the time for the Carriage of such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, to the Place of their first Destination; and if any Officer of Excise shall wilfully or negligently omit or refuse to do his Duty therein according to the Directions aforesaid, such Officer shall, on Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer granting or renewing any such Permit, to examine upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby authorized to administer, any Person or Persons applying for such Permit, whether the Duty was actually charged or paid for the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board for which such Permit* shall be so demanded, and as to the Identity of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, and to all such matters as shall appear to such Officer or Officers necessary to satisfy him or them that the Duties payable on such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, had been duly charged or paid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person being a Stationer or Dealer in Paper, or a Paper Stainer, livered to Officer or Manufacturer of Paper, to whom any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Ift'er'Arriva hjf* Cheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be sent, shall, within Forty eight Hours Paper, who shall, a^ter Arrival thereof, or after the Expiration of the time limited in such Permit, repair with such Permit on finding Puper*to the Surveyor or Gauger of the Walk in which such Person shall reside, and shall present and deliver the same to such Officer, who shall within Twenty four Hours examine such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, and shall without Fee or Reward, if such Officer shall find that such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, correspond with such Permit, certify on the Back thereof that such Permit was presented to him, and that, having examined the Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively alledged to have been conveyed under such Permit, he found that such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board to correspond the*e«

with,

Officer neglecting*

[Penalty.]

Officer granting or renewing Permit to examine on Oath whether Duty has been paid.

Permit to be de-

to correspond with Permit, certify lime on Back thereof, &c.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 78.

with, and such Officer shall sign and date such Certificate, and shall thereupon redeliver such Permit, with such Certificate indorsed thereon, to the Party, and such Permit, with such Certificate thereon, shall be a Protection for such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board; and if any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board shall be found in the Possession of such Stationer or Dealer in Paper, or Paper Stainer, after the Expiration of such Forty eight Hours respectively as aforesaid from the Arrival of the Goods, or from the Expiration of the time limited in the Permit under which such Goods were conveyed to such Stationer or Dealer in Paper or Paper Stainer, and such Permit, with such Certificate as is thereon herein directed to be indorsed thereon, shall not be produced on Demand of any Officer of Excise, then all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which shall have been so conveyed under such Permit, and which shall be found without such Certificate, which shall be so found, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any such Officer.

LVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time counterfeit or forge any Permit or Let-pass for the Carriage of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or shall counterfeit any Impression, Stamp or Mark, provided or appointed or to be provided or appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties respectively for the time being, or any Three or more of them respectively, to be put to or upon such Permit or Let-pass, or shall make use of any such counterfeit or forged Permit or Let-pass, with such counterfeit Impression, Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeited, such Person or Persons being thereof legally convicted shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Space of Seven Years.

LVIII. And Whereas it is expedient that an Allowance should be made for Paper used in printing Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books and Books of Common Prayer, by The King's Printer in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland for the time being, upon being satisfied that the Duty of Excise shall have been fully paid for any Quantity of Paper of the First Class hereinbefore mentioned used by The King's Printer in Ireland, in the printing of Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books and Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, to pay and allow to such King's Printers, or to the Person or Persons by them respectively authorized to receive the same, a Drawback or Allowance of Three pence per Pound Weight for all such Paper so used as aforesaid, under the Conditions and Regulations herein after mentioned and expressed: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or conllrued to extend to entitle the said King's Printer, or any Person or Persons whatever on his behalf, to any such Drawback or Allowance for or in respedk of any such Paper used in the Printing any such Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books or Books of Common Prayer, unless the said Paper shall have visible in the Substance thereof a Mark, commonly called a Water Mark, of the Date of the present Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixteen in Figures, or of feme subsequent Year of our Lord; nor unless the Manager of the Press of such King's Printer shall, at least Forty eight Hours before any such Paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or cause to be given to the Surveyor of Excise of the District a Notice in Writing of the Intention to print such Paper, specifying in such Notice the Number of Reams or Bundles of such Paper so intended to be printed, and whether the fame is to be printed for Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books or Common Prayer Books, and of what Size the intended Impression or Edition thereof is to consist; nor unless all such Paper shall on or some other Officer of Excise, be produced to such Surveyor or Officer Wrappers in which such Paper was charged with Duty with the Impression Christian and Surname, and the Date of the Charge of the Duty with the CL matters hereinbefore prescribed and directed to be marked, written or printed, remaining on such Covers or Wrappers respectively; nor unless such Chief Manager of the Press of such King's Printer shall provide good and sufficient Scales and Weights, and shall permit and assist such Officer to use the fame for the Purpose of ascertaining the true Quantity and Weight of such Paper; nor unless the .Chief Manager of the Press of such King's Printer shall in like manner, within One Month next after the whole of such Impression or Edition shall have been printed off, dried and finished, give or cause to be given to the Surveyor of Excise of the District Forty eight Hours' Notice in Writing of such Impression or Edition being printed off, dried and finished, and thereupon such Surveyor or some other Officer of Excise shall attend and inspectc, examine and weigh the whole of such Impression or Edition, unbound and in Sheets, and shall thereupon give and deliver to uich Chief Manager of the Press of The King's Printer a Certificate in Writing of his having so done, specifying therein the Name of such Book, together with the Size thereof, and the Number of Copies of which such Impression or Edition consists, and the Weight of the Paper on which the fame is printed; but if such Weight shall exceed the Weight of the Paper actually produced to and taken account of by the proper Officer previous to the printing thereof as aforesaid, then and in such case such Weight, previous to the printing thereof, shall be inserted in such Certificate, and the Allowance shall be made for no greater Quantity or Weight than the Weight specified in such Certificate, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no such Allowances shall be made for or in respect of any such Paper used in the printing any such Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books or Books of Common Prayer, unless the Chief Manager of the Press of such King's Printer shall make and subscribe, on the Back of such Certificate, an Oath in Writing before the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Two or more of them, (which Oath they the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to administejr, ) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made use of in the printing of any such Impression or Edition of the Bible, Testament,

6 D 2 Psalm

the Attendance of such Surveyor inclosed in the original Covers or of the Officer's Stamp, and his afs of such Paper, and the several

939

Permit and Certificate not produced.

Paper, Bcc. forfeited and seized.

Forging, or using forged Permits.

Felony.

Drawback of Duty on Paper used in priming Bibles, &c. by King's Printer in It eland, to be allowed on certain Conditions.

Paper to have Date of Year in the Water Mark.

Notice ef Quantity of Paper printed, &c.

Scales and Weights to he provided.

Notice when Impression printed of E

Officers to attend and inspectr &c. and give Certificate.

Oath to certain Particulars.

94 C. 78.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Paper made in Ireland may be exported from Ireland.

Drawback.

Drawback not allowed unless Officer find Paper inclosed in Wrappers in which fame was charged with Duty, &c.

Books bound or

unbound may be exported.

Exporter m.ikinz Oath that the Duty h is been paid, to entitle to Draw back.

Foreign Paper on Importation to be Aamped.

Stamps to be provided.

Foreign Paper imported in less Qoanti y than a Ream, forfeited. Defacing Stamp denoting the Duty.

[Penalty.]

Psalm Book or Book of Common Prayer, as the case may require, and that such Chief Manager of The King'a Printer believes that all Duty by Law imposed for or in respect of such Paper used in the printing of such Impression or Edition has been fully paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in respect of such Paper or any Part thereof, and that the whole of the Impression or Edition of such Bible, Testament, Psalm Book or Book of Common Prayer, has been printed by The Ring's Printer at hit usual and ordinary Printing House on his or their own Account, under and by virtue of theexclusive Patent, Authority or Privilege belonging to him as such King's Printer, and for his foie and entire Benefit, Profit, Emolument and Advantage.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person to export as Merchandize from Ireland any Paper made in Ireland* upon which Paper all Duties chargeable by Law shall have been duly paid and satisfied, and under, subject and according to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, so far as the fame respectively are applicable thereto, as are enacted by any Act or Acts for obtaining a Drawback on the Exportation of any Article or thing subject to a Duty of Excise 5 and such Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall moreover make Oath that he believes that the Duties of Excise imposed on such Paper in respect of the Quality and Weight thereof, or a Sum or Sums equal in Amount to such Duties, have been fully paid for such Paper, and thereupon a Drawback of the Duty so paid shall be allowed, on the said several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as far as the fame respectively are applicable thereto, shall be in full Force, and shall be and the same are hereby directed to be observed, practised, applied and put in Execution, upon such Exportation of any such Paper, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame respectively had been reenacted in this Act.

LX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed to extend to entitle any Person to any such Drawback for any such Paper, unless the Officer of Excise who shall attend to fee such Paper packed up in order to be exported, shall then find such Paper inclosed in the Cover or Wrapper in which the fame was charged with Duty with the Impression of the Officer's Stamp, and his Name and Surname, with the Date of the Charge of the Duty on such Paper, and the Class thereof, together with the several matters hereinbefore prescribed and directed to be marked, written or printed, remaining on such Cover or Wrapper 5 and that it shall and may be lawful for such Officer who shall attend to fee such Paper packed up as aforesaid, and such Officer is hereby required to take off or to fee taken off all and every the Impressions of the Officer's Stamp or Label from every Ream of such Paper intended to be packed up ia order to be exported before the same shall be so packed.

LXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person to export from Ireland, as Merchandize, any Books, either unbound, or bound with any Materials respectively liable to any Duties of Excise, and for which the Duties of Excise imposed for or in respect thereof have been paid, and such Books being made up or composed of Paper made in Ireland of the First Class, and for all which Paper so to be exported the Duty of Excise shall have been paid, and under, subject and according to such Rules and Regulations, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures as aforesaid, as far as the fame or any of them can or may be applied thereto; and such Exporter or his Clerk or Manager shall, in case such Books shall be to be exported* make Oath that he believes the Duty of Excise hath been fully paid for such Paper, and also that he believes that no Drawback hath been before received by any Person for or in respect of such Paper, or any Part thereof; and in case such Books, bound with any Materials as aforesaid, shall be to be exported, then such Exporter or his Clerk or Manager, shall make further Oath that he believes the several Duties of Excise, by any Act or Acts of Parliament imposed for or in respect of the Materials of which the Binding is composed, have been paid, and that a Drawback, equal to the Duty by Law payable by Weight on Paper of the First, Class, shall be allowed for and in respect of all such Books, under and subject to the said several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions. Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and which Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, so far as the fame respectively can or may be applied to the Exportation of such Books, shall be extended to the fame respectively, as fully and effectually as if the fame respectively had been reenacted in this Act.

LXII. And in order to secure the due Payment of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Foreign Paper, be it enacted, That the Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port or Place where any Foreign Paper shall be imported, shall cause such Paper, whether in a Ream or exceeding a Ream, to be marked, stamped or sealed in such manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties, or any Three or more of them, shall direct; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to provide proper Stamps, Marks or Seals, for marking, stamping or sealing all Foreign Paper imported, to denote the charging the Duties thereon, and the same to cause to be distributed to the proper Officers of the Customs for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, which Officers are hereby required and enjoined to mark, (lamp or seal the fame, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to direct; which Stamps, Marks or Seals to be provided in pursuance of this Act may be altered or renewed from time to time, as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to direct.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Foreign Paper (hidi be imported into Ireland in any left Quantity than a Ream, each such Ream containing Twenty Quires, and each Quire thereof Twenty four Sheets, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties imposed upon Paper, wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced the Stamp, Mark or Seal put by any Officer of the Revenue upon such Foreign Paper, to denote the charging of the Duty on such Paper, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Ream

f 10 or

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 78, 79. 941

Or other Parcel of Paper on which the Stamp, Mark or Seal put by any fuel* Officer shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated or defaced.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or ca*ife to be counterfeited any Forging Stamp?, Stamp, Mark or Seal provided by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in pursuance of this Act, or &c. shall counterfeit, forge or resemble the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp, Mark or Seal upon any Paper, or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any such counterfeit Stamp, Mark or Seal, knowing the Having forged fame to be counterfeited, or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or shall utter, vend or sell any Stamp in Cuf-Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp, Mark or Seal thereon, knowing or feUl.n5 the same to be so counterfeited or forged, or shall, upon any Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper which has^Stamp, not been duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Revenue, and charged with the Duty payable upon the Importation of such Paper, knowingly put or place the Impression of any such counterfeit or forged Stamp, Mark or Seal, or shall knowingly affix upon any Ream or Quantity of such Paper, any Stamp, Mark or Seal which shall have been before affixed, marked, stamped or sealed, upon any other Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper, then and in every such case every such Person so offending therein shall, for every such Of- Peiwlty. fence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That no Paper imported into this Kingdom fit for or capable of being used for Paper imported the Purposes of Writing, Printing or Drawing, shall be entered undei^the Denomination of Card Paper, or entered by Cap Paper, but the same shall be entered by the Pound Weight, and be charged with such Duty as all other Weight,

Papers so to be entered are or shall be subject to 8nd so charged'

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every thing in this Act contained, relating to any Paper or Act to extend to Pasteboard, or to any Paper Maker, shall be deemed and construed to extend, and shall extend to all Paper Faper, fcc.of all of every Sort and kind, and to all Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing ^akers^nd^Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and to every Maker and Manufacturer of every Sort and kind of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed^ Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and that every thing in this Act contained relating to any Paper Mill shall be deemed and construed to extend, and shall extend to every Manufactory and Place in which the making or manufacturing of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be carried on, or in which any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be dried or kept, as fully a3 if such matters and things had been repeated and expressed throughout the Body of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmation Persons taking by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely thereon, any such false Oaths. Person being duly convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, any such Person being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Inabilities as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are Perjury, respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and Recovery of payable in British Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied, in such Penalties in manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such-ur"

Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or For- 4ppj|catK)n. feitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King 14 & 15 Car. a. Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excifr or new Impofi upon His Majesty, his Heirs and (I.)

Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made, in the Forty sixth 46 G. 3. c. 106. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxcs in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and reenacted, with the like Appeal. Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

LXX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of Commence-August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. menl of

LXXI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to Act may be be passed in this present Session of Parliament. altered, &c.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, imported into Great Britain; and for granting.other Duties in lieu thereof.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Rape Seed

Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, into Great Britain, should cease and determine, and that other Duties of Customs should be imposed in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The Bang's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content

942 C. 79, 8o. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Duties imposed on Rape Se d Cakes, cc. by 49 6 3- c. 98. Sch. (A) Inwards, and 53 G 3. e 33-to cease, except Ariears.

New Duties to be paid.

*7 O. 3. c. 13.

Duties how levied.

Application of Duties.

Act msy be altered, See.

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Duties of Customs imposed upon the Importation of Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fines, by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain additional Duties of Customs imported into and exported from Great Britain, shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may on the passing of this Act remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heir9 and Successors, ' upon all Rape Seed Cakes and Linseed Cakes imported into Great Britain, a Duty of Customs of Two pence for every Hundred Weight; and upon all Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and ot Fish, except Whale Fins, so imported, a Duty of Customs of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof; which Value shall be ascertained according to the Declaration to be made by the Owner or Proprietor or his known Agent, in like manner and Form, and under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, and such Goods shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and directed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together vuith the other Duties composing the Public Revenue >. for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Redu8ion' of the National Debt; or by any subsequent Act or Acts relative thereto in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs granted by this Act shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as the Duties oa Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, hereby repealed, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, and the Goods shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures, as such Goods were subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties imposed by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties of Customs imposed on the like Goods, under the Head of Permanent Duties, were directed to be appro* priated and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts t<* be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy at Foreign Stations may gram Certificates of Scores sold by them.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy resident on Foreign Stations to grant Certificates of Stores or Goods, which may be sold by such Officers or Commissioners at such Foreign Stations.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS divers salutary Acts of Parliament have from time to time been passed for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval Stores and Goods, marked as is therein mentioned: And ' Whereas by the said Acts, or some of them, the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy

are authorized to sell and dispose of any of the said Stores or Goods so marked as aforesaid, and to grant

Certificates under their Hands to the Purchasers of such Stores or Goods, as in the said Acts is mentioned:

And Whereas the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy resident on Foreign Stations have frequently occasion to sell and dispose of such Stores or Goods, and the fame may be brought by the Purchasers thereof into this Kingdom; but such Commissioners on Foreign Stations not having the Power to grant Certificates to the Purchasers of such Stores or Goods, of their having purchased the fame, or the Certificates granted by such Commissioners resident on Foreign Stations not being of such and the fame Force and Effect as such like Certificates granted under the Hands of Three or more of the said Commissioners in England are of, the Purchasers and Owners of the said Stores or Goods may be endangered by the Possession thereof in such Parts of His Majesty's Dominions to which the said Statutes extend For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every or any One of the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy resident on any Foreign Station, to grant Certificates under his or their respective Hand or Hands for fcny such Stores or Goods which shall hereafter be sold by or by the Order of any such principal Officer or Commissioner at any such Foreign Station, of such and the fame or the like Tenor and Effect, and that the fame Certificates so to be granted as aforesaid shall be in all Places of such and the fame Force and Effect as Certificates under the Hands of Three or more of the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy in England are of, for any such Stores or Goods sold by or by the Order of the said Commissioners in England.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 81, 82, -83.

943

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to alter the Period during which Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol are to deliver in their Accounts.

[25th June 2816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for discontinuing the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol\ and allowing a Drawback of a Protor* tion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol; it is enacted, that every Manufacturer of Oil of Vitriol, intending to claim any Drawback or Repayment under the above

recited Act shall make an Entry of his Name and Place of Abode with the Collector of the Customs of the

Port within or nearest to which his Work shall be carried on, and shall once in every Month enter in a Book 4 to*be kept for that Purpose an Account of the whole Quantity of Foreign Brimstone used and consumed in

his Manufactory within the preceding Month; and at the End of the Year, to be computed from the Date 4' of such Entry as aforesaid, shall deliver the said Account to the Collector of the Customs with whom he shall have made such Entry as aforesaid: And Whereas it has been found by Experience that Difficulties arise in delivering such Account at the End of the Year Be it therefore enacted by The King'* Most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol to deliver the Account required by the aforesaid recited Act to the Collector of the Customs with whom they shall have made the Entry as required by thp said recited Act, within Six Months after the Expiration of the Year, computed from the Date of the Entry.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be requisite for the Manufacturers of such Oil of Vitriol after the First Entry of his Name and Place of Abode to make any further Entry of the fame unless any Alteration shall take Place in the Firm of such Manufactory, or where more than One Year has been suffered to elapse without raanufacturing any such Oil of Vitriol, any thing in the before recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol shall be entitled to the like Drawback on the like Conditions, and shall be liable to the like Forfeitures for delivering false Accounts, as were provided by the aforesaid recited Act.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to render valid the judicial Acts of Surrogates of Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Office of Judges of such Courts.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is requisite that due Validity should be given to the judicial Acts of Surrogates who have executed the Offices of Judges in the Courts of Vice Admiralty established in His Majesty's

Plantations and Colonies, during Vacancies occasioned by the Deaths or Reugnation or other Removals of the said Judges, or who also shall hereafter execute the fame during such Vacation 5* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all judicial Acts of Surrogates having been appointed to act as Judges during such Vacancies, either by Judges of the said Courts previously to their Removal, or, in Default of such Appointment, by the Governors of the Plantations and Colonies in which such Courts shall be, shall have the fame Force and Validity, and shall be subject to the fame Course of Appeal, as if the said Acts had been done by the Authority of Judges regularly appointed by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for regulating the carrying of Passengers to and from the Island of Newfoundland and Coast of Labrador.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

AS for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the Provisions of the above recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, whereby the Conveyance of Passengers from the United Kingdom to Newfoundland and Labrador is no longer subject to any legal Provisions: And Whereas it is expedient to make special Regulations for the Intercourse between the United Kingdom and the Island of Newfoundland and Coast of r Labrador, so far as regards the Conveyance of Passengers and the providing them with proper Accommodation, and an adequate Supply of Water and Provisions 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That before the failing of any Ship or Vessel from any .Port or Place in the United Kingdom to Newfoundland or the Coast of Labrador, with Passengers, the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, and the Owner or Owners thereof, shall enter into Security by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, witl? Condition that there shall not be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel any more /*ich Passengers than are herein after permitted and allowed; which Bond shall be taken by and

j* 3 deposited

50 G. 3. c. 40.

Accounts to be delivered within Six Months after Expiration

of Year.

In what case nfter First Entry no further Entry necessary.

Acts of Surrogates appointed by Judges or by Governors of Plantations and Colonies, valid.

43 G. 3. c.j6.

44 G. 3. c. 44.

Matter of Vessels to enter into Bond not to take more Paf-

fenters than by Act allowed.

944 C. 83.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

# deposited with the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the Port from which such Ships or Vessels shall fail; and the Matter or other Person, having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel previous to his leaving the said Port, shall and is hereby required to deliver to the said Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port, a List containing the Number of the said Passengers, with their Names, Ages and Descriptions, for the Purpose of being registered at such Port, together with a Copy of the fame, which Copy shall be certified by the said Officers as being correct and true, and deliver to the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel to be by him kept on board the said Vessel, and subject to the Inspection of any of His Majesty's Ships of War or Vessels in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, during hi» On Arrival Copy Voyage to Newfoundland and th? Coast of Labrador; and upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at either r j t^e aforesaid piaces, the said Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of fuchr

Ship or Vessel, shall deliver the aforesaid Copy of the Lift to the Governor of such Place or other Porfoa acting for him, or to the Naval Officer or Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Arrival, or to the nearest Justice of the Peace, who shall be required to examine the Passengers within Twenty four Hours after their Arrival; and no such Passenger as aforesaid shall be allowed to land until such Lilt is compared with the Passengers by the Governor or other Person acting for him, or some Person authorized by either of them for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall take or have on board his "Ship or Vessel, or if the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall engage to take on board more Persons than the Number allowed, they shall respect-Penalty. ively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Person so taken or engaged to be taken on board.

Number of Paf-

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any fengers allowed Ship or Vessel from any Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or from Guernsey and according to Size Jersey, to carry to any Part of Newfoundland or Coast of Labrador a greater Number of Passengers than in of Ship. r, n r>_______ - cu: vJTJ

Lift of Paflen gers delivered to Collector.

of Lift delivered to the Governor.

Landing Passengers.

Tikinj more than Number a lb wed.

Quantity of ProviOoni to be on board.

Master not delivering out Provisions. Penjlty. Abstract of Act exposed in some Part of the Ship.

[Penalty.]

Matters of Vessels returning from Newfoundland, fic. to conform to Regulations.

Vessels returning from Newfoundland, &c. to be furnished with a certain Supply of Water and Privisions.

Not giving out Allowance of Water and Provisions.

[Penalty.]

the following Proportion; that is to say, any British Ship or Vessel having a Second Deck may take Passengers at the Rate of One for every unoccupied Space being Six Feet in Length by Two Feet in Breadth, and being of the full perpendicular Height between the Two Decks; or any British Ship or Vessel which shall have only One Deck over her Hold may take Passengers at the Rate of One for every Space between the Cargo (lowed in the Hold and the Deck, being Six Feet in Length and Two Feet in Breadth, and being the Height of Five Feet perpendicular above the Cargo, and being independent in either case of the Space which may be requisitefor the Stowage of the Water and Provisions and Baggage of the Passengers, and the full Space before mentioned shall accordingly be allotted for the Accommodation of each Passenger so taken on board.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel shall be furnished at the time of her Departure to commence the Voyage, with at lead Ten Weeks' Supply of good and wholesome Water, so as to furnish a Supply of Five Pints of Water per Day for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, and the said Supply of Water shall be (lowed below the Deck; and every such Ship or Vessel shall also be furnished with such a Supply of Provisions as will afford an Allowance for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, during the said Period of Ten Weeks, of One Pound of Bread or Biscuit and One Pound of Beef, or Three Quarters of a Pound of Pork per Day, and also Two Pounds of Flour, Three Pounds of Oatmeal, or Three Pounds of Peas or Pearl Barley, and Half a Pound of Butter, weekly; the weekly Allowance to commence on the Day the Vessel puts to Sea.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, failing to give out the Allowance of Provisions and Water hereinbefore specified, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money for each and every such Neglect and Omission.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Abstract of this Act, dating the Number of Passengers allowed to be taken, and the daily and weekly Allowance of Water and Provisions, shall be exposed in some conspicu-ous Part of the Ship or Vessel to which the said Passengers have Recourse; in failure of which, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, engaging to take on board any such Passengers from Newfoundland or the Coast of Labrador, for the Purpose of returning from thence to the United Kingdom, shall conform to the Regulations above enacted as to the Number of Passengers which it shall be lawful for them to take on board, and shall be liable to the like Penalties for any Breach of such Regulations as are hereinbefore enacted, with respect to Vessels proceeding from the United Kingdom to Newfoundland or the Coast of Labrador.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel returning from Newfoundland or the Coast of Labrador to any Port or Place of the United Kingdom with Passengers as aforesaid, shall be furnished, at the time of her Departure to commence the Voyage, with at lead Seven Weeks' Supply of good and wholesome Water, so as to furnish a Supply of Five Pints of Water per Day for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, and the said Supply of Water shall be (lowed below the Deck; and every such Ship or Vessel shall also be furnished with such a Supply of Provisions as will afford an Allowance for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, during the said Period of Seven Weeks, of One Pound of Bread or Biscuit and One Pound of Beef, or Three Quarters of a Pound of Pork, per Day, and also Two Pounds of Flout, Three Pounds of* Oatmeal, or Three Pounds of Peas or Pearl Barley, and Half a Pound of Butter, weekly; the weekly Allowance to commence on the Day the Vessel puts to Sea.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having taken the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, failing to give out the Allowance of Provisions and Water hereinbefore specified, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money for each and every such Neglect and Omiffton.

X. Am)

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

0.83, 84)85* 945

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Aft not to affe£t Conveyance of Persona employed on the EftaUUhment.

Postmasters General may appoint a Har-. bour Maftqr.

Power of Harbour Mailer.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred under this Act shall and may be recovered in a summary way on the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, County of a City, Riding, Shire or Place in the United Kingdom where such Ship or Vessel shall depart from or come to in or during such Voyage, or in a summary Way in any Surrogate Court or Courts of Session, having Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland; and such last mentioned Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be recovered in Newfoundland shall be paid to the Governor of Newfoundland for the time being, or other Person acting for him, or some Person authorized by either of them for that Purpose; to be applied under the Direction of such Governor or other Person acting for him, or some Person authorized by either of them for that Purpose, for defraying the Passage home of such Persons as ought to be sent to that Country to which they belong.

XI. Provided always, ana be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Conveyance of any Persons on board of any such Ship or Vessel, whether Fishermen,

Youngsters or others, being Hired Servants to be employed on the Establishment of their respective Mailers or Hirers in the Prosecution of the Fisheries carried on from Newfoundland or the Coast of Labrador

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the Island of Anglesea: and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS the Pier within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the Island of Anglesea, has been erected at the Public Expence, chiefly for the Accommodation and safe lying of His Majesty's Packets: And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen, in donsequence of the occasionally crowded State of the Harbour,

and the Want of Regularity in mooring the Vessels therein Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster or Postmasters General of Great Britain (with the Consent and Approbation of the Commimoriers, for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer) from time to time, to appoint a Person to act as Harbour Master within the said Harbour, and to remove any Harbour M after so appointed, and to appoint another in his room or stead as they shall see fitting.

1 II. And be it further enacted, That every such Harbour Master shall have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all Ships or other Vessels, coming into, lying or being in the said Port or Harbour of Holyhead, or any Part thereof, or any Place being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour; and to appoint and regulate the time or times, and the manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of or from such Harbour, save and except in stormy or tempestuous Weather; and to regulate and determine the Postion of such Ships and other Vessels; and in case any Owner, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such Direction, immediately when Notice to him or them shall be given or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Master or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Master and nis Assistant8, and he or nis Assistants are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship and Vessel accordingly; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons taking charge or command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any Ship or other Vessel, lying or being in the said Harbour, or being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, then and in every such case such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and paj-any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties to be ineurred under this Act shall be recovered in a summary manner before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Anglesea* by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, for any time not exceeding Six Months, or until such Fine shall be paid.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to make further Regulations for securing the Collection of the Duties of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for the Importation into Ireland of American Staves, and of old Plate and Books from Great Britain.

[26th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to proportion the Rewards to Officers of the Revenue and others making Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, in some Degree to the Activity and Zeal of the Officers,

and the Danger and Ri(k incurred in making such Seizures* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the go much of Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act more effectually to regulate the Collection of 46 G. 3. C. 87. the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of and 47 G- 3*6 Geo. III. 6 E

Obflru&inj Harbour Matter.

[Penalty.]

Recovery of Penaltiet.

C. 85.

( 8- directing in what manner Produce of Seizures of Foreign Spirits or Tobacco shall be applied, repealed.

In what manner such Seizures shall be dit-posed of.

56° GEORGII III.

A J5.181

Rewards for Seizures, how ap)x>iaoBed add applied.

Arresting Persons from whoa Goods feixed.

Ship, 5pc in which Goods were, seized, &c. and not arresting the Person.

Share of Officer in Seiiure.

Seizing Good?, but not taking the Ship or the Person.

Bounties* Allowances and Drawbacks thereon / and of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Mayefly* unit'd the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight* certain Duties of toe Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, IVares and Merchandise into and from Ireland, as directs in what manner the Produce arising by the Sale of any Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Foreign Spirits, qr of any Tobacco, which shall be seized and condemned, as being illegally imported into Ireland, or attempted or intended so to be, shall be applied, or as gives any Part of such produce to any Person or Persons who shall seize such Spirit* or Tphaqco, m^li be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Pqrt Duties, and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland> or any Three of them respectively, and they are hereby authorized in cases appertaining to the Customs or Excise respectively, to direct any Foreign Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, which shall be seized, and shall be condemned as forfeited under any Act or Acts ip fprce in Ireland» relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, to be sold either for Home Consumption or Exportation, if under all the Circumstances it shall appear to the said Commissioners respectively, to be moll conducive to the Protection of the Revenue so to do; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively from time to time to give such Directions for the Removal of any such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and to make such Regulations for the ascertaining the Value of such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or to fix any average Value thereof, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Rewards to which the Informers or Officers or Persons seizing the fame respectively may be entitled, and as to the time and manner of paying the fame, as to such Commimoners irespectively shall fcem fitting, and also to regulate the Amount and Mode of Distribution of Rewards to any Coinmjflioned or Non Commissioned Officer or Private, Man of His Majesty's Forces, or any Commissioned Officer, Petty or W^rrapt Officer, or Seaman of .His Majesty's Navy or Marines, as shall appear to be reasonable, and the tijnc and mode of paying the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Rewards herein after inept ioned shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of all Seizures of Foreign Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, which shall be made from and after the pafjtngof this Act, that is to say, in the case of Seizures of such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff made at Sea, or in any Port or Harbour of Ireland* if the Officer of Customs or Excise, pr other Persons makiqg such Seizures, shall also arrest, flop and detain the Persons, or some pr one of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or On board which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or fhsdl hare been brought, found qr seized, or in unlading, removing or carrying away fuqh Spirits, Tobacco Qr Snuff, and shall take or convey, pr cause every Person so arrested, flopped or detained, to be taken or conveyed before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, or being a Seaman or Seafaring Man found on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall take and carry him to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or into the Custody of any Officer employed in His Majesty's Impress Service, then and in any such case such Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person (b making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, shall be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the Value at whidi such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been respectively estimated or fixed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by this Act; and in the case of such Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco Qr Snuff made on Shore, if the Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Person making the same, shall also flop, arrest and detain the Persons or some or one of them from whom the same shall be seized, and shall take or carry, or cause every Person so arrested, flopped or detained to be taken or carried before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law, then and in such case such Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person so making seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, shall be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the full Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been so estimated or fixed as aforesaid j and in the case of such Seizure of Spirit*, Tobacco or Snuff, whether on Sea or on Shore, if the Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person making the same, shall also seize and prqfecute, or cause to be prpfecuted, the Ship, Vessel or Boat on board of which such Spirit*, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or the Cattle or Carriages used or employed in moving or conveying the fame, but shall not also Hop, arrest and detain the Persons, or some or one of themA who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or in unlading, removing or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or the Persons, or some or one of them, from whom the lame shall be seized and taken, or carry or cause all and every such Persons so flopped, detained or arrested to be taken or carried before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, then and in every such case the Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person making such Seizure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One Third Part of the Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff shall be so estimated or fixed as aforesaid; and in case any Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Person, shall make Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and shall neither seize and prosecute, or cause to be prosecuted, the Ship, Vessel or Boat, Cattle or Carriage, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff shall be or or shall have been brought, found or seized, or which shall be used or employed in removing or conveying the fame, nor shall (lop, arrest and detain the Person or Persons, or some or one of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or in unlading, removing or carrying such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or from whom the same shall be seized or taken, or shall not carry and convey, or cause all and every such Person so arrested, (lopped or detained before One or mor* of His Majesty's

11 Justices

A.D. 1816. 36" GEORGII III. C. 85. 947

Justices of the Peace, then and in such case the Officer of the Go (toms or Exoife, or other Person making

such Seizure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One Fourth Pan of the Value sit which such Spirit

Tobacco or Snuff shall be so estimated or fixed as aforesaid; and in all cases where any such Officers er Per*

font shall feiee, within the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland, or in any Part of the Ir\fb Channel* of

elsewhere on the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Ireland, arty Spirits

jrhkh shall hare been sunk dr concealed Under or in the Water within such Limits or Distaatee* every fuels

Officer and Person so seizing such Spirits shall be entitled to and shall be be paid One Moiety of the Value at Share of Seizure.

which such Spirits shall be to estimated or fixed as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty forth Year of His pvrietit 46 G 3. c. 87. Majesty* Reign* Wherfeby it is etiafted, that an Allowance at the Scale shall be made of Eight pounds ?for

Draft of every Package that shall contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of TobaeCO, or more, and

Two Pounds for every such Package for Nailage, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed \ and that from and after the passing of this Act, the proper Customs Landing Waiter and Landirir Waiters shall, in the weighing

and taking Account of all Tobacco and Snuff respectively, give the Turn of the Scale in favour of the Crown*

and in Hen thereof shall allow Two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, and no more for Draft of every Package Allomtee.

which shall contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight, or more, of Tobacco or Sndff respectively, any

L.aw, Usagfe or Customto the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A A, k shall and may be lawful for Commissioners the Commrffiobers of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to permit the Importation into Ireland of Tobacco* of Cifftom* mijr Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee, at airy such Ports or Places in Ireland as the said Commissioners shall think fit* ^-^of Tol^cco, tmder abd subject to such Regulations and Restrictions in other Respects as Tobacco* Spirits* Teas, Wines or spirits, &c. into*Coffee may by Law be imported into Ireland; provided it shall be made to appear* to the Satisfaction of the any Irish Po.-t. ibid Commissioners, that such Port or Place is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein*

rtnd from the Nature of its Situation, a Port or Place at which it would be just and reasonable to permit such Importation.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this A A it shall and may be lawful for the Com* Staves not ex. rfliflioners of Customs and Port Duties, to permit all Staves of Wood not exceeding One Inch and a Half in ceedmj 1$ Thickness, being of the Growth and Production of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Pro- ^uVited elusion of East or W$ Florida, and imported from thence respectively into Ireland, on Payment of One Staten, &c. may 'Third Part only of the several Duties of Customs charged on Staves in and by an Act made in the Fifty be imported on fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and Payment of One to allow Drawbacks and Bounties oh certain Goode, Wares and Merchandise, imported irlto tend exported from TOirdvf thv Ireland, in lieu Offorhter Rates and Ditties, Dravdbaeks tend Bounties; and in and by an Act made in the lad

Section of Parlfementj intituled An Act to impose certain Duties on the Importation, and to adow Drawbacks 9*c* the Exportation of certain Sorts of Wood into andfrehn Ireland, in Hen of former Duties tihd Drawbacks on the 55 G. 3. c. m* like Sorts of Wood; and to indemnify Persons who have admitted certain Sorts of Wood to Entry, on Payment of a Proportion only of the Duty imposed thereon and the Schedules to the said Acts respectively annexed 5 anything in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in the Schedules thereto annexed, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And, for the hotter securing the totleftion of the Duties payable on Auctions In Ireland, be It Fur- Auctioneers to

ther enacted, That upon the Trial of any Complaint or Information against any Auctioneer (who shall have Pr^vc no Sale delivered dr caofed tb be delivered, or who shall deliverer cause to be delivered any Catalogue of any Sale by P*JCC u°-

Attftion* intended to be held by such Auctioneer) for the Recovery of iny Fehaky for the Offence of neglect- Action for*1

nig br emitting to deliver tony such Sale Account as such Auctioneer is, under and by virtue of an Act passed Non Delivery of 4n the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Sale Accounts Aisltions in Ireland* in lieh of former Duties therton, and to providefor the regulating and securing the CoHeSion undar

of thefidd Duties, add to prevent Fraitds therein, required to deliver of the feveril Articles, Lots 6t Parcels 54 0*3 contained in such Catalogue as aforesaid, every Rich Auftfaneer shall be ctomrifted of such Offence and shall ibethr such Penalty, uiriefs forch Athftiorider shall make due Proof lhat no Sale whatever by way Of Auction had taken place, or was foy way opened dr begun under such Catalogue.

VIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty .eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 48 G.3. c. 56.

An Act for dbvHjbitig Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Customs, in the several Ports of Ireland,

'and for regulating the Hours of Attendances and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Officers and 'certain Officers of Ex&fe, k is enacted, that certain annual Payments by way of Compilation shall be made to $ 4.

' Officers, Clerks and Other Persons employed in or holding any Office in the Service of the Customs, at any

«'Port in Ireland, who may fuftaiin Loss by the Abolition of Fees dhrested by the said Act, and that every foci

annual Payment by Way 6f Compensation to any such Officer, Clerk or other Person shall continue during the < tttne &ny stich Person shall doatinue to hold such Office or Employment: And Whereas it inky happen that such O&ders, Clerks dr dthCr Persons receiving such Compensation, may be removed to some other Offices or Employments in the Service of the Customs, the annual Salaryor Other Emoluments of which may not Amount to More than the Salary and annual Allowance by way of Compensation made to such Officer, Clerk

or'other Person under the said recited Act in "respect of the Office from which fudh Officer, Clerk Or other Person maybe removed, a*d which might be detrimental to the Officer, Clerk or other Person so removed;

Be k therefore provided and enacted, That in case any such Officer, Clerk or other Perfdti Who Khali receive Compen&tien any such annual Payment by Way of Compensation Under the said recked Act of the Aid Forty eighth Year ?fs

shall be removed to any other Office or Employment in the Serviceof the Customs, the annual Salary or other Emoluments of which do not amount to more tham the Salary, and the further annual Allowance by way of

6 E 2 Corn-

Plate and Bound Books, not for Sale, may be imported from Great Britain to Ireland, Duty free.

Attested Copy of Registry of Appointment of Sub Commissioners or of Officers of Customi or Ex-. cife, sufficient Evidence.

Copy of Decree, &c. of Commissionert of Appeals, Evidence of Original Decree, &c.

Aliens not departing this Realm, when ordered by Proclamation, &c.

committed to GaoL

Aliens disobey. ing Proclamations, &c.

C. 85, 86. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Compensation made under the said recited Act, to any such Officer, Clerk or other Person, would have amounted to, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* to continue to pay such Officer, Clerk or Person so removed, the Allowance or any Part thereof which may have been granted by way of annual Compensation, for Loss of Fees, to such Officer, Clerk or other Person, by the said Commissioners, by the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelandf, according to the said recited Act, notwithstanding any such Removal as aforesaid, and notwithstanding any thing in the said recited Act in anywise to the contrary.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to admit to Entry and Importation from Great Britain into Ireland, free of Duty, any Gold or Silver Plate, or Printed Books bound, being the Private Property of any Person or Persons in Ireland, and being for the private Use of such Person or Person8, and not for Sale, under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties' shall from time to time think fit to make in that behalf; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of any Complaint or Information, or other Proceeding whatever, for any Penalty or Forfeiture for or on account of any Offence, matter or thing incurred or committed against or concerning any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts in force, or hereafter to be in force, relating to any of the Revenues, matters or things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\ or either of them, where it may be necessary to prove any Person acting as a Sub Commissioner, or as an Officer of Customs or Excise, or as an Officer acting under or employed by the said Commissioners respectively, an attested Copy of the Registrj or Entry of the Commission or Appointment of such Sub Commissioner or Officer in any of the Books of or belonging to the said Commissioners respectively, or in any of the Books of the Collector of Customs and Port Duties, or of Inland Excise and Taxes for the District within which such Person acted as a Sub Commissioner or other Officer, signed by the Secretary, or Person acting as Secretary, to the said Commissioners respectively, by the Collector of Customs and Port Duties, or Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District within which such Person acted as aforesaid, or signed by any Person employed by and in the Office of such Collector of Customs and Port Duties, or Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer in charge as aforesaid respectively, shall be admitted as sufficient Evidence that such Person was duly appointed and was a Sub Commissioner or other Officer, without producing the Commission or Appointment by which such Person was appointed 5 and that when it may be necessary to give in Evidence before any Court in Ireland, any Decree, Order or Proceeding of the Commissioners of Appeals in Revenue cases in Ireland, a true Copy of any such Decree, Order or Proceeding, attested by their Registrar for the time being, shall be admitted as sufficient Evidence as if the original Decree, Order or other Proceeding of the said Commissioners of Appeal were produced and proved.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases, for Two Years from the passing of this Act, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which the said Two Years shall expire, if Parliament shall be then fitting.

[26th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for establishing Regulations respecting 1 y\ Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and so often as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall by his or their Proclamation, or by his or their Order in Council, or Order under his or their Sign Manual, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council, of that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, shall by Proclamation or by Order of Council, direct that any Alien or Aliens who may be within this Realm, or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart this Realm within a time limited in any such Proclamation or Order respectively, and any such Alien shall knowingly and wilfully refuse or neglect to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Order respectively, or shall be found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, as the case may be, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City or Place, to cause every such Alien to be arrested, and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or she shall be so arrested, there to remain without Bad or Mainprize until he or she shall be taken in charge for the Purpose of being sent out of the Realm under the Authority herein after given for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Alien so knowingly and wilfully refusing or neglecting to pay due Obedience to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or being found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, and who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench in Westminster or in Dublin, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, or Great Sessions in Wales, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland, may, at the Discretion of such Courts respectively, be adjudged to suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding

One

A.D. 1818 56° GEORGII III. C. 86. 949

One Month for the First Offence, and not exceeding Twelve Months for the Second and any subsequent Penalty. Offence.

III. And be it further ena&d, That it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries Alien* may be of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Seer iven

tary, in any case in which he or they shall apprehend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience

to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or in any case when any Alien shall have been arrested or $tate to be con-committed for Refusal or Neglect to obey any such Order, or shall have been convicted of such Refusal or veyed out of Neglect, and either before or after such Alien shall have suffered the Punishment inflicted for the fame, by the Kingdom: Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to give such Alien in charge to One of His Majesty's Messengers, or to any other Person or Persons to whom he shall think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his or her being conduced out of the Kingdom, and such Alien shall be so conveyed accordingly: Provided always, that But if sufficient where such Alien (not having been convicted as aforesaid) shall alledge any Excuse for not complying with Reason be such Proclamation or Order, or any Reason why such Proclamation or Order should not be enforced, or ft* not why further time should be allowea him for complying therewith, it shall be lawful for the Lords of His own plying with Majesty's Privy Council, in Great Britain or Ireland, to judge of the Sufficiency of such Excuse or Reason, and to allow or disallow the fame either absolutely or on such Conditions as they shall think fit 5 and where cil may allow such Alien shall be in Custody under such Warrant of any of His Majesty's Secretaries of State as aforesaid, lame, the Messenger or other Person in whose Custody he shall be, forthwith upon its being signified to him that such Excule or Reason is alledged by such Alien, make known the same to the said Secretary of State, who, upon receiving such Notification, or in any case in which he shall be informed that any such Excuse or Reason is alledged by or on behalf of any Alien under Proclamation or Order to quit the Realm, shall forthwith suspend the Execution of such Proclamation or Order until the matter can be determined by the said Messenger, &c. Lords of His Majesty's said Privy Council, and such Alien, if in Custody under any such Warrant, shall remain in such Custody until the said Lords shall have signified their Determination thereon, unless in the cutiou of Pro-6" mean time the said Secretary shall consent to, or the said Lords shall make Order for the Release of such damation. Alien, either with or without Security.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall arrive Mailers of Vef-

In any Port or Place of this Realm, shall immediately on his Arrival declare in Writing to any Inspector of fels on Arrival, Aliens appointed by His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, resident at or near such Port or Place, or declare "j where no such Inspector shall be so appointed and resident, to the Collector or Comptroller or other Chief ipc^or^Abena Officer of the Customs at or near such Port or Place, whether there are or is, to the best of his Knowledge, or Officer of any Alien or Aliens on board his said Vessel, or who have, to his Knowledge, landed or been landed there- Customs, Num- from at any Port or Place within this Realm 5 and shall in his said Declaration specify the Number of Aliens on

Aliens (if any) on board his said Vessel, or who have, to his Knowledge, landed or been so landed there-

from, and also specify their Names and respective Rank, Occupation or Description, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel so arriving as Matters negle£k aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence to such forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and every Alien who shall have been on boara at the time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, or who shall have, to nis Knowledge, landed or been landed therefrom as aforesaid, whom he shall wilfully have refused or neglected to declare as aforesaid 5 and in case such Matter or Commander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or for any Officer of the Ship, &c. de-Customs, as the case may be, to detain such Ship, Vessel or Boat, used in landing the same as aforesaid, tained. until the same shall have been paid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be con- Prorifo for

ftrued to extend, to any Mariner whom the Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel arriving in any Port or Mariners cer-Place in this Realm shall certify to such Inspector of Aliens, or Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, as the 11

case may be, in Writing, subscribed by such Matter or Commander, to be actually engaged and employed of stop!*

in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, during the time that such Mariner shall remain 10 actually engaged 8 and employed; and which Certificate in Writing, so subscribed as aforesaid, every such Master or Commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Alien who shall arrive in this Realm, at any Port or Place Aliens, on Ar.

therein, after the passing of this Act, shall, immediately after such Arrival, declare in Writing, to such In- rival, and De-spe&or of Aliens, or Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, as the case may be, at or near such Port or Place, Wririne,

the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which he or she shall hav$ come to this Country 5 and every Alien who to*Iiifpeacror shall so arrive, and also every Alien who shall depart from any Port or Place of this Realm after the passing officer of Cut of this Act shall, immediately after such Arrival or before such Departure respectively, declare in like tojns, Names, manner to such Officer as aforesaid, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or Description, or if a Domestic Inscriptions, and Servant, then aHo the Name, Rank and Description of his or her Master or Mistress, or shall verbally make Occupat, 0°» to such Officer as aforesaid such Declaration, to be by him reduced to Writing, and shall also in like

manner declare the Country or Place from whence he or she shall then have come, and the Place to which

he or she is then going, nis or her Profession or Occupation, and the Name and Place of Abode of the

Person to whom (if any) he or she is known; and that every such Alien coming into this Realm, who shall Aliens arriving,

neglect to make Declaration of the aforesaid Particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false Declaration De-

thereof, may for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at ciaration, or

Westminster or in Dublin, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, making a false

or one.

Punirtiment.

Officer of Customs ro reglrter such Declaration?.

Form of Certificate.

Form of Counterpart.

Particulars to be inserted in Certificates.

Aliens (except .Domedie Servants) within one Week after Arrival, to pro. duce Certificates to Chief Magistrate of the Place, or to a Justice.

Where Certificate loft, to deli* verin an Account of Particulars.

Punishment.

Mayors, &c may detain Ai'ens, and transmii to Secretary of State an Account of I'iq. ceedings.

Cfa. SP GEORGcH lit. A.b.t$i6.

or Great Seftons in ifialest or Judiciary Court in Scotland, be imprisonej for any time not exceeding Tbr^e Months, or may at the Discretion of such Court be adjudged to depart out of , this Realm, and all o^her J^i^ Majesty's Dominions, within a time to be limited in such Judgment; and if be or (he shall be fQi^'tJmyiu after such time in such Judgment so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly coqviSb^d jherpof, be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Twelve Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Inspector of Aliens or Officer of the Customs so appointed as aforesaid, to whom such Declaration mall be made, or Particulars delivered as aforesaid, shall immediately register the fame in a Book to be kept by him for .that Purpose; in which Book, Certificates shall be printed in Blank, and Counterparts thereof, in the Form following:

Ship'* Name. Alien's Name and Description. From whence. Whither going. Profession, &c. To whotfi known. Remarks.

i i Signature o f the Bearer.

j UUww ifIriPrifVliH)!

Chip's Name. Alien's Name and Description. From whence. Whither going. Profession, &c. To whom known.

Signature o jf the Bearer*

And shall infejt therein the several Particulars by this Act required, in their proper Column^, in both Parts thereof, expressing such Particulars as shall be inserted in the Column of Remarks, which shall be entered only in One of Uich Columns; and shall then and there cut off One Part thereof through the Flourish or XJevice between the Two Parts thereof, and deliver without Fee or other Charge, One Part containing all the Particulars contained, excepting such thereof as shall be contained in the Column of Remarks, to the Alien who shall have made such Declaration, or delivered such Particulars, according to the Provisions of this Act; and the Officer keeping or having the Care of such Book, shall also enter or cause to be entered therein an Alphabetical Lid and Index of the Names of the Aliens, in respect of whom such Entries shall be made therein as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Alien arriving in this Realm after the jpaffing of this Act, except such Domedic Servants as aforesaid, shall, within One Week after his or her arriving at the Place which shall be expressed in the Certificate delivered to him or her as aforesaid, as the Place to which he or (He proposes to go, produce such Certificate, if in London, at the Aliens* Office in Crown Street, Westminster, or to the Chief Magistrate of any other Town or Place in which he or she shall be; and if there be no Chief Ma-gidrate in such Town or Place, then and in such case, to some One of the Justices of the Peace in and for the County, City, Town or Pidri61 in which such Alien shall be, or to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized to that Effect by such Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal; or in case such Certificate shall be lod, shall deliver a full and true Account of all the Particulars Jthat shall have been contained in such Certificate; and that every such Alien as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or refute to produce such Certificate as aforesaid, or deliver such Account as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully deliver any false Account respecting any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, on Convi6Iion thereof before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or District in which such Alien shall be, may be adjudged, at the Discretion of such Justices, for the fird Offence, to suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding One Month.

A. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Mayors or any One or more of tho Aldermen of the Cities of London and Dublin, and for any One or more of His, Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, being specially authorized by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or by such Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Order of His Majesty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate,

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 86. gji

traie, or other Magistrate or Magistrates of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, so authorized, to cause any Alien whom he or they mall have cause to suspeA to be a dangerous Person, to be taken into Custody and examined, and either to discharge or detain such Alien in Custody as shall appear advisable; and if

it shall appear fit to detain such Alien in Custody, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Alderman or Chief Mar

gistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates, or Inch justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand

and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody until His Majesty's Pleasure

shall be known, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize: Provided nevertheless, in every such case, every such Mayor, Alderman, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall, and he ^nd they is and are hereby dirffted and required, forthwith to transmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching such

Alien, and of the Reasons for which he shall have thought fit to detain such Alien, to One of His Majesty's Reafoiw forDt-

Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ire tcn, ion0 be

land, in order and to the end that His Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors,

may determine what may be fit to be done thereon 5 and it (Jiall be lawful for bjis Majesty, by Warrant under Warrant for

his Sign Manual, or for such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, by Order under his fjapd, or by War- IMfcharge, &c. of

rant under the Hand and Seal of any One of his Principal Secretaries of State, or the Secretary of such

Lord Lieutenant or Chief Goyernor, either to direct that such Alien (l^all be discharged or ordered out of tjhp

Kingdom,

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificate issued.to any Alien by virtue of this A A fhalVbe Justices to ^rant loft, midaid or destroyed, and such Alien shall produce to One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, from as

the Officers of the Customs so appointed as aforesaid, at ihe Port where such Alien shall have arrived, or from (haVai^r to the OiTice of One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of §taje, or from the Office of the Chief Secretary be loft, &; c. of the Lord Lieutenant, or o>F the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, a Copy of the Certificate so loft, midaid or destroyed, and shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he or she is the Person named in such Certificate, and that the fame has been loft, midaid or destroyed, without his or her wilful Ne-gledl pr Default, it shall and may jje lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to grant to such Alieu a firefh Certificate, which shall be of the like Force and Effect as the Certificate so loft, midaid or deftrpyed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Custom House Officer shall forthwith, and every Magis- Officer of Cuf-

trate, or Justice to whom any such Certificate or Account shall be produced or delivered as aforesaid, (ji^ll forthwith, after the fame (had have been so produced or de|ivered as aforesaid, transmit if in Great Britain, to Cert^cates^ro^ One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and if in Ireland', to the Chief Secretary of the Lord duced, to tranC-Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, true and exact Copies of ^lt such Entries, Cer- mit Copies of tificates and Accounts respectively, made by or delivered to any such Custom House Officer, lyfagijdr^te or Entries and Cer-Justice respectively, by virtue of this Act. tificates (0 Secre-

XIII. And he further enacted, That all Certificates hereinbefore required to be given by any Infipe&pr of °*State* Aliens, or Officer of the Customs appointed for the Purpose, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or No Fee for other Magistrates respectively, shall be given without any Fee qr Reward wfi^tsoever; and every such In- granting Cer-speftor of Aliens, or Officer of the Customs, or Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or other Person, yfho shall tificates. take any Fee or Reward, or Sum of Money, of any Alien, for any Certificate, or other matter or thing under J?e"a, fy*.<* this Act 1 shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every Inspector of Aliens, or to make^ - Officer of the Customs, appointed for that Purpose 9s aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make any such Entry, or grant Entry as aforesaid, or grant any Certificate thereon, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or shall know- Certificates,c. ingly make any false Entry, or neglect to return the Copies thereof, in manner directed by this Act, shall for- Penalty.

feit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully fqrge, counterfeit or alter, or caqfe to Forging, &c.

be forged, counterfeited or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altere/d, Certificate*, any Certificate herein directed to be obtained, or shall obtain any fuqh Certificate under any other bfame or Description than the true Name and Description of such Alien, without disclosing to the Person granting such Certificate the true Name and Description of such Alien, and the Reason for concealing the lame, or ihatt

falsely pretend to be the Person intended to be named and described in any such Certificate; every person so

offenffing, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall suffer Imprisonment in the Common Gaol for any time not Punishraenc. exceeding One Year.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign Ambassador or other Public Minister

duly authorized, nor the Domestic Servants of any such Foreign Ambassador or Public Minister, registered as such according to the Directions of the Laws in force for that Purpose, or being actually attendant upon such Ambassador or Minister, shall be deemed an Alien within the meaning of this Act: Provided atfo, thpt Pri'viso for nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Alien, in respect of any Act done or omitted to be dqne, who ^j., ns"Ye0*5 shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of Fourteen Years at the time when such Act was 0i£n14 ears so done or omitted to be done: Provided always, that if any Question shall arise, whether any Person alledged Props whether to be an Alien, and subject to the Provisions of this Act or any of them, is an Alien or not, or is or is not any Person is or

an Alien, subj^dl to the said Provisions or any of them, the Proof that such Person is or by Law is to be '* not an Alien,

deemed to be a natural-born Sutyedl of His Majesty, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by Act lie 011 the

Parliament, or if an Alien is not subject to the rrovisions in this Act contained or any of them, by reason of laity*

any Exception contained in this A cl, or which, shall be e*pressed in any Proclamation or Order in Council as aforesaid, or in any Special Warrant from One gf His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, pr from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary as aforesaid, shall lie on the Person fa alledged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the Provisions of this Act, some or one of them.

XVI. Fro-

95 2 C. 86.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Justices of the Courts of Westminster or Dublin, &c. may admit Aliens to Bail;

as may also any Justice, by Authority of a Secretary of State, Stc.

In what case when Aliens have been in Custody Two Months, in order to be sent out of the Realm, the Courts, fee. may either continue in Custody or discharge such Aliens.

Aliens having quitted France on account of the late Troubles, not liable to be arrested for Debts con traded beyond Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty. Penalties how recovered and applied.

Parishioners Witnesses, though Part of Penalty be given to Poor. Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Powers given to Lord Lieutenant, fee. not to extend to Aliens arriving in Great Britain.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which Power is given by this Act to commit any Alien to Gaol without Bail or Mainprize, it shall and may be lawful for any Justices of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain Or Irelandt being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary jn Scotland, if upon Application made he shall see sufficient cause, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she "giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the matters alledged against him or her.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to admit any Alien to Bail, who shall have been committed by virtue of this Act, such Justice being authorized so to do by Warrant of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, for that Purpose, specifying the Security to be taken by such Justice.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any Alien, who shall have been committed under this Act to remain until he or she shall be taken in charge for the Purpose of being sent out of the Realm, shall not be sent out of the Realm within Two Calendar Months after such Commitment, it shall in every such case be lawful for any of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, or for any Two of His Majesty$ Justices of the Peace in any Part of the United Kingdom, upon Application made to him or them by or on the behalf of the Person so committed, and upon Proof made to him or them that reasonable Notice of the Intention to make such Application had been given to some or one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or to the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, according to his or their Discretion, to order the Person so committed to be continued in or discharged out of Custody.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Kingdom, who have heretofore quitted their respective Countries by reason of any Resolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries conquered by the Arms of France, shall not be liable to be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forthcoming, or paying any Debt, nor be taken in Execution on any Judgment, nor by any Caption, for or by reason of any Debt or other Cause of Action contrafted or arising in any Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, while such Aliens were not within the said Dominions of His Majesty; and in case any such Aliens shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment, or by Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Alien shall be discharged therefrom by Order of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of any Judge of such Courts in Vacation time.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Great Session in Walct, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lane after and Durham, or by Action or furamary Bill or Information in the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, as the case shall require, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall, on Conviction of the Offender upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale 5 and for want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, and that no Writ of Certiorari or of Advocation or Suspension shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of the said Justice touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend Execution or other Proceeding thereupon.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses, for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act within the Limits of such Parish, Township or Place, notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty incurred by such Offence is given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township or Place.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance or by colour of this Act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed, and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or their Suit or Prosecution, or if Judgment be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Powers and Authority given by this Act to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or to the Privy Council of Ireland, shall not extend or be held or deemed to extend to the case of any Alien arriving or being in that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom called Great Britain; and that the powers and Authority given by this Act to any Justice of the Peace, Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any

City,

A.P.1816. 5$* GEORGII UL C. 86, &7, 88. 953

City, Town or Place^ shall not extend or be cpaftrued to pxhcnd tp jpve such Magistrates any Authority JurUaiaion of to ad beyond the Limits of thtit respective Juriscjidioo#;ny thing in this Act contained to the contrary Magistratet. notwithstanding. '

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force Two Years from the pafing of Cominaaace of this Act, and until the Hod of the Session of Parliament in which the said Two Years shall expire, if Parliament shall be tl^en fitting.

XXV. Provided always* and be it en^dqd, That this Act or any of the Pxovisions therein contained may Act «wy be

be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad pr Acts tp he , passed in this pretext Session of Parliament. altered, to

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to regulate Proceedings of Grand Juries in Ireland, upon Bill? of Indictment.

[26th Jufie

WHEREAS a Practice hathprevailed, in many of the Grand Juriesin frckuylyl# find Bills pflndid-

ment without examining Witnesses for the Croyrn; apd it is expedient tb^t this PraAiqe {houl/d for the future be discontinued; Be it therefore declared and eroded by The ^Ws hloft .Excellent Before returning

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ^njumons. in this.p^sept P#£- Bills of Inditt-liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thst from ana a^r thie passing of this Act pp (Bi]l ftf ment. Grand, Indictment shall be returned a true Bill, by any Grand Jury in Ireland unless thie faipp hath bp$k found by EvidVnce of the Jurors upon the Evidence of one or mcu*i Witnesses for t^e Crown, fwpim jo Caifrt ^d pifltfupsd before w!tneffb*°for tha them, with such other lawful Evidence as the Nature of the case may require pr admit of Crown.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the present Act coutlined ihalLbeconffru^d to pre- Depositions made vent such Court; at its Discretion, from directing the Informations or pepafirion?, which speh Wjtqefa pr Wit- ky^u<b Wt-©effes for the Crown may have previously sworn before a WLagistrate, to fee laid before the Gr?nd Jpry 5 and if 5Jariftritesmay upon the Examination of such Witness or Witnesses before the Grapd Juqr> it ffi^Jl .appear to the fold Grand^jjy y 5ury that any of the said Witnesses shall have sworn falsely and ci^pptly, jit foall a^d may hp foytful for the the Court said Grand Jury, and they are hereby required to report the some so the Court; find, in &afe foe thereupon think fit to order a Bill 01 Indictment for wilful and cprruptjPerjury to He preferred agfdnff such Person, it shall be competent for any of the said Grana Jurors to give JEvidgnpe upon the jFipdiugjipd Trisl of such Indictment, notwithstanding the Oath which he shall have previously taken as a Grand Juror, ^ny thfog so this or in any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding 5 it beinghereby ^xmjessly declared and enacted, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to have the EffeS of rendering soso Informations or Depositions Evidence in Support of a Bill before the Grand Jury, except as herein after prov^ed.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Refon , of His prejf^t it joG.3. c.iox.

amongst other things enacted, that if any Person who hath given or IhglTgive apy fpfprpxafipn.pr J^arnin- §5.

ation upon Oath, against any Person or Persons, for any Offence against the Laws, hath bi^u pr .shall, b#F°fce the Trial or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively against wjbom such Information pr Examination hath been or shall be given, be murdered or violently put to {leaih, or Jo maimed, or forcibly carried away and secreted, as not to be able to give Evidence on the Trial of the Person or Persons against yfopm such baformation or Examination was given, the Information or Examination of such person, so taken on Oath,

shall be admitted in all Courts of Justice in Ireland, as Evidence on the Trjal or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively against whom such Information or Examination was given Be it further enaffod.

That so long as the said recited Enadment shall be in force, the Informations or Examinations therein rnep- rnformationj or tioned shall be Evidence to the Grand Jury upon the pill preferred against the Person or Peribps againExaminations whom such Information or Examination was given: Provided always, that the Information or Examination mentioned in Of a Witness secreted shall not be Evidence to the Grand Jury, unless it shall first be proved to the Grand Jury {'eciIe^ , A<a° by Witnesses sworn, or other lawful Evidence, that the Person £0 secreted has been secreted by the Person or Gr^d Juries!0 Persons against whom the Bill is preferred, or by same Person or Persons acting for him or her, or in his or her Favour.

CAP. LXXXVHL

An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, oyer-bolding, and defaulting Tenants; and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distrdfs.

[26th June

WHEREAS Landlords in Ireland are often Sufferers by Tenants running away in Arrear, and deferring

- Tenements demised or agreed to be, demised to them j and also by Tenants, after the Expiration of their Terms or Interests, refusing to deliver up the Possession of the Tenements demised or agreed to be demised; and also by Tenants suffering large A^ears of Rent to accrue during the Continuance of their Terms 5 in all which cases the Landlords pr Lessors are obliged to resort to an Ejectment for the Recovery of Possession, the Expence of which in many cases exceeds the Value of the Tenement: And Whereas it is just and reasonable to provide a less expensive Mode for the Recovery of the Possession of Tenements so abandoned by Tenants, and of Tenements of small Value, when the same are held by Tenants against their 1 Landlords, after the Determination of their Terms or Interests; and also in cases of the Tenants of Tenements of small Value ftiffering Arrears of Rent to accrue during the Continuance of their T.erihs: ^qd^Whereas*Causes tried in the Way of Civil Bills before the Chairman of the Session of the Peace for rtbe County of Dublin, and Recorder of the City of Dublin for the County of the City of Dublin, and the Assistant Barristers

56 Geo. III. 6 F«of

954

C. 88.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Afilstant Barrister or Chairman at the Sessions, &c. empowered to put Landlords in Possession of Premises in Ar-rear for Rent.

View by Justices,

Certificate.

Particulars

therein*

Landlord may serve Pntcefi on Civil Bill on Certificate obtained, Process fixed on Church Door, &c.

Proof of Certificate.

Proceedings.

If Delivery of Possession of Premises held by Tenant at a less Rent than 20l. per Annum be withheld after legal Notice,

A Tift ant Bar-

rifter, &c. may decree Landlord to be put in Possetfioo.

4 of the other Counties in Ireland, are1 determined with more Expedition and less Expence than any Proceeding for the Redress of the Evils aforesaid which the Law now allows the Landlord to take; and it is expedient to extend the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Barristers, and of the Chairman of the Session of the Peace in the County of Dublin % and of the Recorder in the County of the City of Dublin, to the said cases Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of July next, if any Tenant holding any Tenement in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, who shall be in Arrear for One Half Year's Rent, shall desert the Tenement demised to him, or leave the fame uncultivated, or carry off the Stock and Crop, or otherwise abandon the fame, so as no sufficient Distress may be had to countervail the Arrears of Rent then due for the fame, it shall be lawful for the Landlord or Lessor of the Tenement so deserted or left unoccupied or uncultivated, to proceed by way of Civil Bill before the Recorder of the City of Dublin if the Tenement shall be in the County of the City of Dublin, or before the Chairman of the Session of the Peace for the County of Dublin if the Tenement shall be in the said County, and before the Assistant Barrister of any other County of the Tenement shall be in such County, to obtain Possession of the Tenement so deserted or left unoccupied; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Tenement shall be, having no Interest in the demised Premises, at the Request of such Landlord or Lessor, his Bailiff or Receiver, to go upon and view the fame, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and having fully ascertained to their Satisfaction, by Examination of Witnesses or by their own View, that the Premises are so deserted by the Tenant, or left so unoccupied as aforesaid, and without sufficient Distress to countervail the Arrears of Rent then due, to certify to the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, or Recorder, before whom such Proceeding by Civil Bill shall be, under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, that they have together viewed the Premises in question, fully describing the fame, and that the fame appeared to them deserted or unoccupied, and without any Distress thereon sufficient to countervail the Arrear of Rent ascertained by Affidavit of the Landlord or Lessor, his Bailiff or Receiver, to be due thereon, after all fair and just Allowances; which Certificate, when proved to have been duly executed, shall be sufficient and conclusive Evidence of the Fasts therein contained, unless the same shall be disproved by contrary Evidence, to the Satisfaction of the Judge before whom the case shall come, upon such Civil Bill as aforesaid, or Appeal from such Civil Bill; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Landlord, after obtaining from the said Justices the said Certificate, to serve a Process on such Civil Bill, together with a Copy of such Certificate on the Tenant against whom such Proceeding shall be had if such Tenant can be found 5 and if not, to affix such Process, and a Copy of such Certificate, upon some notorious Part of the said Tenement, and also upon the Door of the Parish Church, if the same shall be in Repair, and also upon the Door of the Roman Catholic Chapel, if any within the Parish, summoning the Tenant or Tenants who may have so deserted the Premises personally to appear before the Assistant Barrister, or before the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, or the Recorder, as the case maybe, on a Day certain, at a Quarter Sessions to be held for the Division of the County in which the Premises or any Part or them shall be, or at a Court to be held before the Recorder, for the hearing and determining of Civil Bills in cases where the Premises shall be situate within the County of the City of Dublin, to answer the said Bill of the said Landlord or Lessor; and that it shall be lawful for the said Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Session of the Peace, or Recorder, as the case may be, upon such Civil Bill, and upon Proof of such Certificate by any Person who may have witnessed the Execution of the fame, and upon Proof that at least One Half Year's Rent was due to such Landlord or Lessor for the Premises when such Proceeding was commenced 5 and that the Process on such Civil Bill, and a Copy of such Certificate were served as aforesaid, or that the Tenant could not be found, so that the fame could be served, and then upon Proof that such Process and a Copy of such Certificate had been duly affixed upon the several Places before mentioned, pursuant to this Act; and upon hearing the Tenant, in case such Tenant shall appear, and such Evidence as shall be offered on behalf of such Tenant, if any shall be offered, and duly considering the fame, to decree the said Landlord or Lessor to be put into Possession of the Premises*

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Tenement shall have been held by any Tenant at a less Rent than Twenty Pounds per Annum, and the Tenant's Interest in the same shall have determined, and after Demand made by the Landlord or Lessor, his Bailiff or Receiver, a Delivery of Possession of the same shall be withheld, it shall and may be lawful for the said Landlord or Lessor to proceed by Civil Bill against such Tenant, and the said Tenant, and such other Person, if any, as shall be in the actual Possession of the Premises; and thereupon to serve such Tenant, and such other Persons as aforesaid, with Process on such Civil Bill, if such Service can be effected, and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Judge before whom the case shall come, that such Service cannot be effected, or in case there be not any Person in actual Possessionr of the Premises, to affix upon some notorious Part of the Premises, and upon the Door of the Parish Church, if the same shall be in Repair, and also upon the Door of the Roman Catholic Chapel, if any shall be in the Parish \ by which Process all Persons claiming to have any Interest in the Premises shall be required to appear before the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions. of the Peace, or Recorder, as the case may be, on a Day certain, at a Quarter Sessions for the Division of the County in which the Premises or any Part thereof shall be situate, or at a Court to be held before the Recorder for the hearing and determining of Civil Bills, in cases where the Prefnifes are situate within the County of the City of Dublin^ to answer the Bill of the said Landlord or Lessor praying to be put into Possession thereof; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, or Recorder, as the case may be, upon such Civil Bill, and upon Proof of such Service as aforesaid, or, in case of Impossibility or unreasonable Difficulty of Ser-

vice.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 88. 955

vice, to be ascertained in manner hereinbefore provided, or in case there shall be no Person in Possession of the Premise8, upon Proof of affixing of the said Process as hereinbefore required, and that the Premises had been held by the Tenant against whom such Proceedingr shall be, at a Rate notN exceeding Twenty Pounds per Annum, and that the Intereil of the Tenant had determined, and that Notice, to qqS. in cases where such Notice ia by Law necessary had been duly served, and the time for the Delivery of the Possession thereof expired, to decree the said Landlord or Lessor to be put into Possession of tl\e Premises.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Lands or Premises shall have been held by any How Landlord

Tenant at a less Rent than Twenty Pounds per Annum, and that a full Year's Rent shall be due thereout, proceed in

whether the fame or any Part thereof shall have accrued due prior or subsequent to the passing of this Act, it

shall and may be lawful lor the Lessor or Landlord to proceed by Civil Bill against such Tenant, and also such fhluhe Persons, if any, as shall be in actual Possession of the said Premises, and also against Persons having Interest for valuable Consideration, in cases where the Deeds or Instruments creating such Interests shall have been duly registered, and thereupon to serve such Tenant and such other Persons as aforesaid with Process on such Civil Bui, if such Service can be effected, and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Judge before whom the case shall come, that such Service cannot be effected, or in case there be not any Person in actual Possession of the Premises, to affix such Process upon some notorious Part of the fame Premises, and upon the Door of the Parish Church, if the same shall be in Repair, and also upon the Door of the Roman Catholic Chapel, if there shall be any in the Parish, by which Process all Persons claiming to have Inlereft in the Premises shall be required to appear before the said Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, or Recorder, as the case may be, on a Day certain, at a Quarter Sessions for the Division of the County in which the Premises, or any Part of them, shall he situate, or at a Court to be held before the Recorder for the hearing or determining of Civil Bills, in cases where the Premises shall be situate within the County of the City of Dublin, to answer the Bill of the said Lessor or Landlord praying to be put into Possession thereof; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sections of the Peace, or Recorder, as the case may be, v upon such Civil Bill, and upon Proof of such Service as aforesaid, or, in case of Impoftibility or unreasonable Difficulty of Service (to be ascertained as hereinbefore provided) upon Proof of such affixing of the said Process, and that the Premises were then held by the Tenant at a Rate not exceeding Twenty Pounds per Annum, and that a Sum equal to One full Year's Rent at such Rate was due when such Proceeding by Civil Bill was commenced, and (till remained due, after all just Allowances to the Tenant, to decree the said Lessor or Landlord to be put into Possession of the said Premises: And in case the Lessee or Lessees, his or their Assignee or Lessee after Ex-Assignees, or other Person or Persons, claiming or deriving under the Lease or Article by which the Premises ecution of shall be holden, shall suffer the Decree to be executed, putting the Lessor or Landlord into Pofteffio^fof the ^i*tbwefroint Premises, without paying the Rent and Arrear thereon, with full Costs, and without preferring a Civil Bill for

Relief, to the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Session of the Peace, or Recorder, as the case may be, or filing any Bill or Bills for Relief in Equity, within the time now limited by the several Statutes which regulate the Action of Ejectment for Non Payment of Rent, after such Execution executed, then and in such cale the said Lessee or Lessees, his or their Assignee or Assignees, and all other Persons deriving under the said Lease or Article, shall he barred and foreclosed from all Relief or Remedy in Law or Equity, other than by Appeal from the Decree of the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sections of the Peace, or Recorder, as the case .may be; the said Appeal to be brought within the time now by Law limited for bringing of Appeals on Civil Bills; Provided always, that the Tenant or other Person having Right under the several Statutes which regu- and may tender Jate the Action of Ejectment for Non Payment of Rent, to redeem any Premises, the Possession of which shall Rentnd Coa», at any time hereafter be given to any Lessor or Landlord under the Provisions of this Act, for or by r^afbn of°^Jcem 1>of' Non Payment of Rent, may at any time after Execution executed, within which he or they are now by Law e ion' jrespectively entitled, tender the Rent and Costs for the Purpose of redeeming the said Premises; and that in all cases where he or they would have been entitled under the existing Laws to be restored to the Possession of such Premises, under a Decree of a Court of Equity, if deprived of Possession by Ejectment for Non Payment of Rent, he and they may hereafter be restored to the fame by a Decree of the Assistant Barrister, Chairman Of the Sessions of the Peace, or the Recorder, as the case may be, on a Bill preferred for that Purpose, and due Proof m?de of their being respectively entitled thereto; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary pot-withstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Lessor or Landlord recovering Possession by such Decree as Remedy for ob-aforesaid, shall and may have the fame and like Remedy for all Arrears of Rent to the time of Execution of Arrears the said Decree, as such Lessor or Landlord might have had if Possession had been obtained under such em* Decree.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Process upon any Civil Bill is by this Act di- Thifly D*y*'

rested to be served upon any Person or to be affixed upon some notorious Part of the Premises in question, of U di*

on the Door of the Parish Church where the same shall be in repair, or on the Door of the Roman Catholic rested to fee" Chapel in any Parish, the said Process shall be so served or affixed Thirty clear Days at the least previous to the served.

Day therein named for hearing and determining upon such Civil Bill.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Tenement or any Part of any Tenement for which any Pro-reeding by Civil Bill shall be had under the Authority of this Act, shall be in any Extra Parochial Place, and Extra there shall be any Chapel or Place of Public Worship in such Extra Parochial Place, all Process and Copies of Places. Certificates before required to be fixed on the Door of a Parish Church or Roman Catholic Chapel in: places

pot Extra Parochial, shall be fixed on the Door of such Chapel or Place of Worship in such Extra Parochial Place; and if there shall be none such, then the Judge, before whom such Proceeding by Civil Bill shall be,

6 F 2 shall

95*

What the Civil Bill shall specify.

Clerk of Peace to eater and make public all Decrees made at any SeQiontof the Peace, specify ing Names of Plaintiffs and Defendants, and Lands and Premises recovered.

[Penalty.]

Defendants on hearing of Civil Bill, entitled to make Defence. Appeal.

Execution not flayed.

Sheriff may grant Warrant tb special Bailiff, for Execution of Decrees, c.

Pete*

36 G. 3. (I.)

Attorney may make charge.

Where Tenement in qtaaf-tion situate in Two Counties Proceedings to be m One of them, Sec.

Assistant Bar-iifter to fi/n Two Copies of every Decree

.88. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

ffnfll direct in What manner such Rroceft or Copie* (Ml' be fixed in (belt Extra PriiWchial tlace for the Putptfes of this Act.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That in all case* in which fudh proceeding by Civil Bill is authorised by tin* Act, the Civil Bist shall specify the Name* of the Landlord or Lessor, and Tenant of Teriatof* respect-iVcdy, the Nature of the Tenancy, the Descri priori of the Premises* and the Baroriie* 6t ParishSs wherein the same shall be respectively situated* and the Rent at which the same shall be then 6r had been lad boidonj and also in cases where the Proceeding shall be grounded on Desertion, the Fast of Defection by the Tenant, and the Amount of Rent due after all fair and just Allowance*, and the Insufficiency of Difirefe to cdutitertad the fame; and in cases where the Proceeding shall be grounded on the Tenancy having determined the Fast of the Determination of such Tenancy, and the Mean* by Which the finite shall have been determined, and Refufol to deliver up Poflfession, and in case* where the Proceeding shall be grounded on Nonpayment of Rent, the Amount of the Rent dne after all fair and just Allowances, and When due; and the Truth of the Content* of the said Civil BiH shall be verified by the Affidavit of the Landlord or Lessor* hi* known Ageftt 0* Receiver, the said Affidavit to remain in the Custody of the Cferk of the Peace Of the County k which such Bill shan be filed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of the County shall entet in a Book to he kept for that Purpose all Decrees in the cases hereinbefore mentioned which /hafl be made ad any Seffioooo of the Peace for such County, and which Entries shall specify the Names of the Plaintiffs amd Defendants, and the Tenements recovered, as the same shall be specified in the Civil Bill* concerning the same respectively; which Book every Person shall have liberty to hffpeft and examine, paying to the Clerk of the Peace for such Inspection and Examination the Fee of One Shilling arid tight pence; and that the said Clerk of the Peace, immediately after the Cicrfe of each Sessions of the Peace* (hill post ©ri the Dob? of the Court House where such Sefiiofl8 were held, a correct Lift of such Carifes in WRiefe hxrf Tenement* shall have been recovered at such Sessions under this Act, which Lift shall specify the Partied Name*, and the Ddcription of the Tenements, as set forth in the Civil Bill upon which the same shall haste beeti recovered, updri pain of forfeiting for every such Omission the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Aftk>h of Debt by any Person suing for the fame: Provided always, that the said Clause* with respect to such entering or poking, JfcaU be considered as directofry to the Clerk of the Peace and that the Omission to triake fhch Entry nr reding shall not invalidate or in any ways affect any Detrefe or Recovery of the PosselfloO of riby L#nd* Os' Pretftifos*

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Defendant who shall think proper io appear cfe the Trial of such Civil Bill, in any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned, shall be entitled, dri the HeWkg Of such Civil Bill, to evfcrir Defence which he may hate either in Law or Equity, and also shall Have all arid eeery the same Rights of Appeal, under the fame Restrictions, Conditions dhd Limitations a* id other Cases of Detrees bii Civil Bills made by any Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of tke Fearie or Recorder, a* the c*fe may be; Provided however, that Execution shall not be flayed by reason of fbeh Appeal, rirtiefs the Tenant shall deposit with the Clerk of the Peace the Amount of Rent proved to be due oil hearing of such Civil Bill.

X. And be it farther enacted, That for the Execution of the said Decides, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff to grant his Warrant to a Special Bailiff, at the Plii/iliff'S Nomination, in like manner a* for the* Exeetitibn bf anj bther Decrees of the Jfcid Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the 8effioos of the Peace or Recorder, as the case may be; and that it (Ml arid iriay be lawful for such Special Bailiff tb whom such Warrant shall be granted, together with his Assistant*, to execute the fame by delivering the Possession of the Lands or Premises therein named tb the Landfofd to Whbm the fame (HaH be decked, br to any Person appointed by the said Landlord to receive the Pdflession on his behalf; and that neither the said Sheriff, nor the said Assistant Barrister, nor the Cferk of the Peace, nor ahydthet Ptorfori, (h*tt demand, receive or have, for or on account of the said Proceedings, any greater or other Fees than filth as are authorized upon the Execution bf Decrees on Civil Bills, by an Act passed in itre Rarliairient bf Ireland In the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act fitr Me betttr and that* rbrtitehitht Administrathn of Justee, and for the Recovery of Small Debit in a fumihary kty ht Mr SeJ/toHs of iht Peace of the fivCral Counties ht large within this Kingdom, extepl the County of Dublin; htid fi cofitbiuing and am eh ding ah AB, intituled 1 An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large p save only that it shall and may he lawful for ahy Attbrriby ^rtpfoyed upon the Trial of any Civil Bill which shall be tried under the Provisions of this Act, relative tb the tfoffeffiori bf Lands and Premises, to charge and take from the Party by whom he shall be employed the Sum of TwCriky Shillings, in addition to the Sums which he is now by Law entitled to charge for his Attendance on the Hearing of any other Civil Bill; and that the same shall be taxed against the unfucceftful Party in case he shall have appeared at the Trial of such Civil Bill.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Tenement touching Which any Proceeding by Civil Bill shall be had in prirfuan<?e of this Act, shall be situate in Two or more Counties, such Proceeding shall be in any one of such Counties; and the Sheriffs of the respective Counties in which any Part of such Tenement shall be, and in which such Proceeding shall hot be had, shall execute such Decree as shall be made oh such Civil Bill, upon Delivery to him of a Copy thereof signed by the Judge who shall have made such Decree, with a Warrant for Execution thereupon signed by the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Quarter Session, or Recorder, as the case may be, aftrag for the County m which such Decree shall be required to be executed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases except Where the Proceeding shall be grounded on Non Payment of Rent, the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, or Recorder, as the case may be, shall (ign Two Copies of every Decree which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and also a

12 Memorial

A.D. 1816. j6° GEORGII III. C. 8& 957

S

Memorial thereof, for the Purpose of Registry in manner herein after mentioned and that hi* affixing hit m$be Signature to one of the said Copies shall be witnessed by some Person pscfeat at the timr of such Sigoatnae; Awct <* thu and thttt.it shall and may be lawful for the Landlord or Lessor, if he thinks proper, at any time between the Termination of the Affixes for the County then next enfinng, and the Commencement of the Affixes thereafter next following, to register One Copy of the find Decree in the Ofice for the Registry of Deeds and Wills in Ireland, by lodging a Memorial and proving the Ferfe&ion of the ferae in like maimer as is aow provided by Law for the registering of Deeds; and that from and after the Registry of the said Decree, it shall have the further Effect of a Conveyance to the said Landlord or Lessor of any laterest which the Tenant, or any Pfcrfon claiming under him, may or might hove in and to the said Lands and Premises, freed and discharged from.aH Leaf so, Contraste, Mortgages, Debts, Charges or Dscuoabraaces, which the said Tenant or any Person claiming under lma, may have charged, made or created thereon* M

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if aay Person in the feed Office for the Registry of Deeds in ^i^dSanded Ireland shall demand or take any mater Fee, Gratuity or Sum of Money, for or on occasion of the Registry for Registry of x>f any of the said Decrees, than be it sow by Law entitled to for the Registry of a Deed, he fhatt forfeit Decree, than for the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence* to be recovered ra an Adrian of Debt by any Person Registry of suing for the fame. Deed.

XIV. And Whweae by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of ix Ann. (L)

Her kite Majesty Queen Aime, intituled An Act for the more cffeSualpreventing of Frauds eommhtrd by Tenants,

4 it is provided, that no Proceedings by virtue of such Act for Breach of any Condition, statt prejudice the

Right or Title of aay Infant, Feme Covert, Person being non tempos mentis, or being out of His Majesty'*

Dominions 5 and by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty boor George the Fieft, W

4 to explain and amend the said former Act, it is provided, that the said Act of the Fourth Year of King George the First shall not extend to defeat the Estate, Right or Title of Infants, Femes Covert, or Person* ofnon fame Memory; and Acts were passed in the Eighth Year of His feid Majesty King George the First, and in the 8 x. (JO 4 Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, for further explaining and

amending the said former Acts: And Whereas such Pitmfioas have produced great Injufrice to Landlords, in 5 '

some Instaneee, by preventing the Enforcement of the Payment of Rent justly due to them, and in othect by

obliging them, after getting into Foffession of Lands and Premises by Ejectment for Non Payment of Rent,

4 to account for Mesne Profits for a great length of time p Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Provisions in the said Acts of Parliament, so far as relate to faring the Rights of Infanta, Femes Covert,

Persons being non compos mentis, or mfane, or out of His Majesty* Dominions, be and foe fame are.fereby repealed. in pm repealed.

XV. And Whereas by a Law passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, in foe Eleventh Year of foe J* G.a. c. 19.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, it ia amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be $ 8.

awful to and for every Lefibr or Landlord, Leffisrs or Landlords, or his, her or their Steward* Bailiff,

Receiver or other Person or Persons empowered by him, her or them, to take and seize as a Distrefe for

Arrears of Rent, all Sorts of Corn ana Grass, Hops, Roots, Fruits, PuHe or other Product whatsoever,

which shall be growing on any Part of the Estates so demised or holden, as a Distrefe for Arrears of Rent,

and the same to make, cut, gather, care, cany and lay up when ripe, in the Barns or other proper Place on the Premises so demised or balden; and in case there fiionld be no Barns or proper Place on the Premises so demised or holden, then in any other Barn or proper Pfcree which such Lessor or Landlord, Lessors or Land-

lords, shall have or otherwise procure for that Purpose, and as near as may be to the Premises, in convenient time to appraise, fell or otherwise dispose of the fame, towards Satisfaction of foe Rent for which such Distrefe shall have been taken, and of the Charges of such Distress, Appraisement and Sale, in foe feme manner as other Goods and Chattels may be Seized, distrained and disposed of; and the Appraisement thereof to be taken when cut, gathered, cured and made, and not before: And Whereas no such Provision existt in the Law of Ireland, and it is reasonable that the Remedies of Landlords in Ireland should in this Respect be as extensive

4 as they are in England* Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the First Day. of July next, it Landlord*, &c shall and may be lawful to and for cveij Lessor or Landlord in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great empowered to Britain and Ireland called Ireland, or his, her or their Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Person or Persons empowered by him, her or them, to take and seize, as a Distrefe for Arrears of Rent, all Sorts of Corn and RjjnL ears Grafe, Hops, Roots, Fruit, Pulse or other Product whatsoever, which shall be growing on any Part of the E dates so demised or holden, as a Distrefe for Arrears of Rent 5 and the feme to cut, gather, make, cure* carry and lay up, when ripe, in the Barns or other proper Place on the Premises so demised or holden; and in case there shall be no Barn or proper Place on the Premises so demised or holden, then in any other Barns or proper Place which such Lessor or Landlord, Letters or Landlords, shall hire or otherwise procure for that Purpose, and as near as may be to the Premises, and dispose of tbs fame towards Satisfaction of the Rent for which such Distrefe shall have been taken, and of the Charges of such Distrefe and Sale, in the same manner as any other Goods and Chattels distrained for Non Payment of Rent.

XVI. And Whereas it is fit and jnft that Provision Should be made for feenring the oceupying Tenant as

far as may be against being called upon for Payment more than Once of the Rent reserved and made payable to his immediate Landlord or Lessor out of the Land which he occupies, in consequence of superior Landlords

distraining for the Rents due to them respectively; For Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That ia all cases How Tenant where the entire Rent due and payable from the occupying Tenant to his immediate Landlord or Landlords, proceed in Lessor or Lessors, shall have been paid, or in any manner satisfied, if, in consequence of the Fraud, Malfeifence

or Neglect of such Landlord or Landlords to pay and fetitly the Rent due and owing to any superior Land- Landlord^hera

lord 1

95 8

Rent (hill have been paid to his immediate Landlord, and how and what Cods and Damages shall be recovered.

If Complainant prove Fads of Payment of Rent by Dif-treft, or otherwise he may re cover Damages.

Assistant Barrister, See. to have Jurisdiction in a City or Town which is a County ofitfelf

56 G. 3. c. 4 %

1, 8511ml. Five pet Cent. Con fols

194, 5001 Four per Cent. Reduced; and 1, 131, 9141.

3I/ T0.V per Cent. Annuities,

C. 88, 89. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

lord or Landlords, the Lands in the Hands of such occupying Tenant shall be distrained for any such Rent, then it shall be lawful for such occupying Tenant to proceed against such his immediate Landlord (through whose Default or Neglect to make such Payments the Lands in the Possession of such occupying Tenant shall have been distrained), or such occupying Tenant shall have been compelled to pay any Sum of Money to any such superior Landlord, to avoid a Distress for Rent due to such superior Landlord, to recover the Amount of Costs and Damages by him sustained thereby, by Civil Bill before the Recorder of the City of Dublin* if the Lands shall be in the County of the said City, or the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, if the Lands shall he in the said County, or before the Assistant Barrister, at the Quarter Sessions of any other County where such Lands shall be, in all cases where the same shall not exceed Fifty Pounds; and that the Amount of such Costs and Damages, when ascertained by the Decree of such Recorder, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions or Assistant Barrister, as the case may be, and the Amount of any Costs and Damages which may be ascertained by the Judgment of any superior Court, upon any Action which may be brought Tor that Purpose, may be tendered by the occupying Tenant, or his or their Representatives, in Payment of so much of the subsequently growing and accruing Rent as shall thereafter become due and payable, to such his immediate Landlord, and shall he accepted by such Landlord in Payment of the fame, or shall he recovered by Process of Execution as the said occupying Tenant so aggrieved shall deem most advisable.

XVII. And be it further «nafte<l, That if on such Trial by Civil Bill, before the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace or Recorder, as the case may be, the Complainant shall prove the Fads of Payment of Rent by Distress or otherwise to his immediate Landlord, and of the subsequent Seizure of his

-Goods or Stock under Distress by a superior Landlord, or his being compelled to pay any Sum of Money in or towards Satisfaction of Rent due to such superior Landlord to avoid any such Distress, he shall be entitled to recover in Damages, and shall so recover upon such Proof made of the Fads hereinbefore mentioned, without any other or further Proof of Damage sustained. Ten Pounds in the Hundred of the Rent reserved and distrained for, in addition to the whole Sum he shall have paid under such Distress to the superior Landlord, but shall not be precluded from entering upon Proof of other more aggravated or special Damage sustained, if he shall prefer such Mode of Proceeding for Recovery of due and adequate Compensation on such Account.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Tenement within the Provisions of this Act shall be situate in the whole or in Part within the County of any City or Town which is a County of it-self, except the County of the City of Dublin, the Assistant Barrister of the County at large, having Jurisdiction for other Purposes within such County of a City or Town, and the Justices of the Peace for such County at large, shall have the fame Jurisdiction and exercise the fame Powers, with respect to such Tenement, as if toe fame had been situate in the County at large, any thing in this Act, or any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to provide for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[26th June 1816.]

WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament aflem-

bled, have resolved that a Sum of Capital Stock, equal to the total Capital of the Public Debt f of Ireland, funded in Ireland in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities existing on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, hath been satisfied and discharged; and that so much of the Capital Stock purchased by and placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland, and (landing in their Names in the Books of the Governor and Company of the

Bank of Ireland, as Parliament by any Act or Acts to he passed for that Purpose should or might direct,

should be cancelled, and in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Debt of Ireland by way of Loan, or in any other manner, for the Service of the present or aoy future Year j And Whereas by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for roofing the Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland /for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen* the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland are empowered to issue Treasury Bills to an Amount not exceeding in the whole the Sum ot One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, bearing an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent. per Annum: And Whereas the Commons of the said United Kingdom in Parliament assembled have resolved, that towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency should be raised by Treafery Rills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: And Whereas the Charge of the said several Sums will amount to the Sum of One hundred and eighty two thousand five hundred Pounds: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for such Charge in manner by this Act herein

before directed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thpufimd eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of One million eight hundred and fifty two thousand and seventy two Pounds, Five Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, (landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in Ireland shall be cancelled; and that from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of Two hundred and ninety four thousand five hundred Pounds, Four Pounds per Cent, Reduced Annuities, and the Sum of Two million two hundred and thirty one thousand nine hundred and

14 fourteen

A.D. 1816. 56 GEORGII III. C. 89, 90. 959

fourteen Pounds, Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Cent. Annuities, Handing in the said Books of the Go- in the Names of

vernor and Company in the Names of the said Commissioners, shall in like manner be cancelled, and the said Commissioners

several Sums are hereby declared to be cancelled from the said Days respectively; and that from and after the said Days respectively the Interest or Dividends which would have been payable respectively upon the said

several Sums so cancelled shall cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or to be the Money for-

charged upon the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and the Money which would have been applicable to the merly applicable

Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland for the to Dividends to

Purpose of defraying the Charge occasioned by any Addition made or to be made to the Public Debt of Ireland in the present Year* Fund?*

CAP. XC.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

[26 th June 1816.]

[This Act % except as to Dates and tie Sedions that are retained, is the same as 55 G. 3. c. 165.]

IV. AND be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Militia when.Men of the Regular Militia, shall for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Pur- called out for pose of annual Exercise or Training, be entitled to the fame Pay and Allowances as the Officers, Non Com- Training or missioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Militia when embodied. to*Pay*enUllc

V. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain while disembodied, under certain Regulations; Be it further enacted, That the following Allowance* to Allowances shall be made and paid, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the manner herein after ex- Subaltern* and pressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate who held or shall hold a Commission in the Militia of Surgeon* Mato*. Great Britain> and was or shall be serving therein, when the Corps was or shall be disembodied; that is to say,

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem:

And to a Surgeon's Mate, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

Provided always, that all Officers of the Militia serving with the Rank of Captain-Lieutenant, shall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all Officers serving with the Rank of Second Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Ensigns for the Purposes of this Act: And provided always, that such Allowances .shall not be received for the Days during which the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which such Officers belong, is assembled for Training and Exercise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Militia who shall Oath to be taken

claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving -

the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effect following 5 (videlicet)

I A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the of Militia when the fame was disembodiedf

and that I have continued to serve therein from that time until the Day of

inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's Mate, (as tie case may be9) and that was not in my own Right or in Right of my Wife during the said Period in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of.

the Rents and Profits ot Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes, as

would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have not during % the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster or Quartermaster, in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or

enjoy during the said Period any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Half Pay as

1*So help me GOD.'

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the Paymaster of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming the Allowance.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate of the Militia who shall Subalterns and

be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exerdfe and Su*!*00*' Mate* Training of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, during the whole of the Time by Law nua^Exerrife appointed for that Purpose, and shall during the said Time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern &c.

Officer or Surgeon's Mate of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance as

well as the Rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof, which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend, and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, shall be furnished by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymaster of th^ Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to which the Officer shall belong: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming to be Commanding entitled to such Allowance shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered for any special Cause or Officer may unavoidable Necessity to be absent during the whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, for which Purpose Absence*it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such case it shall ence* be lawful for such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate who may be so permitted to be absent and have such

Leave

to entitle to such Allowances.

Form of Oath.

9*>o C. 90.

56° GEORGII III.

A.B. 1816-

Reason and Duration of Absence specified.

If Regiment not called out before Day fixed for the Half Yearly Payment, Allowance to be paid on taking Oath before a Justice, without Certificate of Attendance.

Paymasters to pay Allowances on 34th December and 24th June.

Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered, if serving in Militia, to receive Pay and Allowances, on taking the following Oatj).

Adjutants, See. Non Commissioned.Officers or Privates, not to lose their Right to Chelsea Pensions, 5cc.

Allowance to Surgeons for Medicines in addition to Pay.

Reduced Adjutant to receive 4s. per Day, till March 24, 1817.

Leave m Wrking, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof, in likp joaaner at if be had attended during the whole of the said annual Exercise s Provided always, that the Reason for such Ab-fonceas wett as the Duration thereof shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before -mentioned), to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furmshed as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, wherein such Suhaltem or Surgeon's Mate shall be -serving.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia after the di(embodying thereof, and before the nespective Days herein after fixed for the Half Yearly Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps had been furnished to the Pay-master of the Regiment.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not bare been called eut to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, Upon the said Oaths being produced to the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates, according to their respective Com-uuffions of Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's Mate, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Months or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, and the other proper Proportion of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, without any Deduction whatsoever; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval >or Military Half Pay, or being .entitled to any .Allowance as having .served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive ap.d take the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, £nfign$, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quarte^a^er8» Surgeons and .Surgeons' Mates, when assembled for annual'Training, and the receivipg and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermsffter, Surgeon-or Surgeon's Mate, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay or being entitled to any such Allowance from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

I A.B. do swear, I had not between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides jny Allowance of

Half Pay as* Reduced in His Majesty's Navy, [or in the Marines, or

4 in fate. Regiment of ], or Allowance as in

late'Troop of Horse Guards, or [ Regiment of Horse reduced], fare and

except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Eqfign, Adjutant, Payipaftpr*

' Quarter Mailer, Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate, [<w the case may fa] for serving in the Militia of the County of .*

And the taking ihe laid Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance .without taking any other Oath, any La.w, Dfage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, kztnd the-it further enabled, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer for Private Man : in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea Pensions or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia, whemaflembied for Training, nor shall any Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance of Two Shillings and Sixpence or Two Shillings a Day granted by this Act to Subalterns or Surgeons' Mates when disembodied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment , of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate rof One Guinea for ©very One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the Sick Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; and Ulfo an Allowance of Sixpence per Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expeoce of necessary Medicines"and Attendance given to the said Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers while such Regiment is. not called, out for annual Training and Exercise.

XVIII. And, be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and .determine, or reduced in.ks Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty .fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or from the time such Regiment shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen x Provided always, that do Perfoq shall be entitled to

receive

56° GEORGII III.

0.90, 91. 961

39*40 G. 3. c. 44* granting Allowance* to Adjutants and Serjeant Major!, revived from March 25, x8i6; and continued till March'25,

1817.

Allowance to Adjutants to be 4s. per Diem.

receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military under His Majesty, but no such Reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay, by reason

receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XIX. And Whereas it is expedient, that an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting, until the Twentyfifth Day of March One thou*

find eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of Militia, disembodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled ' An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain RefiriSions; which has been revived and continued by several subsequent Acts until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, should be again revived and further continued, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant

Majors; Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act, and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned, to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provisions relating thereto, shall be revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors: Provided always, that the Allowance to each Adjutant disembodied as aforesaid shall, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, be issued by the Receivers General of Counties at the augmented Rate of Four Shillings per Diem.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to regulate the Trade of the Colonies of Demeraray Berbice and Essequibo; to allow the

Importation into, and Exportation from, such Colonies, of certain Articles, by Dutch Proprietors of the European Dominions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands; and to repeal an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting a Trade between the United Provinces

and certain Colonies in His Majesty's Possession.

[26th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was paired in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti* 28 G. 3 c. 6.

V» tuled An Act for regulating the Trade betw ten the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations

in North Arqerica and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of Ame-

rica, and between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies: And Whereas it is expedient that the Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo, situated in the Province of Guiana in South 4 j4meric a, should be placed upon the fame footing, in relation to Regulations of Trade, as the British West India I (lands Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all the Benefits, Privileges and Advantages, and all the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said recited Act contained and provided, with respect to His Britannic Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies, shall extend and apply, and be in full Force and Effect as to the said Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were reenacted in and separately ana severally repeated in this Act as to the said Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for increasing the Duty on Rum and other Spirits, imported into Newfoundland from the British Co-4. Ionics and Plantations on the Continent of America, and charging a Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies, a Duty of Sixpence was imposed on every Gallon of Run? or other Spirits imported into the said Island of Newfoundland from any British Colony or Plantation in the West Indies: And Whereas it is expedient that Rum imported into the said Island from the aforesaid Colonies of berbice, Demerara and Essequibo, should be placed on the fame Footing as Rum imported from the other British Colonies \* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, upon every Gallon of Rum imported into the said Island of Newfoundland from the aforesaid Colonies of Berbice, Demerara and Essequibo, the Sum of Sixpence for every Gallon, and mo more; such Duties to be sued for, recovered and applied in the like manner and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided by the aforesaid recited Act.

III. And Whereas a Convention of Commerce and Navigation has been concluded between His Britannic Majesty and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands: And Whereas it is expedient to give effect to such Parts of the said Convention as require the Sanction of Parliament Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any of the Subjects of His said Majesty the King of the Netherlands, being Dutch Proprietors in such Colonies, to import from the Netherlands into the Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo, in the Province of Guiana in South America, all the usual Articles of Supply for their Estates in the said Colonies, such Articles being necessary and requisite as Supplies for the Cultivation of the Estates, or the Clothing, Maintenance and Comfort of the Residents thereon, and not to exceed what may be deemed necessary for the Supply of the particular Estates for which they are to be imported, and to be actually applied to the Purposes of such Supply, and not for Trade 5 and in case of Seizure by any Officer of the Customs of any Importations of such Articles, on the ground of their being imported in the Way or for the Purposes of Trade, and not as Supplies, the Proof that such Articles are Supplies, and im-56 Geo. III. 6 G ported

Regulations of North Amenta* Colonies, to extend to Deme-rara, &c.

52 G.3. CUrtf.

Rum imported, into Newfound^ land from Demerara, ftc to pay 6d. per Gallon,

Subjects of the Netherlands may import into Demerara, Sec. the usual Articles of Supply, but not fof Taade.

96* G, J. jfi° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

ppvttd under the Condition* of the Convention, fall lie on the JPofcft Proprietor ipmorUag the fane $ and in case of such Proof being made and given, in consequenOe of any Dispute Urifing thereupon before the GdL lefar or Principal Officer of the Customs, who n hereby empowered to administer an Oath or take Affidavit:

for the Purposes of any such Examination and Proof under this Act, the Goods shall be admitted to Entry: Provided always, that the Importer, before such Entry shall he allowed, shall enter into Bond, with Two Sureties, in a sufficient Sun, to abide the Decision of the Board of Customs in Enghmd, upon such Seizure: Wine topty* Provided also, that Wine, as a Medicine and aecessary Article of Supply, may be so imported to such a limited Duty tfxos. per Extent as may be necessary for the ParpoJe# of such Supply as a Medicine, and shall be liable to the Duty of Ton. Tea Shillings per Ton, and no more.

Batch Prsprio-

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it Hindi be lawful for any of the Subjects of His Majesty The King of the Netherlands, being Dutch Proprietors in such Colonies, to EiUtes. export from the said Colonies of Demeram, Berhke and EJtqviho, to the Netherlands, the Produce of their

Estates.

Who are to be considered, as Dutch Propria-fora

ProvKo as to Dutch and Br»-tUh Subjects.

Importation and Exportation to be in Ships belonging to Subject of the Netherlands, &c.

Proviso for orders of the King of the Netherlands.

Duties the same as payable by British Subjects.

Persons entitled to trade between Colonies and Netherlands not to export Produce to this Country, &c.

Importation! under the Convention to be deem ed lawful

5 tO. 3. repealed*

V. And be it farther enacted, That all Subjects of His Majesty The King of the Netherlands, resident in His said Majesty's European Dominions, who were at the Date of the Signature of the said Convention Proprietors of Estates in the said Colonies, and all Subjects of His said Majdby who may hereafter become pof-ietfed of Estates then belonging to Dutch Proprietors therein, and all such Proprietors as being then reddest in the said Colonies, and being Natives of His Majesty's Dominions in the Netherlands, may have declared within Three Months after the Publication of the aforesaid Convention in the said Colonies, that they wish to continue to be considered as such 5 and all Subjects of His said Majesty The King of the Netherlands, who may be the Holders of Mortgages of Estates in the said Colonies, made prior to the Date of the Convention, and who may under their Mortgage Deeds have the Right of exporting from the said Colonies to the Nether-lands the Produce of such Estates, shall be deemed Dutch Proprietors under the Provisions of this Act provided that where both Dutch and British Subjects have Mortgages upon the fame Property in the said Colonies, the Product to be consigned to the different Mortgagees shall Be in proportion to the Amount of the Debts respectively due to them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Importation from the Netherlands into the said Colonies for the Supply of Estates therein m aforesaid, and Exportation of the Produce of such Estates to the Netherlands, may be carried on in ally Ships being the Property of Subjects of His Majesty The King of the Netherlands, wherever butft, and without any Restriction or Limitation as to the Mariners navigating the fame for the Space of Five Years, commencing from the First Day of January last: Provided always, that the Master of every fudh Ship shall produce to the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs in the said Colonies respectively, satis-fedory Proof of the said Vessel'e being owned by a Subject of His Majesty The King of the Netherlands: Provided also, that His said Majesty The King of the Netherlands may at any time before the Expiration of the said Five Years, if he Ihoold think proper, order and direct that such Trade shall be carried on only in such Ships as art Dutch buih, and whereof the Master and Three Fourths of the Crew are the Subjects of His said Majesty: And provided always, that after the Expiration Of the fad Five Years no such Trade shall be carried on, except m Vessele Dutch buik, and whereof the Master and Three Fourth* of the Crew are Subte&a of His said Majesty.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all such Importation* and Exportations shall be subject to the fame Duties as are payable by His Majesty's Subjects on Importations and Exportation# of the like Articles, and shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions for the due landing of any such Produce as aforesaid in the Netherlands, as are provided by any Ad now in force for the landing of the like Ankles in Great Britain, so far as the same are or can be made applicable.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons who by virtue of this Act may be entitled to trade between the said Colonies and the Dominions of His Majesty The King of the Netherlands, to export the Produce of the before mentioned Estates within the said Colonies of DetherOra, Effequibe and Berbice, to any Part of the United Kingdom, or to any other of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe.

IX. And Whereas immediately after the signing of the aforesaid Convention, certain Vessele may have left

the Netherlands, and the Officers of His Majesty's Customs in the aforesaid Colonies, on being apprized of the aforesaid Convention, may have, by the Authority or Order of the Governor or otherwise, been induced to ad upon such Convention upon the Emergency of the Occafioil as if the fame had been confirmed by

Law; and it is expedient that all Importations and Admissions to Entry allowed under the Articles of the said Convention shall be confirmed and rendered valid Be it therefore enacted, That all Importations and Admissions to Entry, so made in pursuance or in cobsequence of any of the Articles of the said Contention, shall be and are hereby declared to be lawful, and as good, valid and effectual as if the fame had been made in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or this Act; and all Persons concerned therein shaft be and are hereby indemnified in respect thereof*

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting a Trade between the United Provinces and certain Colonies new in His Meqejtfs Pojefion> shall be and the fame it hereby repealed.

56° GEORGII III.

O.9 93*

CAP. XCII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting

Mint in the United States of America.

[26th June 181

WHEREAS the Government of the United States of America are desirous of erecting and establi flung 4 W a Mint, and of procuring and exporting the Machinery necessary for that Purpose, from this King<doip.: And whereas Doubts may arise, whether any Person in this Kingdom can execute the fame without being subject to certain Penalties and Forfeitures* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Writing or Warrant under his Hand and Seal, under such Restrictions and Conditions, and in such manner as His Majesty shall think proper, to license and authorize all and every Person and Persons whom the President of the said United States, or any Person authorized by him for that Purpose, shall think fit to employ for such Purposes, to have in his or their Power, Custody or roffession with Intent to export, and to collect, obtain, make^ apply for or cause or procure to be made, with Intent to export, and to export and to do or cause to be done, all or any Acts whatsoever in or for or towards the exporting, or which shall be necessary to enable him or them to make, obtain, have or procure for exporting, and to enable him or them to export any Machinery, Tools, Utensils, Implements or other things, of what Nature soever, or any Parts thereof, or any Models or Plans, or Parts thereof, for the effectually enabling fufch Persons as aforesaid to erect and establish, or cause to be erected and established, such Mint as aforesaid, and all Acts, matter8 and things, which shall be done in pttrfance of mid according to such Licence and Authority, shall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any Law or Statute to the contrary not withstand in g4

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and they are hereby required to take Entries, and sign Cocquets, Warrants and Sufferances, and to do or cause to be done aH Acts neceferry for the entering outwards, shipping or exporting such Machinery, Took, Utensils, Implements, Models, Plans and things as aforesaid, or any Parts thereof respectively, and that the fame or the Packages thereof or the Goods packed therewith, shall not be liable to Seizure by such Officers or others 5 and aHo that it shall be lawful for aH Captains and Masters of Ships, Vessels, Lighters or Boats, to take the fame on board thereof for the Purpose of exporting the fame, and in their said Ships, Vessels, Lighten and Boats, to export the fame, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Goods or Merchandize may How by Law be exported.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by such Writing or Warrant as aforesaid, to license and authorize any Person or Persons whom he shall name for that Purpose, to encourage, persuade, contract and agree with such Artificers and Workmen, atrd others, as he or such Person or Persons shall think it necessary to employ for the Purpose of erecting and efta* blishing such Mint as aforesaid, or for any Purpose relative thereto, to go out of this Kingdom for any such Purpose, and all Acts done by such Person and Persons, and such Workmen, Artificers and others in conformity to such Licence and Authority, shall be deemed and takes to be lawful Acts, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And for the better enabling any such Person or Persons to undertake and execute such Work as aforesaid, ' Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's said Principal Secretaries of State, by such Writing or Warrant as aforesaid, to license and authorize any Person or Persons to do, or cause to be done, any other matter. Act or thing not herein specified, which it shall appear necessary or eepe* dient to such Secretary to license or authorize for the enabling such Person or Persons or the Persons employed by him or them, to execute such Work as aforesaid, and all Acts, matters and things done in conformity to such Licence and Authority, shall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and m case any Questron shall arise, whether any Act, matter or thing, done or procured to be done by any such Person relative to such Work as aforesaid, bath been done, or procured to be done, in conformity to any such Licence or Authority as aforesaid, or according to the Intent and Meaning thereof, it shall be lawful for anry of His Majesty's Pnircipal Secretaries of State, upon Application made by any such Person or on his behalf, by Writing under Iris Hand and Seal, to declare whether the fame hath been done in conformity thereto, or according to such Intent and Meaning; and the Declaration of His Majesty's said Secretary so made that the fame hath been so done, shall be final and conclusive Evidence that the fame hath been so done, and shall be received in all cases as such final and conclusive Evidence.

Cap. xciii.

Secretaries.*)?, State authorized to license Per?.Tons to export Machinery for erecting a Mint in the United States.

Officers of the Customs to take Entries.

Secretaries of State te authorize Persons to engage Artificers,

and to do every thing neteffkry to execute the Work

Declaration of Secretary of State that every thing has been done in conformity to Li* cence, Evidence thereof.

An Act: for enabling the Officers of the Customs at Creeks, Harbours and Basins of Great Britain, to take Entries of Ships and Goods arriving from and bound to Ireland* [atfth June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Officers of His Majesty* Customs at Creeks, Harbours and

Basins of Great BUain, should be authorized to take the Entries of Goods imported in Ships or Vessels arriving from Ireland, or intended to be laden on board Ships or Vessels bound to Ireland, so far a»

respects such Produce of the United Kingdom as is permitted by Law to pass from one Country to the x other without Payment of Duty Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Comntifikmers of His Commissioners

6G Majesty's 0 #C

564 56" OEOR'611' III. AjD. 1816.

may suthorite the Principal Officers at Creeks and Har. hours, to take Entries of certain Goods.

Documents as valid as if taken at Custom House.

55 G 3. c. 66.

I 1.

CndHed Rock Salt may be de llvered to Makers of Oxgyen-ated Muriatic Acid for Bleach, ing under the Regulations preferred by recited Act.

Salt to be mixed in Presence of Officer with Powder of Black Manganese.

Such mixed Salt to be used in lieu of the Salt used under recited Act in preparing the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid.

Paper Makers not prevented from using Oxy-niuriate of Lime in bleaching Rags.

Majesty's Customs in England for the time being, or any Four or more of them, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them^ whenever and so long as they may deem it proper, to authorize the Principal Coast Officer or Coo^ptroller, or otheif Principal Officer of the Customs at any Creek, Harbour or Basin of Great Britain, to take the Entries of Goods imported in any Ship or Vessel from Ireland, or intended to be laden on board any Ship or Vessel bound to Ireland, so far as respects such Produce of the United Kingdom as is permitted to pass from one Country to the other without Payment of Duty.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Document, Act and Deed, in respect thereof, taken by and in the Presence of such Officers, shall be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and subject and liable to all Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if taken at the Custom House by and in the Presence of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port to which such Creeks, Harbours and Basins belong; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to allow Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take crushed Rock Salt, Duty free, for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, for bleaching Linen and Cotton.

[26th June f 8ftf.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for (amongst other things) allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take Salt, Duty free, for making*such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, for bleaching Linen and Cotton 5 any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated*Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, in Great Britain, may receive and have delivered to him, her or them, from and out of any Warehouse belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, or Salt Refinery, for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton*Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twill, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime, for the foie ( Purpose of such bleaching as aforesaid, upon such Bond or Security as is prescribed and directed by that*Act: And Whereas it is expedient to permit such Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or*Oxymuriate of Lime, for the sole Purpose aforesaid, to receive and have delivered to him, her or them, from and out of any Warehouse belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, any crushed Rock Salt, for the sole Purpose aforesaid, upon such Bond as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, in Great Britain, to receive and have delivered to him, her or them, from and out of any Warehouse belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, Salt Work or Salt Refinery, crushed Rock Salt for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lipie, for the sole Purpose of such bleaching as aforesaid, under and subject to the several Provisions and Regulations prescribed and contained in the said Act with respect to the Salt so received and delivered as aforesaid, as fully and effectually, as if the fame were repeated and contained in the present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Salt to be received and delivered to any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall before such Delivery and after such Salt shall have been weighed for that Purpose, be thoroughly mixed in the Presence of the Officer with Powder of Black Manganese in the Proportion of Five Pounds of such Powder of Black Manganese with every Bushel of such Salt; and that the Officer shall, in the Permit to be given for the Removal of such Salt, express the Quantity of Salt only, specifying that such Salt has been mixed with Powder of Black Manganese in the Proportion aforesaid; and that the Officer who shall afterwards attend the mixing of such Salt with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese and Water, as prescribed by the said Act, for the making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, shall permit such Salt so mixed as aforesaid to be used in lieu of genuine merchantable Salt, otherwise called Muriate of Soda, unmixed with any Dirt, Rubbish or other extraneous Material or Ingredient whatsoever, and fit and proper for salting Provision for the Food of Man, and shall deduct Five Pounds Weight of Manganese from the Weight of Manganese directed by the said Act to be then mixed with every Fifty six Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and such Certificate of mixing shall be granted in respect of such Salt as is directed by the said Act, in respect of mixing genuine merchantable Salt; and no such Maker or Makers shall be subject in respect of such Mixture of Powder of Black Manganese with such Salt before the Delivery thereof as aforesaid to the Penalty imposed by the said Act upon any such Maker or Makers, who shall before the making of any Salt intended to be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, under or by virtue of the said Act, clandestinely add to such Salt any extraneous or adulterating Mate-rial or Materials, or Substance or Substances whatsoever, any thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained, shall prevent, or be construed to prevent, any Maker or Makers of Paper, from using in the bleaching of Rags< to be employed by such Maker or Makers of Paper in the Manufacture of Paper, any Oxymuriate of Lime or Bleaching Liquor, made and prepared in the manner and according to the Directions, and by the Persons entitled to make the fame, in and by the said recited Act and this Act made, mentioned and prescribed.

o* CAP.

A.D. 1811 6.

56° GEORGII ' III,

0, 95, 964 96

CAP. XCV.

An Act to authorize such Person as His Majesty shall appoint to transfer a certain Sum in Three Pounds per Cent. Reduced Annuities, now (landing in the Name of the dissolved College of Hertford, in the University of Oxford; and also to receive Dividends due upon such Annuities.

[26th June 1816.]

WHEREAS by the Laws in being, relative to the Transfer of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, Books are directed to be kept by the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of such Annuities shall be entered and registered, and such Entries are to be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and to be signed by the Parties making such Transfers, or, if such Party be absent, by his or their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and it is also declared, that no other Method of assigning and transferring such Annuities shall be good or available in Law: And Whereas by an In-quisition taken at the City of Oxford, on the Fourth Day of May last, by virtue of a Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, it was (amongst other things) found that Hertford College, in the University of Oxford, on the Twenty eighth Day of Junet in the Year One thousand eight hundred and five, became and was dissolved, and that the said dissolved College at the time of its Dissolution was possessed of One thousand Pounds Capital Stock in the Three per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities, (landing in the Names of the Principal and Fellows of Hertford College, Oxford, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and that since the Diflbhition of the said dissolved College the Dividends on the said Sum of One thousand Pounds Three per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities had been, and still were in arrear and unpaid; and that the said Stocks, Funds, Monies and Securities had escheated and devolved, and did then belong to His Majesty, by virtue of His Prerogative Royal, and the fame were, by the Commissioners in the said Commission named, seized into the Hands of His Majesty; but by reason of the Laws aforesaid there are no Means of making a Transfer of such Annuities, or of receiving the Arrears of Dividends due thereon, without the Authority of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice rnd Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under His or their Royal Sign Manual, to appoint and empower any Person or Persons to assign and transfer the said Sum of One thousand Pounds Capital Stock of Three per Cent. Reduced Annuities, into the Name of any other Person or Persons, and also to receive all such Dividends as are or shall be due and in arrear upon the said Capital Stock, and to give proper Receipts and Discharges for the fame; and such Person or Persons so appointed and empowered as aforesaid may and shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to assign and transfer the said Sum of One thousand Pounds Capital Stock, now (landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England', from the Name of the Principal and Fellows of Hertford College, Oxford, into the Name of any other Person or Persons; and also to receive and give proper Receipts and Discharges for all such Dividends upon the said Capital Stock, as are or shall be due and in arrear; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall be, and they are hereby held harmless and indemnified from and against all Claims and Demands of or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or by reason or in consequence of the Transfer of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds Three per Cent. Reduced Annuities, hereinbefore authorized and directed to be transferred, or in any manner respecting the fame, or for or by reason or in consequence of the Payment by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of the Dividends hereinbefore directed to be received; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be required to fee to the Application of the said Dividends, nor be in any manner responsibie for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

His Majesty may empower any Person to s transfer the y 1000I Three per Cent. Re* dured Annuities now (landing in the Name of the di'tolved College of Hertford, into the Names of any other Persons, and receive the Dividends. Bank indemnified.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England> for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[26th June 1816J

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and contented to

advance the Sum of Three Millions Sterling for the Public Service, in the manner and upon the

Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned, upon the said Governor and Company being authorized

and empowered by Parliament to increase their Capital Stock, which now consists of Eleven millions six hundred and forty-two thousand four hundred Pounds to Fourteen millions five hundred and fifty-three thousand Pounds, and that the proposed Encrease of Two millions nine hundred and ten thousand fix

hundred Pounds may be appropriated amongst the Proprietors of Bank Stock at the Rate of Twenty five

Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of Bank Stock which they respectively held on the Twenty-third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and, until Repayment to the said Governor and Company of the said Sum of Three Millions, upon the Promissory Notes of the said Governor and Company,

966 Q, g6,

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

paid, fractional Parts of Twenty Shillings only excepted; and that in consideration of the above proposed

Encrease of the Capital of Bank Stock, and of the Notes of the said Governor and Company being

received in Payment of every Branch of the Public Revenue as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company ' (kail advance the said Sum of Three Millions Sterling for the Public Service, to be paid on such Days

during the present Year, and in such scanner as Parliament shall direct and appoint* the Repayment

thereoif to be secured with Interest at the Rate of Three per Cent, per Annum payable annually, and to be

Bank to advance 3, 000, 0001. at Three per Cent.

Interest to be paid yearly.

Tune of GUpeyr ment of Principal

Capital Stock of the Bank encreased;

Toby divided apaonetbe Propriety* after the Rate of Oil. for every iool Bank Stock.

Bank Notes to be received in Payment of the Public Revenue.

Encreated Capital Stock to be transferred in same manner as the Original

apd loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland io Parliament aflfembkd, being desirous to raise with as much Ease and Advantage as possible to Your Subjects the necessary Supplies, and to encourage the said Governor and Company to advance the said Sum of Three Millions, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered, on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Consolidated Fund, the Sum of Three Millions Sterling at an Interest of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum* such Interest to be payable annually to the said Governor and Company at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, any thing contained io any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Repayment of the said Sum of Three Millions and the Interest thereof at the Rate aforesaid, be and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable upon the Confohdated Fund, unless other wise provided for by Parliament, and that such Interest shall be paid annually to the find Governor and Company, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; the First annual Payment thereof to commence and be made within Tea Days after the Expiratioa of One Year from the time when the find Sum of Thyee Millions shall have been advanced by the said Governor and Company as authorized and directed by this Act; and that the said Sum of Three Millions with all Arrears of Interest thereon shall he repaid to the said Governor and Company at such time or times as Parliament shall direct or appoint, but so as such Repayment of the said Principal Sum with all Arrears of Interest thereon shall be made and completed on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

III. And be it further enacted, That in consideration of the said Advance of Three Millions for the Public Service as aforesaid, the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company be and the fame is hereby encseased and extended from the Sum of Eleven millions six hundred and forty two thousand four hundred Pounds, of which the fame now consists, to the Sam of Fourteen millions five hundred and fifty three thousand Pounds* making an Encrease or Addition of Two millions nine hundred and ten thousand six hundred Pomade Capital Stock, and that the said Sum of Two millions nine hundred and ten thousand fix bundled Pounds Capital Stock shall be appropriated and divided amongst the several Persons, Bodies Politic. and Corpses* who were Proprietors of Bank Stock on the Twenty third Day of May* One thousand eight hunched and sixteen, at the Rate of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of Bank Stock which such Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, were then respectively Proprietors of or had (landing in their respective Names in the Books kept by the said Governor and Company for the Entry and Transfer of such Stock, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Sum, and such Diviuon and Appropriation shall be placed to the Credit of the respective Names of such Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, in the Books of the said Governor and Company accordingly; and all such Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, shall from the time of such Division and Appropriation be lawfully entitled to the additional Sum of Bank Stock so placed in or to the Credit of their respective Names, and shall respectively be entitled to be paid the fame Rate of Dividend thereon, and to possess and enjoy the fame Profits, Privileges and Advantages in respect thereof, in lik? manner to all Intents and Purposes as they were entitled to be paid, possess and enjoy in respect of the Bank Stock which flood in their respective Names on the said Twenty third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That until Repayment to the said Governor and Company of the said Sum of Three Millions and all Interest to become due thereon, the Promissory Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable to Bearer on Demand (called Bank Notes), shall be received in Payment of all Sums of Money which now are or at any time hereafter shall become payidiie for or in respect of any Part of the Public Revenue, and shall be accepted and received accordingly by all Collectors* Reoeivers and other Officers of the Revenue authorized to receive the same if offered to be so paid, fra&ional Parts of Twenty Shillings only excepted.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England so encreased as aforesaid shall be assignable and transferrrable in the same manner as the original Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company was assignable and transferrable before the making of this Act, and together with the Produce thereof shall be free from Parliamentary Taxes, Charges and Impositions, and all other Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever; and the Transfers or Affigiunents of Stock or additional Stock in the Books of the said Company shall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater

8* Stamp

5& GrEGRClI III.

C. 9G, 97. 967

Stamp or ether Duties than arse now payable for the Transfer* or Aiighi&ttiti of tbrir pffefoot Stbfck* bt aft? Part thereof; any thing in this Act contained or in iany Other Ad t>t Act t>f Pirlftnfcftt tfe tlft CUtiUM? in an?wifo fltitwknftandittg.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to authorize thfc advancing, fof the Public Service, a Proportion Of tho Balance that shall remain from time to time in the Bank of England for the Payment of Dividends on account of the Public Debt, for Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and Principals of Stocks and Annuities remaining unclaimed., [26th June 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Porty eighth Year of the Iteign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the advancing, for the Public Service, upon certain Conditions, a Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends > Annuities and Lottery Privet; and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt; it Was among other things enacted, that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shouM pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at We/hmnflePi out of the Balances in their Hands of Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends due and not demanded* and of unclaimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits* the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service Of the Year One thousaitd eight hundred and eight: Afift Whereas the said Governor and Company duly paid the said Sum in pursuance of the said Act: And Whemos a considerable Balance now remains in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Payment of Dividends on account of the Public Debt, for Lottery Prizes Or Benefits not claimed* and Principals of Stocks and Annuities remaining Unclaimed; and it is just and expedient that a Part of the said Balance should be advanced for the Service of the Public, on condition that if at afiy time the said Balance shall be reduced to a less Sum than One hundred thousand Pounds, then and in that case so much of the Monies advanced by the said Governor and Company as shall be equal to the Sum by which the field Balance shall be less than the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, shall be repaid to the said Governor and Company Therefore we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Gbfc* ffefat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within Thirty Day* after the Expiration of every Quarter an Account shall be taken of the lowed Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of 8urtis (ffued for the Payment of Dividends and Terminable Annuities on account of the National Debt due and not demanded, and for the Payment of Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and aHb of BfanS which shall have beet) issued for the Payment of Principals of Stocks or Annuities remaining Unclaimed $ and it (fe*ll be lawful for the said Governor and Company to retain a Balance of One hundred thousand Pounds from and ont of the lowed Sum to which the Dividends, Terminable Annuities, Lottery Prizes and Principals bf Stocks aforesaid, due and remaining unclaimed, shall appear by such Account to have been reduced at Any time in such Quarter; and the whole of the Amount which shall remain doe and unclaimed, deducting thete-sham such Sum as may be due and payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament, over and above such Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds as afevesaid, shall, upon the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of CBober, the Fifth Day of Pdtittarf9 and the Fifth Day of Abril, in every Year, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and applied to futh Services as shall be directed by Parliament, without any Interest for the fame; and if at any tixtie hereafter the Monies remaining in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which have been iAiied to them for the Payment of any such Dividends, Lottery Prizes, or Benefits, and Principals bf Stocks attd Annuities, doe and remaining unclaimed, shall be reduced to a less Sum than One hundred thousand Pounds, the said Governor and Company shall forthwith transmit a Certificate of the fame, ftgbed by One of their Cashiers, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treaforet for the time being, and also tv the Auditor of the Exchequer for the time being, containing a true Statement of the Amount to wbkh the said Monies shall then be reduced; and that forthwith on the same Day on Which any such Ceftifi* eftfe containing such Statement as aforesaid shall be presented to the said Auditor at the Receipt of the Exche eftlet, the said Auditor shall make out a proper Debenture, directing the Payment of such Sum of Money ax it mrtdl appear by such Certificate the said Balances shall be reduced under One hundred thousand Pounds, which tm Sum of Money shall, in case the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall demand the faffed, be issued and paid out of any Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Aids of Supplies granted til His Majesty, for the Service of the current Year or of any preceding Year, or out of any Monies arising frtnrt the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund which may remain at the End of any Quartet for the Dispositibn of Parliament; and etery such Debenture, being carried to the Clerk of the Pells, shall be forthwith recorded itl the usual Method in which Debentures are by him recorded; and thereupon the Teller or Tellers on whom iiiy such Debenture shall be charged, shall, upon the fame being presented to him or them, immediately pay or cattfe to be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers, for the Use of the said Governor and Company, the Sum Contained in such Debenture accordingly 5 and in case, after the Repayment of any Part of the Monies which shall have been advanced under this Act, the said Balances shall at any time be again further reduced, in such case, as often as the same shall happen, such a further Sum shall in Hke manner be repaid to the said Govefnot and Company, as shall keep a Balanoe in the Hands of the said Gbttfhbr and Company, for the Payment of

any

4*G.3'<*4*

An Account shall be taken Quarterly of Amount of Balances for Payment of Divi-dends on account of the Public Debt. Balance to be retained.

Remainder of Unclaimed Dividends to be paid into the Exchequer.

If Balance be reduced, Deficiency to be made good.

Certificate.

Proceedings when it appears that Balance reduced under 1, 000, 000l.

interest to be ptid for Money not immedijtely Wiied.

Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland shall become One General Consolidated Fund.

Offices of Treasurer of Great Britain and Ireland united, and may be executed by Commissioners.

Officers uf the Revenue subject to Orders of the Treasury.

C. 9'7, 98. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

any Annuities or Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stocks and Annuities, due and not demanded as aforesaid, of One hundred thousand Pounds.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which any such Money shall not be immediately issued to the said Governor and Company, or their Cashier, upon such Certificate as aforesaid, interest at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be charged by and paid to the said Governor and Company upon such Sum, until the same shall be issued and paid to the said Governor and Company.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland; and to provide for the Application thereof to the General Service of the United Kingdom.

[lft July 1816.]

WHEREAS it hath become expedient, for further carrying into effect the Provisions and Purposes of t Two several Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, (the One made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His Present Majt fty's Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, ) that all the Public Revenues

of Great Britain and Ireland should be consolidated and applied to the Service of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, aH Rates, Duties, Taxes, Receipts, Sums of Money and Revenues, of what nature or kind soever, which, under or by virtue of any Ail or Aits in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively at the time of the passing of this Act, and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall or may constitute or form Part of, or be directed to be carried to the several Funds called the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and the Consolidated Fund of Ireland respectively, shall be carried to, and shall be and become, and shall form and constitute One General Fund, to be called the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ whether the fame or any Part thereof shall be in the Exchequer of Great Britain or in the Exchequer of Ireland, shall, in the First Place, be charged and chargeable with, and shall from time to time be applied indiscriminately to the Payment of the whole of the interest of the National Debts of Great Britain and Irclandy and the Sinking Funds applicable to the Reduction thereof, as One joint Consolidated National Debt, interest and Sinking Fund; and in the next Place, the said Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom shall in like manner be charged and chargeable with, and shall be applied to the Payment of the Salaries and other Charges of His Majesty's Civil List Establishments in Great Britain and Ireland; and in the next Place, the said Consolidated Fund of the Lid United Kingdom shall be in like manner charged and chargeable with, and shall be applied in Payment of all other Charges whatsoever, made payable out of the Consolidated Funds of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, undet or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and after Payment and Satisfaction of all the aforesaid Charges, the said Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom shall be in like manner indiscriminately applied to the Service of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Part thereof, as shall be directed by Parliament, and shall be issued and applied accordingly, in manner and under the Authority herein after mentioned and directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeeen, the Offices of Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain and Lord High Treasurer of Ireland shall be united into One Office, and the Person holding the same shall be called Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that whenever there shall not be any such Lord High Treasurer, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to appoint Commissioners for executing the Offices of Treasurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain and Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and that such Commissioners shall be called Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and that the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities in and through the whole of the said United Kingdom, with respect to the Collection, Killing and Application of the whole Revenues of the United Kingdom, as at the time of the passing of this Act, and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, are or shall or may be vested in the Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Law, Usage or Custom in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, by whatever Names or Descriptions such Commissioners of the Treasury shall or may have been at any time known or described 5 save and except in so far as any such Powers or Authorities may be altered or amended by this Act 5 and that all Officers and other Persons concerned or employed in the Col* leition or Management of the Revenues in and through every Part of the United Kingdom, shall be in all respects subject to the Orders and Controul of the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and shall be liable to all such Penalties and Punishments for Disobedience of such Orders as they are or would be subject or liable to under and by virtue of any Acts, Laws, Usages or Customs, with respect to the Powers of the Commissioners of the Treasury in force in Great Britain ana Ireland respectively at the time of the passing of this Act and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen,

A.B.i8i 6. 5^8 GEORGII III. C. 98k 969

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever in this Act, or in any Ad to be made at any time after the The Word, passing of this Act, the Words u Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, " or the Words " Commissioners " ^om, ffio.?eri " of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland " are or shall be used, the £c

same shall be construed to extend and apply to the Commissioners for executing the Offices of Treasurer of Commissioners the Exchequer of Great Britain and Lord High Treasurer of Ireland\ whenever such Commission shall be in for executing force; and that all and every Act and Acts which at any time shall or may have been done or executed, or the Offices of shall or may be done or executed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain or Ireland, Treasurer of the or the United Kingdom respectively, under or by virtue or Authority of any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, Great^BHtahi in force before the passing of this Act, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwith- and Treasurer of Handing any Error or O million in the Names or Descriptions whereby any such Commissioners of the Treasury Ireland, shall or may have been at any time known, or named or described.

IV. And be it further enacted, That (for the Purposes of issuing out of the Exchequer of Ireland all A Vice Tret-Sums which shall be paid into the fame, under or by virtue of the several Acts which now are or hereafter may furer W01* be in force in Ireland for that Purpose, or which shall be paid into the fame out of the General Revenue of the United Kingdom, under the Orders of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, ) it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from time to time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, to appoint a Vice Treasurer for Ireland, with a yearly Salary not exceeding Two thousand Pounds British Sterling a Year, to be paid to such Person for the Salary, executing of the said Office, payable out of the Revenue appropriated to His Majesty's Civil List Establishment in Ireland

V. And be it further enacted, That such Vice Treasurer for Ireland to be appointed in manner aforesaid Vice Treasurer shall take such Oath before the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, or before the Commissioners for the Cuf- ukc 0*lh tody of the Great Seal of Ireland, as was accustomed to be taken by the Vice Treasurer of Ireland\ before cellor of Ireland the passing of an Act made in the Parliament of Irelandin the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's 35 $.3.^Reign, intituled an Act for the better Regulation of the Receipts and issues of His Majesty's Treasury; and for repealing an Act of Parliament passed in the Tenth Tear of Henry the Seventh, intituled ' An Act authorizing the Treasurer to male all Officers aj the Treasurer of England doth; and that it shall and may be lawful for Vice Treasurer speh Vice Treasurer for Ireland to appoint any Person to be his Deputy to ad during his Absence or Inca-parity from Sickness 5 and that all Acts done by such Deputy shall be as good and valid to all Intents and*6

purposes as if they were done by such Vice Treasurer in his own proper rerson; and that such Vice Treasurer shall be answerable and responsible for all Acts done by such Deputy in the Execution of the Duty of his Office $ and that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Payment for the Ireland from time to time, by his or their Warrant to the said Vice Treasurer, to order the Issue and Payment annual Establish-qut of the said Exchequer of any such Sum or Sums of Money for the annual Establishment and incidental and contingent Expences attendant upon the said Office of Vice Treasurer, as the Commissioners of His office! Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall from time to time order and direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred Money shall be and seventeen, no Money shall be issued out of the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, otherwise than by out of the the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or 2ndon?he W«r-Qovernors of Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned; and that the said Vice Treasurer shall not issue, nor rant of the Lord cause to be issued, out of the said Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money what- Lieutenant, soever (except as herein after mentioned), until such Vice Treasurer shall have received a Warrant, under the countersigned by Hand of such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, directed to the said Vice Treasurer jje V*ce

for that Purpose 5 and that the said Vice Treasurer shall countersign all such Warrants of such Lord Lieu- Trctrurer*

tenant, or^other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and that after such Counter Signature upon such

Warrant, such Warrant shall be entered and marked by any Officer or Person thereto authorized by the said

Vice Treasurer, and whereof Notice shall be given by the said Vice Treasurer to the Auditor General of the said Exchequer; and such Warrant, so being duly entered and marked, shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Auditor General of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, for the Issue by the said Auditor General

of his Order for Payment on the Teller of the said Exchequer: Provided always, that there shall be a Authority for

sufficient Authority for all such Payments under some Grant from His Majesty, or some of his Royal Pre-.fucl1 PayTO*n,-1

decessors, or under some Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf, and not otherwise; and that all such

Payments shall not exceed the Amount authorized under the respective Acts by virtue of which such Issues

Aiall be made, or the annual Grants of Parliament, as the same shall be specified in the Appropriation Acts of each Session.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Warrants which shall have been signed by the Commis- Warrants prior sioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, bearing Date on or before Fifth Day to Jan. 5, 1817, df January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and which shall then remain in the Office of the Au- to*"

4itor General of the Exchequer, unsatisfied and unpaid, or partly unsatisfied or unpaid, shall be good, full

and sufficient Authority to the said Auditor General for the Issue of his Order to the Teller of the Exchequer for Payment, until the full Amount of such Warrants be satisfied and paid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And, in order that no Annual Grants of Parliament may be exceeded, be it further enacted, That Issues far Ireland all Grants under the Great or Privy Seal or Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, King's l°* in

Letters or King's Warrants, directing the Issue of any Money for Services in Ireland out of such Annual of Great*Britan Grants, shall be entered and recorded in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer in Great Britain who shall 56 Geo. III. 6 H cause'

llfttes m*y he made from the Exchequers in Great Britain and Ireland, for Payment of Interest and Sinking Fund of National Debt, &c. without waiting for Quarterly Accounts.

Quarterly Accounts of Consolidated Fund in Great Britain and Ireland shall be transmitted from each Country to the other, and deposited in the several Exchequers.

Treasury may direct the I flue of any Part of the Quarterly Surplus of Consolidated Fund in either Exchequer, for the Purpose of Remittance to the other.

(flues may be made in Ireland out of Consolidated Fund, for current Services as heretofore, and the Amount to be made good in the British Exchequer.

So much of 37 0.3. (I.) as appoints Commissioners for the

Reduction of National Debt in

C. 98J 56° GEORGII ' fife. A.D. r8i6.

cause the Entry thereof to be certified thereon, and the same to be forthwith fetfltneJ to the Commissionreti of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in Order to their being transmitted to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

IX. And Whereas great Inconvenience would arise to the Public Service if the Issues from the Exchequer.

in either Part of the United Kingdom, for the Payment of Interest and Sinking Fund of the National Debt, 1 and of such Charges as, according to the Practice heretofore prevailing in the said Exchequers respectively,

have usually been paid immediately before or after the Cloic of every Quarter, were delayed until the respective Quarterly Accounts of the Exchequers of Great Britain and Ireland were made up and settled; For preventing of such Inconvenience, be it enacted, That in regard to the Exchequer ta Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being; and, with regard to the Exchequer in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, under Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in manner by this Act provided, to direct the Issue of all such Sums as may be necessary for the Payment of the Interest and Sinking Fund of the National Debt, which shall be payable in either Part of the United Kingdom, and of all such Charges as have heretofore usually been defrayed out of the Consolidated Funds thereof respectively, immediately before or after the Close of every Quarter, although the Accounts of the respective Exchequers shall not have been made up and settled; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anjwise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Quarterly Accounts of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom shall have been made up in the respective Exchequers of Great Britain and Ireland, a Copy of the Account of such Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, as shall have arisen in Great Britain within the preceding Quarter, shall be drawn out and certified by the Auditor of the Exchequer there, and be transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, who shall cause the same to be transmitted to the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, with Directions to him to cause the same to be deposited in the Office of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, for the Information of the proper Officers there; and a Copy of the Account of such Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom as shall have arisen in Ireland within the preceding Quarter, shall in like manner be drawn out and certified by the Auditor General of the Exchequer there, and be transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, who shall order the same to be deposited in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, for the Information of the proper Officers there.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Surplus of Consolidated Fund remaining in the respective Exchequers of Great Britain or Ireland at the Close of any Quarter, shall have been ascertained and certified as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, as the case may be, to order and direct that all or any Part of such Surplus remaining in the Exchequer of either Part of the United Kingdom, shall be issued to such Person or Persons as in such Warrant may be named, for the Purpose of being remitted and transferred to the Exchequer of the other Part of the United Kingdom, as the Exigencies of the Public Service of the United Kingdom may appear to them to require.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Issues being made from the Exchequer in Ireland out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund arising from time to time in that Part of the United Kingdom, for the necessary current Services thereof according to the invariable Course and Practice which hath heretofore prevailed there; fdch I flues, neverthelefg, to be made in the Form and manner directed by this Act: Provided always, that on or before the First Day of February in every Year, an Account shall be made up in the Exchequer of Ireland\ of all Sums which shall have been issued out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, arising there during the respective Quarterly Periods commencing and ending as aforesaid, for defraying the current Services of Ireland, specifyiftg in such Account the Heads of Service for which such I flues were made; which Account shall be certified by the Auditor General of His Majesty's Exchequer there, and shall be forthwith transmitted by the Vice Treasurer to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and such Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners, or any Three or more of such Commissioners, as the case may be, shall thereupon, by a Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, order and direct that out of any of the Aids or Supplies of the Year remaining in the Exchequer in Great Britain, applicable to the Discharge of such Sum or Sums respectively, a Sum or Sums equal to such certified Amount of the Issues made out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, arising in Ireland for defraying the current Services there, shall be carried and placed to the Account and Credit of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom within such Quarter, and the same shall thereupon be carried and placed to such Account and Credit by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain % and by the Auditor General of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That io much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, intituled An Act for vffting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to direB the Application of additional Funds in case of future Loans to the like Purposes; or of any A & for amending the same, as directs that certain Persons shall be Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed \ and that

16 from

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C.g». 971

from aid after the Fifth Day of Jamaary One thovfend eight hnndredaad foreoJteea, the CommislieneM far Ireland, r«-he Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain shall bejod become Comaiffionersfor the Reduction of the P*lf£: 'National Debt of the United Kingdom; and that the ftidGtmraaaffionersfei&U have aRfuch Powers and Authorities fi^r$

«s are or may be given in and by ary Act or Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland, redative to the fie- ComraiOjono? 'duftion of the National Debt of Great Britain or the National Defat of Ireland; and that the sevend Stm» for the Reduc-which under and by virtue of several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, are required to non of the Na-be set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain and the 'Receipt of the Exchequer of IrAand tjonal Debtpf respectively, on account of the Commissioners for the Reduction erf the National Debt of Great Britain and of the National Debt of Ireland, shall continue to he so set apart; and that all such Sums so set apart, or any

Salt or Parts thereof, ffiaH and may be lifted and paid from time to time into the Bank of England or into the Bank of Ireland, as ftaQ be dhrested and required by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom erf Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, and fl»U be from time to time applied, under the Direction of the Commilfikmecs for the Reduction <6 the National Debt, in the Purchase of such Capital Stock, Funds, Debentures or Annuities, or towards any public Loaneither in Great Britain or Ireland, aslhall seem most expedient to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Ddbt of the United Kingdom $ and that the Orders of the said Commi (Turners for the-Reduction of the National Debt Ordwof Com-of the Unked Kingdom shall at all times be sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank mifl^ners for of England and of the Bank ef Ireland, for paying any Part of the Money from time to time remaining in the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, on account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National of £^g. Debt of the United Kingdom, to any Person or Persons, in order to its Remittance from one Paet of the land and Ireland United Kingdom to the other, for the Purposes of this Act; and also for the Application of any such Money for paying to the Purchase of any Stock, Funds, Debentures or Annuities, for towards any Public Loan in Great Britain Moovy* or Ireland, my thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in .any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in consequence of toe Increase of Bufinefe which will result from Tw additional the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint Two Persons Commissioners to be Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to

fit and aft as such, with and in addition to the Number of Commissioners Which may now by Law he appointed j£r for the executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain, with a yearly Salary not exceeding for each of such Commissioners such Salary as is now received by each of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain, to be paid to such Two Commissioners out of the Revenues appropriated to His Majesty's Civil List Eftdbliflunent in Ireland; any thing tn an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the securing ef Her $ Ann. c. 7. Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succejfomto the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, or m Uny other Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwith ft ending.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred Sanaion of Lord and seventeen, in all cases not otherwise speoislly provided for by this Act, where, under the Pros&ons of any Lieutenant equi-Act or Acts in force immediately before the paling of this Act, any Warrant, Licence, Order or Document,*tent tath*t has been required to be signed by the Commissioners for executing the: Office of Lord High Treasurer of In- j*qMtod.h*«so-htnd (except in cases relating to the Revenue of Ireland) a Warrant or other proper Document, van ithe Ti^un^fw-case maybe, signed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or (Governors of Inland for the time Cept in Revenue being, shall be of like Validity, Force and BfFeft, as any such Warrant, Licence, Order or Document of such cases). Commissioners, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that in act eases there by any Act or Acts in

force in Ireland, the Approbation of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High TreafuMr erf Ireland has been required or made necessary (except as aforesaidt), the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or .Governors of 'Ireland, figmfied by his or their Chief Secretary, or in the Absence of such Chief Secretary, by the Under Secretary for the Civil or Miktany Deportment, aathe.carse may require, shall be of like Validity, Tereeand Bffeft as the Approbation of fmcH cCommissioner* todl Intents (and $rir-yxrfes whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Appointment*df any iPferfan, to (be Vice Treasurer for Ireland, Vice Treasurer wr the Appointment of any Person or Persons to beCornfftiffioneror Commissioners of JHis Majesty's Trea- «*>d Coromiffuryof the United Kingdom df Great Britain and Ireland, -shall not, nor fhaJLanyrfnch Appointment be fionew of the deemed or taken to be an Appointment or Appointments to a new Office or new Offices, or Place or Places ^7n Parli*Uy of Prdfit under The Crown; and that any Peffcn so'to be appointed Vice Treasurer for Ireland, or One of ^ent. the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall not, nor strall -any of them be thereby disabled from fitting or voting as a Member- of the House of Commons, nor shall Tie be therftjy rendered meapable of being elected a Member of the Hoefe of Commons 5 any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Appointment of any Person, being One of thei Commissioners Appointment of erf the Treasury of Great Britain or Ireland, to be One of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of a Commissioner

the United Kingdom of 1 Great Britain and Ireland, shall not make void the Election of any such Person re- o ^(fbe on speftWely, nor shall any new Writ Issue^ for a new Election in consequence of the Acceptance of any such forU.K.'ftdl* Appointment; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. not vacate Seat.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That aB the Provisiona, Rules, Regulations and Directions contained powers of; hrfhe Act made in the Parliament df Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 35 G. 3. (I.)

An Act for the better Regulation of the Receipts and IJfuts of His Majesty's Treasury; and far repealing an for regulating Act of Parliament passed in the Tenth Tear of Henry the Seventh, intituled 1 A8 An authorizing the Treasurer

to make all Officers as Are Treasurer of England doth, 7 shall be and remain and continue in full Force and Treasury, ^con.

6 H z Effect,

97^C. 98.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

tmued, except as altered by this Acth

Powers of IrHh Treasury to be exercised by 'rreasury of U.K.

Quarterly Recounts of Auditor General to be examined and signed by Vice Treasurer, and certified by him to Treasury of U K.

Weekly Ab-11 rail from Auditor General, Clerk of the Pells, and Bank of Ireland, to be; transmitted to Vice Treasurer; and Duplicates thereof, with all other Returns and Abstracts, transmitted to Treasury of U.K.

Vice Treasurer may order Payment of Local Duties, fcc.

Certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament.

lcb wirctc auy ruwera or nuuionuce arc uy uic uuu rccucu na given to toe v^omnuiuoDen kxt

Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, such Powers and Authorities shall be retted in i by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Annual Account to be laid before Parliament by Vice Treasurer.

Vice Treasurer Gull be deemed

Effect, except only so far as any of the said Provisions, Rules, Regulations and Directions are altered by a Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act: Provided always^ that in all cases where any Powers or Authorities are by the said recited Act given to the Commissioners Mr executing the Office and exercised 1 Ireland.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Quarterly Accounts of the Receipts, I flues and Remains of the Exchequer of Iceland, as prepared by the Auditor General of the Exchequer of Ireland, and heretofore examined and signed under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, be examined and signed by the Vice Treasurer for Ireland; and that certified A bftrafts of all such Accounts shall be by him from time to time regularly transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Weekly Abstracts or Certificates of Receipts, Issues and Remains in the Treasury of Ireland, required by the said recited Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to be made by the Auditor General, Clerk of the Pells and Teller of the Exchequer of Ireland, to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or to the Commissioners for executing the said Office, and alter the Weekly Declaration or Abstract of the Receipts and Payments on account of the Teller of the Exchequer, required by the said Act to be made out by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and transmitted to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office, shall from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, be made out and transmitted Weekly to the Vice Treasurer For Ireland; and that Copies or Duplicates of all the aforesaid Weekly Abstracts, Certificates and Declarations, together with all other Returns, Certificates, Abstracts, Accounts or Declarations, which by the said recited Act are directed to be furnished or transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or to the Commissioners for executing the said Office, shall from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, be made out and transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at and for such Periods as are required and directed in and by the said recited Act, with respect to all

- such Abstracts, Accounts or Declarations respectively.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Vice Treasurer for Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under the Hand of such Vice Treasurer, directed to the Auditor General.of the Exchequer of Ireland, to order the Issue and Payment out of the said Exchequer of all such Duties or

Taxes as shall have been actually paid into the said Exchequer for any Local or Special Purposes in Ireland, under or by Authority of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, and such I flue and Payment shall be made to all Bodies Pontic or Corporate, or other Persons authorized by Law to receive the same accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being shall annually cause an Account of the Total Income of the said United Kingdom, including all Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Incidents in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and all other the ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Resources of the said United Kingdom, to be prepared and made out for One Year, ending on the Fifth Day of January in each Year, together with an Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom, for every such Year; and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said Year, and of the future annual Charge upon the said Fund as the fame flood on that Day; and also an Account of the Net Produce of all the permanent Taxes of the said United Kingdom within the said Year; and also an Account of the Arrears and Balances due from all public Accountants on the said Fifth Day of January in each Year; and also an Account of the Exports and Imports of the said United Kingdom, and of the Shipping registered in or belonging to the several Ports of His Majesty's Dominions within the said Year; and also an Account of the Public Expenditure of the said United Kingdom within the said Year; and also an Account of the Public Funded Debt of the said United Kingdom, and the Reduction thereof; and also an Account of the Unfunded and Outstanding Debt of the said United Kingdom, as the fame flood respectivehr on the Fifth Day of January in each Year; and also an Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the said United Kingdom for the Year preceding the said Fifth Cay of January have been disposed of, and that the said Commissioners shall in each Year cause such Accounts to be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Vice Treasurer for Ireland for the time being shall annually cause an Account to be prepared and made out for One Year, ending on the Fifth Day of January in each Year, shewing the Amount of all Warrants which have passed through his Office in the Course of such Year, distinguishing the fiune under the several Heads set forth in the Accounts of Public Expenditure, required by Law to be annually laid before Parliament; and that the said Vice Treasurer shall cause such Accounts to be laid before botn Houses of Parliament on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament.

XXIV. And Whereas the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland for the time being is by virtue of hk < Office a Governor, Visitor, Member or Constituent Part of several Colleges, Corporations and Charitable and

other

A.D. 1816.56° GEORGII III. C. 98.

other Public Societies or Institntions in Ireland; Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Vice Treasurer of Ireland shall, in virtue of his Office, be and become a Governor, Vi fit or* Member and Constituent Part of all such Colleges, Corporations and Charitable and other Public Societies and Institu-tions in Ireland, of which the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland.hath at any time heretofore been a Governor, Visitor, Member or Constituent Part, in Right of his Office under any Act of Parliament, Charter, Bye Law, Usage or Custom whatsoever, in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; and it shall be lawfm for the said Vice Treasurer for the time being to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duties of Postage within the United Kingdom, in the same manner and under such Restrictions as the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland has been authorized by the Laws now m force to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders and Directions, which at the time of the passing of this Act, or at any time before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen, shall have been made or issued by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, with respect to the Receipt or Payment, Issue or Remittance of any Public Money, or with respect to any matter or thing within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, shall be and remain in full force until the same shall be revoked or altered by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that all Records, and all Minute Books and Entries of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, and all other Books, Deeds and Papers whatsoever, now belonging to or in the Custody of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, shall be delivered over to, and shall remain in the Custody of the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, for the time being, under the Orders and at the Disposition, nevertheless, of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the time being, in the Offices in the Castle of Dublin, now occupied by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and the Business of the Department of the said Vice Treasurer shall, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand «ight hundred and Seventeen, be transacted and carried on in the said Offices and in the Apartments thereunto belonging.

XXVI. And Whereas it is expedient by producing Uniformity in all Returns and Statements to Parliament, with respect to the Public Revenues and Expenditure of the United Kingdom, that the Amount of such Revenues and Expenditure shall be made to appear in British Currency, in whatever Part of the United Kingdom such Revenues or Expenditure shall have arisen or taken place;' Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen, all Accounts of all Receipts and Payments which shall be made out of any of the Public Revenues, Duties or Taxes in Ireland, and also all Accounts of all Payments into and KTues out of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, shall be kept in such Form and Manner, that the total Amount of all Sums under each respective Head of Account, in all Accounts and Papers relating to Accounts to be laid before Parliament, shall be dated in British Currency; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, at any time after the passing of this Act, and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to give such Orders and Directions as to them shall seem fitting and expedient for accompliffiing the Purposes hereby intended to be carried into Effect.

XXVII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Mode of discharging Persons being Public Accountants in Ireland, in respect of Money issued to them out of the Treasury of Ireland or otherwise, whoije Accounts have been audited by the Commissioners of Public Accounts, or the Commissioners of Military Accounts in that Part of the United Kingdom, and it is proper and necessary that Provision should be made for that Purpose; Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland, or the Commissioners of Military Accounts in Ireland, shall have audited and certified, or shall hereafter audit and certify any Account whatsoever of any Public Accountant, and it shall satisfactorily appear to the said Commissioners respectively, upon such Examination and Proof as to them shall seem expedient, that such Accountant is even and quit with the Public on such Account, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and for the said Commissioners of Military Accounts, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, under their Signature, to acquit and discharge, and grant a Quietus to such Public Accountant; and such Acquittance, Discharge or Quietus, shall be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be taken and received by any Court of Law or Equity in the United Kingdom, in bar of any Suit or Process against such Public Accountant who shall have received the fame for any matter or thing touching the Period of Account, with respect to which such Acquittal, Discharge or Quietus shall have been granted.

XXVIII. And, in order that all Public Accountants shall be fully apprised of and prepared with the necessary Documents or Proofs to entitle them to demand and receive such Acquittal, Discharge or Quietus from the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or the said Commissioners of Military Account; respectively; be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall respectively, as soon after the passing of this Act as may be, determine upon the Nature and Form of the Documents and Proofs required to be produced to them respectively for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners shall, by public Advertisement under their Hands, to be mferted in the Dublin Ga % ette, m Three succeeding Publications thereof, and in any other manner which they shall think fit, notify and declare the Nature and Form of such Documents

973

a Governor of all Corporations.

May frank and receive Letters free.

Existing Orders of Irish Treasury declared valid, until revoked by Lord Lieutenant or Treasury of U.K.

Books and Records of the Irish Treasury shall remain with the Vice Treasurer,

Treasury and Revenue Accounts, Src.in Ireland, and all Accounts to Parliament, to flite Amount of Sums therein in British Currency.

Acquittal of Public Accountants for Money issued to them from Treasury, See.

Quietus.

Commissionert shall notify the Nature and Form of the Documents to be produced for obtaining such Quietus.

*6 G. 2. 22.

28 G. 2*

Treasury to issue 35/x>ol. to the Trustees of the British Museum, to be applied in the Purchase of the Elgin Collect ion of Marbles*

C. 98, 99. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

cuments and Proofs to all Public Accountants under their re£p«ctive Departments*od it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to alter or change the Nature or Form of any such Documents or Proofs so required, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Nature and Form of such new Documents and Proofs shall hare been notified and declared by Public Advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and otherwise in manner aforesaid.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to vest the Elgin Collection of ancient Marbles and Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Museum for the Use of the Public. [ifl July 1*816.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second* intituled An Act for the Purchase of the Museum or 14 Collect ion of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian CoUedion of Manuscripts; and for prodding one general Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said CoilsSiam, and of the Cottonian*Library, and of the Addition! thereto, the ArchbUhop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Lord Treasurer of Great Britain, or the First Commissioner of the Treasury, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the First Commissioner of the Admiralty, the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, the Bishop of London, each of the Principal Secretaries of State being* a Peer or Lord of Parliament, the Speaker of the House of Commons, each of the Priccipal Secretaries of State not being a Peer or Lord of Parliament, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Master of the Rolls, the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, His Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General, the President of the Royal Society, and the Prendent of the College of Physicians severally for the time being, and certain other Persons named or described in the said Act, or to be appointed under the Powers therein contained, were appointed Trustees, and incorporated by the Name of The Trustees of the*British Museum " for putting the said Act into Execution, with such Powers and under such Directions as are therein expressed; and particularly it was thereby enacted, that within the Cities of London or*Wejbnnjkr, or the Suburbs thereof, one general Repofitonr should be eroded and provided for the Reception*of the Collections and Libraries therein mentioned, and of such other Collections and Libraries as with the like Approbation should be admitted into the fame; which several Collections, Additions and Libraries so received into the said general Repository should remain and be preserved therein for Public Use to all*Polterity s And Whereas under the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees, and their Heirs, freed and Hifcharged from all Estates, Uses and Agreements, to which it at present fiands limited and appointed,

upon Trufi to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Museum, for a general Repository, and upon such other Trusts as therein are mentioned, the Capital Messuage or Mansion House heretofore called Montagu House, situate in Great Rujfel Street in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middfifes*,

and the Outhouses, Buildings and Gardens belonging to the fame, were duly conveyed and afthred unto and to the Use of the Trustees of the said Museum, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Fourth and Fifth Days of April, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty five, and made between the Right Honourable George Dunk Earl of Half as* and William Folkes Esquire (Trustees under*the said last mentioned Act for carrying the Trusts thereof into Execution) of the one Part, and the Trustees Of the said Museum of the other Part; and finae that time the said Capital Mefiiiage or Mansion House,

and its Appurtenances, has been generally called or known by the Appellation of The British Museum:

And Whereas the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Elgin hath with great Knowledge, Judgment and Care, and at a great Expence, made a most valuable Collection of ancient Marbles and Sculpture, and is*willing that the fame should be possessed by the Public: And Whereas the said Earl hath agreed to sell the same for the Sum of Thirty five thousand Pounds, on Condition that the whole of the said Collection should be kept together in the British Museum, and open to Inspection, and called by Name of

4 44 The Elgin Marbles and that the said Earl and every Person who should attain the Rank of Earl of

Elgin should be added to the Trustees of the British Museum : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall and he or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Settion of I^irliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, immediately after the passing of this Act, to issue and advance the Sum of Thirty five thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the British Museum, or any Person to be appointed by the said Trustees to receive the same, which Money shall be paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatever, and shall be applied in the Purchase of the said CoUedion; and that the Trustees of the British Museum shall, on or before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, require the Delivery of the said Collection 5 and if the same shall be then delivered to them, and they shall be satisfied that the several Statues and other Articles forming the said Collection are then conformable to the Catalogue thereof delivered in to a Committee of the House of Commons, they the said Trustees shall, on the Delivery of the fame into their Custody, pay the said Sum of Thirty five thoiriaad Pounds to the said Thomas Earl of Elgin, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns,

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 99, 100. 975

II. And be it farther enacted, That on Payment of the said Sam of Thirty five thousand Bounds, the hid On Payment of CoUedion Audi be vested in the Trustees Cor the time being of the said British Muftum> and their Successors, Purchase Money in perpetuity, for the Purposet of the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majestyeflc*

the Second. _*mTruft

Iil. And be it hereby further enacted, That the said Collection shall be preformed and kept together in to be kept in the said British Museum whole and entire, and distinguished by the Name or Appellation of The Elgh1 Museum.

Collection."

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Thomas Earl of Elgin during his Life, and after his Deoeafe each Earl of Elgin to and every Person who shall successively attain to the Rank and Dignity of Earl of 2?Ari«, shall and may as Jjf s10 and when they shall respectively be of fall Age, be added to and associated with the Trustees for the time Trustee<* being of the British Museum, and shall and may ad in the Execution of the Trull now reposed or hereafter to be reposed in the said Trustees, as fully and effectually as the other Trustees of the said Museum are or shall be authorised and empowered to ad in the same.

CAP. C.

An Act for more effectually securing the Liberty of the Subject.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS the Writ of Habeas Corpus hath been found by Experience to be an expeditious and effac*

tual Method of restoring any Person to his Liberty, who hath been unjustly deprived thereof: And Whereas extending the Remedy of such Writ, and enforcing Obedience thereunto, and preventing Delays in

the Execution thereof, will be advantageous to the Public: And Whereas the Prorifions made by an Act passed in England in the Thirty first Year of King Charles the Second, intituled an ASfor the better fkcnsr* 31 Csr.a. c. 1.

ing the Liberty of the Subject9 and for Prevention of Imprisonment beyond the Sfas* and also by an Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better Info Act,

' securing the Liberty of the Subjectt only extend to cases of Commitment or Detainer for criminal or supposed 11 & 22 3*

criminal matter 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Person shall be confined or restrained of his or her Liberty (other-^Vwatlon* wife than for some criminal or supposed criminal matter, and except Persons imprisoned for Debt or by Procefe writs Of Habeas in any civil Suit) within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Walee* or Town of Berwick Corpus return-upon Tweed, or the Ides of Jersey, Guernsey or Mans it (kali and may be lawful for any One of the Barons of able immedi-the Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif, as well as for any One of the Justices of One Bench or the other;*

and where any Person shall be so confined in Ireland* it shall and may be lawful for any One of the Barons of crimbalmat- the Exchequer, or of the Justices of One Bench or the other in Ireland; and they are hereby veouired, upon ler> for Debt. Complaint made to them by or on the behalf of the Person so confined or restrained, if it (kail appear by

Affidavit or Affirmation (in cases where by Law an Affirmation is allowed) that there is a probable and reasonable Ground for such Complain t, to award in Vacation time, a Writ of Habeas Corpus adfubjieieudum* under the Seal of such Court, whereof he or they shall then be Judges or One of the Judges, to be directed to the Person or Persons in whefe Custody or Power the Party so confined or restrained shall be, returnable immediately before the Person so awarding the feme, or before any other Judge of the Court under the Seal of which the said Writ issued.

[Proviso.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Person or Persons to whom any Writ Non Obedience of Habeas Corpus shall be directed according to the Provision of this Act, upon Service of such Writ, either to such Writ, to by the actual Delivery thereof to him, her or them, or by leaving the feme at the Place where the Party shall *Contempt be confined or restrained, with any Servant or Agent of the Person or Persons so confining or redrawing, shall 0 ourt* wilfully neglect or refuse to make a Return or pay Obedience thereto, he, she or they shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of the Court, under the Seal whereof such Writ shall have issued 5 and it shall be lawful to and for the said Justice or Baron, before whom such Writ shall be returnable, upon Proof made by Affidavit of wilful Disobedience of the said Writ, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the apprehending and bringing before him, or before some other Justice or Baron of the fame Court, the Person or Persons so wflfully disobeying the said Writ, in order to his, her or their being bound to The King's Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties, in such Sum as in the Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the Court of which the said Justice or Baron is a Judge, at a Day in the ensuing Term to be mentioned in the said Warrant, to answer the matter of Contempt with which he, she or they are charged 5 and in case of Neglect or Refufel to become Punishment. bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Baron to commit such Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting, to the Jail or Prison of the Court of which such Justice or Baron shall be a Judge, there to remain until he, she or they shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by Order of the Court in Term time, or by Order of one of the Justices or Barons of the Court in Vacation; and the Recognizance or Recognizances to be taken thereupon shall be returned and filed in the fame Court, and shall continue in force until the matter of such Contempt shall have been heard and determined, unless sooner ordered by the Court to be discharged: Provided, that if such Writ shall be awarded so late in the Vacation by any pae of the said Juf- judges to make tsces or Barons, that, in his Opinion, Obedience thereto cannot be conveniently paid during such Vacation, the Writs of Habeas feme shall and may, at his Discretion, be made returnable in the Court of which the said Justice or Baron shall Corpus, issued in be a Justice or Baron, at a Day certain in the next Term; and the said Court shall and may proceed thereupon, *"#ble in*" and award Procefe of Contempt in case of Disobedience thereto, in like manner as upon Disobedience to any Court in the Writ originally awarded by the said Court: Provided also, that if such Writ Audi bn awarded by the Court next Term, of King's Bench, or the Court of Common Pleas, or Court of Exchequer, in the said Countries respectively,

which

976

Courts to make Writs issued in Term, returnable in Vacation-

Judges to inquire into the Truth of Fads contained in Return.

Judge to bail on Recognisance tu appear in Term, tec.

Court to examine into the Truth of Fails set forth in Return.

Court may controvert Truth of Return-

Writ may run into Counties Palatine, Cinque Ports and privileged Places, See.

Process of Contempt may be awarded in Vacation against Persons disobeying Writs of Habeas Corpus in cases within Stat. 31 Car. % . C. 3.

31 G. 2. c. 10.

35 G. 3. c.as.

35 G. 3. c. 94. 43 G. 3. c. 119.

C. 100, 101. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

which last mentioned Court shall have like Power to award such Writs as the respective Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas in each of the said Countries now have in Term, but so late that, in the Judgment of the Court, Obedience thereto cannot be conveniently paid during such Term, the fame Audi and may, at the Discretion of the said Court, be made returnable at a Day certain in the then next Vacation, before any Justice or Baton of the Degree of the Coif, or if in Ireland, before any Justice or Baron of the fame Court, who shall and may proceed thereupon, in such manner as by this Act is directed concerning Writs iiTuing in and made returnable during the Vacation.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases provided for by this Act, although the Return to any Writ of Habeas Corpus shall be good and sufficient in Law, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Baron before whom such Writ may be returnable, to proceed to examine into the Truth of the Fads set forth in such Return, by Affidavit or by Affirmation (in cades where an Affirmation is allowed by Law) and to do therein as to Justice shall appertain; and if such Writ shall be returned before any One of the said Justices or Barons, and it shall appear doubtful to him on such Examination, whether the materiad Fads set forth in the said Return, or any of them, be true or not, in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Baron to let to bail the said Person so confined or restrained, upon his or her entering into a Recognizance with One or more Sureties, or in case of Infancy or Coverture, or other Disability, upon Security by Recognizance, in a reasonable Sum, to appear in the Court of which the said Justice or Baron shall be a Justice or Baron, upon a Day certain in the Term following, and so from Day to Day as the Court shall require, and to abide such Order as the Court shall make in and concerning the Premises; and such Justice or Baron shall transmit into the fame Court the said Writ and Return, together with such Recognizance, Affidavits and Affirmations; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Court to proceed to examine into the Truth of the Fads set forth in the Return, in a fumraary Way by Affidavit or Affirmation (in cases where by Law Affirmation is allowed), and to order and determine touching the discharging, bailing or remanding the P*rtT«

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the like Proceeding may be had in the Court for controverting the Truth of the Return to any such Writ of Habeas Corpus, awarded as aforesaid, although such Writ shall be awarded by the said Court itself, or be returnable therein.

V. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Writ of Habeas Corpus, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, may be directed and run into any County Palatine or Cinque Port, or any other privileged Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Walts and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Ides of Jersey, Guernsey and Man, respectively; and also into any Port, Harbour, Road, Creek or Bay upon the Coast of England or Wales, although the fame should lie out of the Body of any County; and if such Writ shall issue in Ireland, the fame may be directed and run into any Port, Harbour, Road, Creek or Bay, although the fame should not be in the Body of any County; any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Provisions made in this Act, touching the making Writs of Habeas Corpus, issuing in time of Vacation, returnable into the said Courts, or for making such Writs awarded in Term time, returnable in Vacation, as the cases may respectively happen, and also for making wilful Disobedience thereto a Contempt of the Court, and for iffiiing Warrants to apprehend and bring before the said Justices or Barons, or any of thepi, any Person or Persons wilfully disobeying any such Writ, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to become bound as aforesaid, for committing the Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting to Jail as aforesaid, respecting the Recognizances to be taken as aforesaid, and the Proceeding or Proceedings thereon, shall extend to all Writs of Habeas Corpus awarded in pnrfuanoe of the said Act, paised in England in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or of the said Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of Efia present Majesty, and hereinbefore recited, in as ample and beneficial a manner as if such Writs and the said cases arising thereon had been hereinbefore specially named and provided for respectively.

CAP. CI.

An Act for enabling the Officers in His Majesty's Navy, and their Representatives, to draw for and receive their Half Pay; and for transferring the Duty of making certain Payments from the Clerks of the Cheque at His Majesty's Dock Yards to the Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy at the fame Yards. [id July 1816 ]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the pun8ual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more eqfily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and by another Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen. Non Commtjffioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families; and by another Act passed in the said Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the pundual and frequent Payment of the Wages ana Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy; and by another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Funds of the Chejl at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital, and for ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the feud Funds f

and

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 101. 977

*'and by another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 49 g. 3. c. 35.

1 for the more convenient Payment of Pensions to Widows of Oncers of the Navy; and by another AS passed in

the said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled'./fa AS for more conveniently paying 49 G. 3. c. 45.

of Allowances on the Compqffionate Lift of the Navy9 and of Half Pay to Officers of the Aoyal Marines;

and by another AS passed in the said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 49 G. 3. c. 108. ' AS to amend the several Acts respecting the Payment of Wages and Prize Money and Allotment of Wages to Persons serving in His Majesty's Royal Navy; and by another AS passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the 55 G. 3. c. 6o.

4' Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy, and to make new Provisions respeaing the fame; certain Provisions and Regulations were made respecting the Mode of Officers in Ilia Majesty's Naval Service receiving their Half Pay, and respecting Remittances, Allotments

and Payments of certain Wages, Pay, Allowances, Pensions and Bounty Money in the said Act respectively mentioned, the Payments whereof are by the said Act respectively in certain cases therein specified, authorized and directed to be made (among other Persons) by the Clerks of the Cheque at His Majesty's Dock Yards: And Whereas it would tend to the Convenience and Advantage of the Commissioned and Warrant Officers in His Majesty's Navy on Half Pay, and of Persons receiving Pensions on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, the bills for which are made out at the Navy Office, if they were enabled to draw

for such Half Pay and Pensions by Bills of Exchange on the Commissioners or His Majesty's Navy,

instead of being paid the fame by Remittance Bills, in the manner now used* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at Half Pay and the Expiration of Six Months from and after the passing of this Act, if any Officer m His Majesty's Navy, Pensions may be who shall be entitled to receive any Sum of Money for or on account of his Half Pay, or any Persons Pa»d by Bills of receiving Pensions on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, the Bills for which are made out at the Navy xchanS Office, shall be desirous of drawing a Bill of Exchange for the fame upon the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Navy, instead of receiving the fame by Remittance Bill, and shall signify such Desire by Letter to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, the proper Officer in the Navy Pay Office (first satisfying himself of the Amount of Half Pay due from the Half Pay Book in the Navy Pay Office, and of the Pension due from the Bill made out by the Commissioners of the Navy), shall certify the fame upon an Order to draw (according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed), which Order shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Navy, attending the Naval Payments at The Navy Pay Office, and shall be then dispatched from the said Office to the Officer so desiring Payment, and such Order and Bill, when returned duly filled up to the Commissioners of the Navy, upon whom it shall be drawn, shall be assigned for Payment on the Treasurer of the Navy by Three of the said Commissioners, and shall be paid in the same manner as Officers'

Quarterly Bills are now paid, and these Bills so assigned shall, when paid, be a sufficient Voucher and Discharge to the said Treasurer for such Payment in his Annual Account.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the Executors or Administrators of any deceased Officer in His Representatives Majesty's Navy, who at the time of his Death was entitled to any Half Pay, or the Executors or Adtni- of decea^ nistrators of any deceased Person receiving a Pension payable by Bill made out at the Navy Office, shall be ^fp7 r^elve desirous of receiving such Half Pay or Pension by Remittance Bill, Bill of Exchange or Extract, either in officer himself the manner hitherto used or by this Act provided, for the Payment of such Half Pay or Pension, and shall might have done, signify such his, her or their Desire by Letter to the Treasurer of the Navy, requiting Payment thereof by any of the Modes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the Navy to pay or cau(e the same to be paid to such Executors or Administrators in the manner required, and that all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Pains, Penalties and Regulations contained, and now in force, in any former Act or Acts Former Acts or in this Act, as to the Payment of such Half Pay or Pension by any of the Modes aforesaid, shall be applied applied, to such Payments, to such Executors and Administrators in such and the same manner as the same are now or have been hitherto applicable to any such Payments, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein and hereby repeated and reenacted.

III. And Whereas it may in tome cases be more convenient to Officers in His Majesty's Navy on Half Pay residing near any of His Majesty's Dock Yards, that they should be enabled to receive the same by Extract

in the manner herein after mentioned, instead of being paid the fame by Remittance Bill or by Bill of Exchange to be drawn as hereinbefore mentioned Be 5 therefore enacted, That after the Expiration of Six Officers may re. Months from and after the passing of this Act, if any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, who shall be entitled ceive their Half to receive any Sum of Money for or on account of Half Pay, shall be desirous of having his Half Pay paid in

to him by Extract at any of His Majesty's Dock Yards where Clerks for the Payment of Wages for the mentioned. Navy shall reside, instead of receiving the fame by Remittance BUI, or Bill of Exchange, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Officer to apply either to the proper Clerk at the Navy Pay Office in London, or at the Pay Office at such Dock Yard, signirying such his Desire; and thereupon in caie any such Application shall be made at any of the said Dock Yards, such Clerk shall take a Note thereof, and shall at such Periods as may be necessary make out and transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy Lists of the Names of such Officers as aforesaid, and the Particulars of the Half Pay claimed by them respectively, together with the ofual Affidavit required in such case, which the Officer, upon his Application for Payment, (half furnifti to the said Clerk; and the said Commissioners of the Navy, as well on receiving such Lifts as in the Event of stich Application as aforesaid having been made at the Navy Pay Office in London, are hereby authorized and required to transmit to the proper Clerk at the Dock Yard, where the Payment is required to be made, an 56 Geo. III. 6 I Extract

Forging Certificates, Powers, 4c c.

Death,

Payments now made by Clerks of the Cheque to be made by Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy.

Former Acts in ferce.

No Bill subject to Sump Duty.

Who to have Benefit of Ad*

t

C.IOI. .56° GEORGII m, AJCK 1816.

Extract from the Half Pay Book of Officers in His Majesty's Navy, fimifer to the Extoada now sent from Ships' Books, upon the Receipt whereof Payment shall be made to such Officer of the Sum due to him, and the Amount so paid shall be brought to Account and allowed in the Monthly Certificate in the same manner as Payments, upon Extrads from Ships' Books are allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or willingly ad or affish in the false making, forging or counterfeiting of any such Authority or Certificate, or Bill of Exchange or Alignment as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged or counterfeited Authority or Certificate, Bill of Exchange, or Assignment, knowing the feme to be false, forged or counterfeited, with intent to defraud any Penon or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and being thereof lawfully coajvided shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

4 V. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duty of making certain of the Payments as are by the said recited Acts authorized ana directed to be made by such Clerks of the Cheque as relate to Allotments, Remittances of Half Pay to Seamen's Wages, to Persians payable by Bill, to Widows' Pensions, to Great- nvlcb PenfioM, to Payments on the Compassionate Lift, and to King's Bounty to the Widows and other Relations of those fiain in Fight, should be transferred to and be made by the Clerk or Clerks of the Trea. 4 surer of His Majesty's Navy at the said Dock Yards respectively Be it therefore enadqd, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months from and after the pafung of this Act, the Duty of making the aforesaid Payments which by the said Acts or any or either of them, or any other Act or Acts of fidiament are authorized and directed to be made by the Clerks of the Cheque at His Majesty's Dock Yards, shall be transferred to and shall hereafter be made by the Clerk or Clerks of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy at the fame Dock Yards respectively; and that the Allotments, Remittance Bills, and all other Payments aforesaid, which under or by virtue of the said Acts or any or either of them are authorized to he directed (among other Persons) to such Clerks of the Cheque, shall, instead thereof (as to the said Clerks of the Cheque) be directed to the Clerk or Clerks of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, at the fame Dock Yards respectively; and that all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Regulations contained and now tn force in the aforesaid Acts, with respect to such Allotments and Remittance Bills as aforesaid, and the Payment thereof by the said Gferks, of the Cheque, shall be applied to such Allotments and Remittance Bills as aforesaid, and the Payment thereof by the Clerk or Clerks of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy at any of the said Dock Yards, in such and the feme manner as the same are now applicable to such Allotments and Remittance Bills is aforesaid, aid the Payment thereof by such Clerks of the Cheque, as folly and effectually as if the feme were herein and hereby repeated and reeoa&ed; and that such of the said Payments as come under the Head of Allotments shall be checked as U now done at the Navy Office in London, and brought to account and allowed in the Monthly Certificate, and that those coming under the Head of Remittances of Half Pay and Remittances of Seamen's Wages shall be brought to account and, allowed in the same manner as Payments upon Extrada from Ships' Books.

VI. And be it further en&ded, That no Bill of Exchange, which shall be drawn under or by virtue of this Act, shall be subject or liable to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever*

VII. And be it further eoaded. That no Persons residing out of His Majesty's Dominions shall be entitled to any of the Privileges and Benefits given or intended by this Act.

SCHEDULE to winch this Act refers.

FORM of the CERTIFICATE or Order for drawing a BILL for Half Pay or Pension, and of an Assignment thereof, under the Authority of the Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His Majesty King George the Third.

HALF PAY OR PENSION*

being entitled to the Sum of (on account of Half Pay, as a

in the Royal Navy, or Pension, oj the case may he>) between the and is hereby authorized to draw the following Bill upon the Commissioners of the

Navy for the said Sum.

N.B. This Bill is not to be separated from the Authority for drawing it.

Certified C. D.

Treasurer's Clerk.

(Signed) A* B.

Commissioner of the Navy.

Gentlemen,

THREE Days after Sight, please to pay to

being the Amount of (Half Pay due to me as a Navy, or Pension, as the case may he, ) for the time above mentioned*

To the Honourable the Commissioners of His )

Majesty's Navy, Somerset Place. j

18

or Order, the Sum of in the Royal

Navy

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III. C. 101, 102, 103.

Navy Office. Day of

979

No.

18

To be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, out of Monies received under the Head of (Wages, r of General Services, as the case may he).

E. B. E. S. P. F.

BY virtue of the Act Fifty sixth George the Third. — N.B. The forging of this Bill or procuring any other Person to forge the fame, in order to receive the whole or any Part of the Half Pay or Peirfion therein mentioned, is made Fekmy without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. CIL

An Act to amend the Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England $ and to give further Powers to the Court appointed by the said Act. l1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act g W for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England; and it is expedient to amend tie said Act, and to distinguish between the cases of such Insolvent Debtors who shall have been guflty of gross Injustice towards their Creditors, and the cases of those who shall not have so condttfted themselves Be it therefore enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act if it shall appear to the Court established by virtue of the find recited Act, upon the Examination of any Prisoner, or otherwise, that such Prisoner has acted with gfofs Injustice towards his or her Creditor or Creditors, either in coritrafting any Debts, or entering into any Engagements, without any fair Prospect or probable Means of paying such Debts or fulfilling such Engagements, or by squandering or otherwise improperly disposing of his or her Monies, Effects or other Property, which he or she might have applied in paying such Debts Or fulfilling such Engagements, either wholly or in Part, such Prisoner mall not be entitled to his or her Discharge by virtue of the said recited Act, unlefis the whole of the Creditors of such Prisoner shall consent to his or her Discharge, or such Prisoner shall have been confined within the Walls of any Prison for the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the time when such Prisoner shall have applied for his or her Discharge.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every Notice directed to be given by the said recited Act, by any Prisoner, to his or her Creditor or Creditors, (hch Prisoner shall declare that he or she is ready and willing to submit to be fully examined touching the Justice of his or her Conduct to his or her Creditor or Creditors.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for the said Court to order that any Prisoner shall be examined at any Semon of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or for the Cities or Liberties of London abd Westmaster, or by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, out of Session, for any County, Riding, Division or Place whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Court established by virtue of the said recited Act, and the Courts of Quarter Sessions, shall examine each and every Prisoner touching the Justice of his or her Conduct towards his or her Creditor or Creditors.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Courts of Quarter Sessions for any County, Riding, Division or Place, at which any Prisoner shall be examined, shall declare in open Court Whether such Prisoner has acted with gross Injustice towards his or her Creditor Or Creditors, or not, and shall also certify their Determination thereon to the Court established by virtue of the said recited Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That do Prisoner hereafter shall be entitled to be examined Under the Provisions of the said recited Act at any Quarter Sessions except at such Quarter Sessions for such County, Division, Riding or Place, and at such time whereof he shall have given Notice to each and every of his or her Creditors; and no Prisoner who shall not appear to be examined pursuant to such Notice shall be brought up before any Court to be examined without having given the like Notice at le&ft Six Months previous to the time at which he or she shall appear in order to be examined.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to repeal or alter any of the Power* or Provisions of the said recited Act, or of another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majsfy's Reign, for the Relief if Insolvent Debtors in England, further than any of the Powers or rrovisions in the said Acts are hereby expressly repealed or altered respectively.

Cap. cih.

An Act: for further securing the Duties on Paper and Pasteboard; and for repealing the Countervailing Duty upon Pasteboard imported from Ireland, and the Drawback upon Pasteboard exported; and granting other Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. [ill July 1816.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law established for securing the Duties payable on Paper made in Great Britain have been found insufficient to atifwer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it has therefore become necessary to make further regulations for the better Collection of the said Duties Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

6 I 2 the

53 G. 3. C. i«*.

In case Prisoner has acted with gross Injustice, &c. he shall not be entitled to his Discharge, unless the whole of the Creditors consent.

Declaration by Prisoner.

Order by the Court for Examination of Prisoner.

Quarter Sessions to examine Prisoner;

and declare hi open Court whether he has acted with Injustice or not. Prisoner not to be examined but at Quarter Session of which hk fttill have given Notice to his Creditors.

Not to repeal former A&t, except as herein excepted.

54 G. 3. c. »3»

980

Entry to be made of Quantity of Paper, Pasteboardi&c. turned out of Moulds daily.

Entries to be delivered every Six Weeks, verified on Oath.

Makers making falfie Entries, re-ftifing Inspection, or obstruaing Officers, Sec.

[Penalty.]

Paper, Pasteboard, &c. to be kept separate according to their respective ClalTes, that the Officer may take an Account without removing the same.

Makers to assist Officers in taking Account.

Obstruction Officer or refusing him Assist-anee.

[Penalty.]

The Edges of Paper, Pasteboard, &c. may be cut before

tied up.

But if Paper be divided each Piece to be deemed a Sheet, and Reams dif-tincuished on I.ahelj with the Words " Cut

C. 103. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

the fame. That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard in Great Britain, shall from Day to Day enter or cause to be entered in a Book or Books, or on a Paper or Papers, to be delivered to him, her or them for that Purpose by the proper Officer of Excise, and kept by such Maker or Makers in some public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premises, of the Number of Sheets of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, distinguishing the kinds or Sorts of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing. Paper or Pasteboard, made or turned out of Moulds daily, such Number of Sheets of Paper being in such Account reduced by Calculation into Reams and Odd Quires, and such Number of Sheets of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard into Dozens and odd Sheets, with their respective estimated Weight, reckoning Twenty fix of such Sheets of Paper (Two of them being allowed for waste or damaged Paper) for a Quire consisting of Twenty four Sheets when dried and finished 5 and shall make or cause such Entries of each Day's Work at his, her or their Mills or Manufactories, to be made and completed before Twelve of the Clock at Noon of the following Day; miich Entries shall, at or after the End of every Six Weeks or Forty two Days, be delivered to the proper Officer by and verified by the Oath of such Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, or his, her or their Chief Workman or Foreman employed in the Manufactory (which Oath the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise are hereby respectively authorized to adminwer); and if any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall neglect or refuse to make any such Entry as aforesaid, or shall knowingly make, or cause or permit or suffer to be made, in any such Book or Paper as aforesaid, any false Entry, or shall remove, conceal or destroy any such Book or Paper so delivered to him, her or them as aforesaid, or fail to keep the fame in some open or public Part of his, her or their entered Premises, or withhold or keep the fame from the Inspection of any Officer or Officers of Excise surveying his, her or their Manufactory, or by any Means hinder, obstruct or prevent such Officer or Officers from freely examining the fame, and comparing the Entries therein with his, her or their Stock, or shall erase, deface or alter any of the Entries therein or thereon, or shall upon Demand refuse or neglect to deliver in a perfect State any such Book or Paper in which any such Entries shall have been made or ought to have been made as aforesaid, at or after the End of the Six Weeks or Forty two* Days for which such Book or Paper shall have been delivered to him, her or them as aforesaid, or to verify the fame by such Oath as aforesaid, such Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excise, when Occasion shall require, or they may think fit, to inspector take an Account of the Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, and of the kinds, Sorts and Quantities of each, in the Custody or Possemon of all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board# Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard; and all and every such Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall at all times pldce and keep his, her and their Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, distinlt and separate, according to their respective Class or Denomination, Sort or kind, and in such manner that any Officer or Officers surveying the Mill or Manufactory may at all times, with the Assistance of such Maker and Makers, or a sufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, which Assistance they the said Maker and Makers are hereby required on the Request of such Officer or Officers to give to the utmost of his, her or their Power, correctly and without Difficulty take Account of the Number of Reams or Parcels of each Class or Denomination, Sort or kind of Paper, Mill-board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, and be able, without the Necessity of removing or distrurbing any of the Reams of such Paper, to distinguish the Words, matters and things directed to be printed, wntten or damped upon the Wrapper, Cover or Label of each Ream of such Paper; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall oppose, moled, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise m inspecting or taking such Account as aforesaid, or shall at any time refuse or neglect, when required, to give to any Officer or Officers such Assistance as aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or refuse to keep his, her or their Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard in such manner as aforesaid, or hide or conceal any Part thereof, all and every such Maker or Makers, or Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, to cut the Edges of such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, before the fame is tied up in Reams or Parcels respectively in the manner herein after mentioned: Provided always, that if any Paper be divided with a Knife or other Instrument before such Paper shall be tied up in Reams or Parcels (except by cutting the Edges of such Paper), each separate Piece into which such Paper shall be so divided shall be deemed a Sheet of the Ream into which it shall or is to be tied up; and that all and every Maker and Makers of Paper shall distinguish each and every Ream of such divided Paper, by marking, writing or printing in large legible Chara&ersand Words at Length on the Label thereof, herein after mentioned, the Words " Cut Paper, " and the Number of Pieces into which each original Sheet has been divided, and shall place and keep such Paper separate and apart from all uncut

14 Paper,

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 103.

Paper, and from all Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper shall neglect or refuse to distinguish such Paper so divided as aforesaid by the Words M Cut Paper, " and by the Number of Pieces into which each original Sheet has been divided as aforesaid, being so marked, written or printed thereon by him, her or them respectively as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to keep all such Paper separate and apart from all uncut Paper, and from all Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, and Pasteboard, he, she or they so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

IV. And be it fiirtner enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, in tying up any Ream or Parcel of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall make use of only one entire and unknotted String, and that such String shall pals over the Length and across the Middle of each Ream of Paper, so that the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of such String shall be on the Middle of One of the Sides of such Ream; and that such String shall pass over the Length, and Twice at equal Distances across the Breadth of each Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button raper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, so that the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of such String shall be in the Middle of One of such Croflings, and on One of the Sides of such Parcel; and all and every Ream and Reams of Paper and Parcel and Parcels of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, which shall be found by any Officer or Officers of Excise tied up otherwise than as aforesaid shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer Or Officers of Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall mark, write or print, or cause to be marked, written or printed in large and legible Characters upon the Label herein after mention^, affixed on every Ream of Paper, and upon every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, the Weight of such Ream or Parcel respectively; and if any such Maker or Makers of Paper shall refuse or neglect to mark, write or print, or cause to be marked, written or printed as aforesaid, on the Label of every Ream of Paper, and of every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, hereafter mentioned, the Weight of such Ream or Parcel, or if any such Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall at any time, on being reweighed by any Officer or Officers of Excise, be found to weigh less or more than Five per Cent. under or over the Weight lo marked, written or printed on such Ream or Parcel by such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and shaft and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maker or Makers of such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed* Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall forfeit and lose the Penalty of pifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall as soon as any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, has been made and tied up, as is by Law in that behalf directed, and before it is produced to the proper 'Officer of Excise to be weighed and damped to denote the Charge of Duty, firmly and permanently fix or cause to be fixed with warm Paste, made of Glue, Flour and Water only, a Label made of a certain kind of Paper called Tissue Paper, of at least Four Inches square, and of a different Colour from the Cover or Wrapper of the Ream, to and upon One of the Sides, of the Cover or Wrapper of each and every Ream of Paper, and over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof; and shall firmly and permanently fix or cause to be meed as aforesaid, on each and every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, a Label made of the said Paper called Tissue Paper aforesaid, of at least Nine Inches square, over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof, and to and upon another larger Piece of Paper of a different Colour placed on the Top or Bottom of such Parcel, and beneath such Knot, and between the String and outer Sheet of such Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively; and shall write or print, or cause to be written or printed, on each and every such Labels respectively, in distinct and legible Characters, immediately after the fame has been so affixed as aforesaid, and has become perfectly dry, the progressive Number of the Ream or Parcel, and in Words at Length the Class or Denomination and Sort or kind of the Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Siieathing Paper or Pasteboard, and if the Paper has been so divided as aforesaid, the Number of Pieces into which the original Sheet shall have been divided as aforesaid, and the Weight of such Ream or Parcel as aforesaid; and shall also write, print or mark thereon the Number or Letter by which the Mill at which such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard has been manufactured, shall be distinguished by the Book or Paper delivered to such Maker or Makers and then in use as hereinbefore mentioned; and on which Label, when perfectly dry but not before, shall also be impressed by the Officer, after he has weighed such Paper, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, Part of the Stamp to denote the Charge of Duty, the other Part thereof being impressed upon the Wrapper of the Ream of Paper, or upon the larger Piece of Paper to which such Label is affixed, upon each Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall not, as soon as any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, has been made and tied up as is by Law in that behalf directed, and before it is by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise to be weighed and damped to denote the Charge of Duty, firmly and permanently so fix or cause to be so fixed with

warm

981

Paper,* and kept separate from the uncut.

[Penalty.]

Directions for tying up»

Reams or Parcels tied up contrary to Directions forfeited.

Makers to mark the Weight on the Label affixed to every Ream of Paper or Parcel of Pasteboard.

Makers refusing, or if Paper found of undue Weight.

[Penalty.]

Directions for affixing a Label as soon as the Paper, See, shall tied up;

and the Number of the Ream or Parcel, the Class, usd other Particulars to be written thereon.

Makers neglecting to do so.

982

[Penalty.]

Makers on receiving Paper, Me. which has {keen made at any ocher Mill, or which baa been returned, shall distinguish and keep fame fcpirate.

[Penalty.]

Entries to be made at the Excise Office every Six Weeks of all Paper, ftc. \ charged within that Period, and dating other Particulars, to be verified 00 Gath.

[Penalty.]

Makers travelling to make Entries.

If Quantity contained in such Entries added to uncharged Stock be Five per Cent, under Account kept daily, Deficiency charged with Duty.

C. 103. 50 GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

warm Paste, made of Glue, Flour and Water only, such Label as aforesaid to and upon One of the Sides of the Cover or Wrapper of each and every Ream of Paper, and over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof, or shall not firmly and permanently so fix or cause to be so fixed as aforesaid* on each and every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, such Label as is before in that behalf mentioned, over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof, and to and upon another larger Piece of Paper of a different Colour placed on the Top or Bottom of such Parcel, and beneath such Knot, and between the String and outer Sheet of such Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, or shall not write or print, or cause to be written or printed on such Labels respectively, immediately after the same shall have been so fixed and become perfectly dry as aforesaid, in distinct and legible Chandlers, the prog re fibre Number of the Ream or Parcel, and in Words at Length the Class or Denomination and Sort or kind of the Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, of which such Ream or Parcel consists, and if such Paper has been so divided as aforesaid, the Number of Pieces into which the original Sheet shall have been divided as aforesaid, and the Weight of such Ream or Parcel, and also the Number or Letter by which the Mill at which such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glased Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard has been manufactured, shall be distingui&ed as aforesaid, every such Maker and Makers respectively so offending shall, for each and every such Ottence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, or Pasteboard, shall, when and so often as he, she or they shall receive or nave delivered at or on his, her or their entered Premises any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, which has been made or charged with Doty at miy other Mill or Manufactory, or which has been returned to him, her or them, from any Custonter or Customeva, or other Person or Persons, mark, write or print on and distinguish every such Ream or Parcel of Paper, Mill-board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, with the Number or Letter by which the Mill is distinguished as aforesaid, and at which the fame was manufactured, and from whence received, or with the Words " Returned Paper" respectively, as the case may happen to be, and shall keep all such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, separate and apart from each other, and from all other Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, on pain of forfeiting for each and every Rich Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, shall once in every Six Weeks make a true Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise within the Limits whereof such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, and Pasteboard respectively shall be made, of all Paper, Mill-board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, charged on such Maker or Makers respectively within such Period of Six Weeks, in which Entries the Number of Reams and Parcels of Rich Phper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, separated into and distingnished by the different Classes, Denominations, Sorts and kinds of each, and the total Weight of each Day's Charge respectively, shall be inserted and dated Day by Day as the time is or are damped by the Officer, to denote the Charge of Duty, and such Entries ftudl oe verified upon Oath by the Makers of such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glased Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, or his, her or their chief Workman or Servant employed in making the same) and such Maker or Makers shall thereupon further make Oath that no other Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, than is mentioned therein, has been wkhm such Period of Six Weeks (except such a9 may have been previously taken an Account of and charged wkh Duty) by him, her or them removed, carried or font, or caused, differed or known to be removed, carried or sent from his, her or their Pvemifes, (which Oath9 the several Collectors or Supervisors of Excise are hereby respectively authorized to administer), on pain of forfeiting for each and every Refafal or Neglect to keep or make such Entry or such Oath as aforesaid, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; provided that no such Maker or Makers shall be obliged to go further than the Market Town next to the Place where such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, shall have been made for the making of such Entries as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, contained and inserted in Rich Entries, added to the uncharged Stock of such Maker or Makers respectively, shall at any time from and after the Tenth Day of October be found to be less than Five per Cent, under and below the Account entered and kept of the Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, which shall have been daily made, and of which an Account is so to be kept as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise to charge such Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, with the Duties on Rich Deficiency of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard fefocCit* ively, as shall be below Five Cent. as aforesaid, according to the Average Weight of the Paper, Mill-board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, or Pasteboard so missing end unchanged.

X. And Whereas a certain Drawback or Allowance 19 by Law made and payable, on certain Terms and 6 Conditions, of the Duty charged or chargeable on Glazed Paper and Press Papers, actually and bona fide nfed*> employed and consumed in the pressing of Woollen Cloths or Stufft jr Be it further enacted, That Rich

15 Drawback

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 103. 983

Drawback or Allowance as aforesaid shall not be made or paid, except for so mu^h of such Papers as shall at Gla*e<l Paper the time of making the Oath in that behalf required of the Use and Employment of such Paper, have been a"d ?re6 j*aper produced to the Officer of Excise attending, on Forty eight Hours' Notice in Writing, specifying the Day, w^lien ClotX Hour and Place for such Attendance and Quantity of such Paper, given to him for that Purpose by the Person to be produced claiming such Allowance, and which shall, after an Account takcu of such Paper by the said Officer, have to Officer, to ob-been burnt in his Presence. tain Drawback.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of 0 Sober One thousand eight hun- Makers not to dred and sixteen, no Maker or Makers of Paper, or other Person or Persons, shall carry on the Trade or Bufi- carry on the ness of a Stationer or Dealer in Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Bufinef* of* Paper or Pasteboard, at any Paper or Pasteboard Mill respectively, nor shall any Maker or Makers of Paper Mffl°^withiif carry on the Buiinefe of a Stationer oar Dealer in Paper, in or on any Premises within the Distance of Two Two* Mile* Miles of any Mill or Manufactory for the making of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed thereof.

Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, on pain of forfeiting for each and every such Offence respectively the Sum of Two hundred Pounds 5 and such Maker or Makers (hatt also forfeit and lose the Penalty.

Value of all the Paper by hun, her or them made or manufactured during the time of carrying on such Trade of a Stationer or Dealer as aforesaid.

XII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 34 G. 3. c.ao.

intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Sc ale board and Ginned Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof a Drawback of the Duties upon Paper is allowed to the Uni verities

4 of Oxford and Cambridge, and to the King's Printers in England and Scotland respectively, upon all Paper*used in the printing of Bibles, Testamenta, Pfaira Books, Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England* the Book commonly called or known in Scotland by the Name of The ConffRon of Faith, or The Larger or Shorter Catechism of the Church of Scotland, upon certain Conditions, ana upon taking and fob-

scribing an Oath as therein prescribed, which Oath is to be taken by the Chief Manager of the Prese in the Universities, and by the King's Printers in England and Scotland respectively: And Whereas Doubts have ?atp°f the a^' 4 arisen whether the Oath prescribed by the said Act is to be taken and subscribed by all and every Patentee of office of the said Offices of King's Printer respectively Be it therefore enacted, That the Oath of the acting Patentee King* Printer of the Offices of King's Printer in England or Scotland respectively shall be deemed foffleient, within the true sufficient, under Meaning of the said recited Act, for all the Purposes of the said recited Act. recited Act.

XIII. And Whereas it is by the said Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present 4* Gw 3. c. 94.

Majesty enacted, that no Pasteboard shall be made in Great Britain, of or from any Material or Material* k

whatever. Cave and except Paper which shall have been charged with the full Duties of Excise payable them*

4 on, and which shall not have been written or printed on, or previously used foe any Purpose whatever; and that before any Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall begin to make any Paper into Pasteboard, ha, (he or they shall produce to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise all such Paper as shall by him, her or them bo intended to be made into Pasteboard in the original Covers or Wrappers in which the tame was. charged, and having the Excise Duty Stamp fair and legible on each Ream thereof, and shall take the said Covers or Wrap*

pers from the said Paper in the Presence of such Officer, who shall thereupon take Account of such Piper, and of the Quantity and Weight thereof, and shall destroy the Duty Stamp on each and every of the said Covers or Wrappers; and to the Intent that such Officer may be enabled to attend and examine and take Account of such Paper, every and all such Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty four Hours' Notice in Writing of his Intention to produce fetch Paper, and shall specify in such Notice the true Quantity of Paper intended to be produced, and the Day and Hourwhen he intends so to produce the fame: And Whereas it is expedient to confine the said recited Provisions to Maker* of Respectfag Ms* 4 Pasteboard, not being Makers or concerned or interested in the Trade or Bufinefe of a Maker of Paper, terials from Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, or Sheathing Paper* Be it therefore enacted, That £h^.PaftV from and after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the said recited Provision* j^ade "shall extend and apply to such Maker or Makers only of Paueboard as is not nor tnt e* ffioU be a Maker or on]y to Makers Maker* or concerned or interested in the Trade or Business of a Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, of Pasteboard. Dutton Paper, Glazed Paper, or Sheathing Paper; and it shall and may be lawful for all and every Maker Maker* of and Makers of Papery Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheathing Paper, to make Paper, &c. may at his, her or their entered Paper Mill any Pasteboard, subject and liable to the Payment of the Duties respect- Paste-ively herein after mentioned, according to the Quality thereof, from or with Paper, Millboard, Button Board,

Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Shqathing Paper made by him, her or them at such Mill, before the feme £>ulies aft^er shall have been charged with the Duty iraposed on such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, mentioned. Glazed Paper, or Sheathing Paper respectively, any thing iu any other Act or Ada to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further eoaded. That from and after the Tenth Day of QSober'One thousand eight hun* Duty on P*ft*» dred and (ixteea, the Duty of Excise payable upon Pasteboard imported from Ireland into Great Britain shall board imported be and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except as to any Arrears thereof; and that there shall be raffed, from levied, collededand paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successora, the several Duties of Excise herein after repw'mentioned that is to say, for every One Hundred Weight of all Pasteboard which shall be made iu Great Duties on JBritain or made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, from Paper wholly of the Second Pasteboard. Clafa or Denomination, Fourteen Shillings, and so ia proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; for every One Hundred Weight of all Pasteboard, which shall be made in Great Britain or made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain wholly qr in part, from any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Papery Glazed Paper or Sheathing Paper* other than Paper of the Second Class or DeaoxninitioD, One Pound Eight

Shillings*

u.

984 C. 103.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Paid by Makers.

Allowance to Makers of Pasteboard from Paper which has paid Duty.

Oath by Makers.

Drawbacks on Pasteboard repealed, and in lieu thereof Drawbacks herein mentioned to be paid, f Sic,

Duties to be under Management of Commissioners of Excise.

Duties and Drawbacks on Paileboard how to be levied and paid.

Former Acts in

force.

Makers to place their uncharged Stock yearly in such manner as to enable the Excise Officers to make an annual Balance of Quantity of Paper, &c. made ana charged with Puty.

Shillings, and so on in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; which said Duties respectively shall be paid by the Makers of such Pasteboard.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October there shall be paid and allowed to all and every Maker and Makers of Pasteboard, not being a Maker or Makers or interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of a Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheathing Paper, who shall make any Pasteboard, and be charged with the aforesaid Duties thereon respectively, from or with Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheathing Paper, for which the Duties shall have been charged and paid thereon respectively, and which shall have been produced and taken account of by the Officer as aforesaid before the making thereof into such Pasteboard, so much of the Duties charged and paid in respect of such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheathing Paper respectively, as shall be equal to and not more than the A mount of the Duty charged and paid by such Maker or Makers of such Pasteboard, upon Oath being first made by such Maker or Makers, or his, her or their Principal Workman engaged in the said Manufactory, which Oath the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise are hereby respectively authorized to administer, that such Pasteboard has been wholly made from such Duty paid Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheathing Paper respectively, so previously produced to and taken account of by the Officer as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October the Drawback payable upon the Exportation of Pasteboard shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except as to all Arrears thereof, and that there shall be in lieu of the Drawback on Pasteboard hereby repealed be f allowed the following Drawbacks; for every One Hundred Weight of all Pasteboard which shall be made in Great Britain from Paper, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, wholly of the Second Class or Denomination, and for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Fourteen Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; for every One Hundred Weight of all Pasteboard which shall be made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, wholly or in part from any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheathing Paper, other than Paper of the Second Class or Denomination, and for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Pound Eight Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Duties of Excise, and the said several Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise upon Pasteboard, shall and maybe respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged and mitigated in such and the like manner, and m or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize, matters and things of the fame Sorts or kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged and mitigated; and all Pasteboard and such Duties and Drawbacks respectively therein, shall be and the fame is and are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, and to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, were subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all Iotent9 and Purposes whatever as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of enabling the proper Officer or Officers of Excise to make an annual Balance of the whole Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, made by any Maker or Makers of Paper in the preceding Year, and of the Quantity thereof respectively charged with Duty, every such Maker or Makers shall, on the Fifth Day of July -in each Year, or at such time or times as any such Maker or Makers shall decline or leave off Business, or assign or transfer such Business to any other Person or Persons not being a Partner with such Maker or Makers, on Notice being for that Purpose given by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise to fijeh Maker or Makers, Seven Days at the lead before such Account as is herein after mentioned shall be taken, and such Balance made, lay and place the whole of his, her or their uncharged Stock and loose Paper reduced into Reams and odd Quires as first hereinbefore mentioned, and Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, in Dozens and odd Sheets, in such manner or Order that the fame may be conveniently numbered, weighed or otherwise taken account of by such Officer or Officers of Excise; and all and every such Maker or Makers shall and are hereby required, with his, her or their Servants or Workmen, to give all needful and requisite Aid and Assistance to uich Officer or Officers in numbering, weighing or otherwise taking account of such uncharged or Ipose Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Pppcr, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, as by such Officer or Officers may be found

necessary

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 103, 104. 985

necessary for making such Balance as aforesaid 5 and that such Account of the Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, and of the kinds, Sorts and Quantities of each in the Custody or Possession of all and every such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, shall, upon such Notice as aforesaid, be first taken account of by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, on the Tenth Day of Odoher One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and if any such Maker or Makers, or any other Person or Obstruction Persons whatsoever, shall oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in taking such Officer. Account as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to lay, place and keep his Quantity of uncharged or loose Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard in such manner or Order as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect, when thereto required, to give to any such Officer or Officers such Aid or Assistance, or shall hide or conceal any such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper,

Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, from the Sight and Inspection of such Officer or Officers, or shall use any Art, Means or Contrivance, to prevent any such Officer or Officers from taking a just and true Account thereof, every such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and Iofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XX. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for retooling the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glared Paper,

and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; all and every Stationer and Stationers or Dealer and Dealers in Paper, are respectively required, upon opening any Ream or Bundle of Paper, forth with to destroy or cause to be destroyed the Wrapper or Cover in which such Paper was inclosed: And Whereas by reason of the Stamp or Impression directed by this Act being put upon a Label only, it is not requisite for Security of So much the Duty on Paper to destroy the Wrapper or Cover in which any such raper was inclosed; Be it therefore c-2a

enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of 0Sober, so much of the said Act as is lastly hereinbefore re- the defta^ngof cited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except as to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Wrapper* on Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred by any Person or Persons whatsoever in respect thereof, or relating thereto, opening Bundle*, before or on the Day last aforesaid. repealed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by this A A, shall be Recovery and sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture Application of may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, the necef- Duties carried toL fary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt Consolidated

of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Money, so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as Fun '* aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking Taking falft a false Oath in any of the cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, or any other Oaths.

Act oi* A&a of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, in order to obtain any Drawback or Allowance by this Act granted, shall be liable to the Pams and Penalties to which Persons are liable

for wilful and corrupt Penury. Perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied may

pr repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament. alteredj&c.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persons making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vessels; for licensing Luggers employed in the North Sea Fishery, and obliging Exporters of Exciseable Goods on Drawback to give Notice of Shipment.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Protection of the Revenue and more effectual Prevention of 4 W*Smuggling, that additional Powers should be given to Officers of Customs and Excise respectively to make Seizures, and that Officers on Half Pay should be authorized and empowered to make Seizures,

and that further Encouragement should be given to Officers and Persons employed in preventing Smuggling,

and to Persons giving Information relating thereto, and that the Laws relating to ucenfing Vessels mould be amended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this present Parliament assembled, an3 by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Officer of Customs shall have. Officers of Cuf-use and exercise all such and the like Powers and Authorities for the Examination, Seizure, Detention^ tonu to have the Removal and Prosecution of any Ship, Boat or other Vessel, Cart or other Carriage, Horse or Cattle, or EXcire°officers any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, forfeited under any Law or Laws of Excise, as are or shall \n cases of For-hereafter be granted, or shall or may be used or exercised in that behalf by any Officer of Excise; ana tha^ feitures under every Officer of Excise.shall have, use and exercise all such and the like Powers and Authorities for the the Laws of Ex* Examination, Seizure, Detention, Removal and Prosecution of any Ship, Boat or other Vessel, Cart or other fifes' o^Forfeit Carriage, Horse or Cattle, or Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, forfeited under any Law or Laws " undeTthe relating to His Majesty's Custonas as are or shall hejreafter be granted, or shall or may be used or exercised Laws of CuU $6 Geo. III. (5 K in toms, Excise

Officers to act as Officers of Customs.

Officers of the Army or Navy on Half Pay* authorized by the Treasury or the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, may make Seizures, pur-iiiant to their Warrant. Former Acts relating to Seizures extended to such Seizures.

Such Officers making colluiive Seizures or taking Bribes,

and offering Bribes.

[Penalty.]

Such Seizures to be prosecuted under Diredrlion of Commission-trs of Customs or Excise; and the Powers,

Scc. given in cases of Seizures by Officers cf Customs and Excise lhafl extend to such Half Pay Officers.

Proviso as to Half Pay Officers l'eizing Ships liable to Forfeiture under Navigation Alls.

In lieu of the Rewards now payable, the Rewards herein mentioned ftull be paid for Seiz'd r eg.

C. 104. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 181&

in that behalf by any Oflfeef of Customs; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

if. And be it Further enacted, That it shall be lawful For any Officer of the Army or Navy on Half Pay, who shall be authorised for that Purpose by Warrant or other Instrument under the Hands of the Lord High Treasuref or Commissionert of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or by a deputation from any Three or more of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, to seize, within any such Limits as shall be specified in any such Warrant or Iostrument, any Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, or any prohibited East India or French Goods, or any other Goods specified in any such Warrant or Instrument which may be subject to Seizure, under any Law Or Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise respectively, or any Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle or Carriages used or employed in the Importation or Removal of such Prohibited or Run Goods; and all the Powers, Provisions and Authorities contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in relation to the making of any Seizure of any such Goods, or of any such Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle or Carriage for being used or employed in the Importation or Removal of any such Goods by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and to the arresting or detaining any Men liable to be arrested or detained under any Act or Acts of Parliament passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall extend and be construed to extend to all such Officers so authorized as aforesaid, and as to all Goods or Articles which they are respectively empowered to seize, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Authorities and Directions, relative thereto, were repeated and reefcafted in the Body of this present Act, as to all such Officers respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer on Half Pay, Military or Naval, so authorized as aforesaid, shall make any collusive Seizure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any Agreement to deliver up, 6r not to seize any Ship or Vessel, Boats, Horse, Cattle or Carriage, or any Goods liable to Seizure, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Bribe, Gratuity, Recompence or Reward for the Neglect or Nonperformance of his Duty, in relation to any such Goods or Articles, or Seizure thereof, every such Officer therein offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving His Majesty in any Office or Employment, Civil or Military; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give, offer or protnife to give, any Bribe, Recompense or Reward tu, or make any such collusive Agreement with any such Officer, every such Person or Per foot shall, For each and every such Offence, whether the fame Offer, Proposal, Protnife or Agreement be accepted or performed or not, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Seizure shall be prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, under the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise ia England and Scotland respectively in the same manner as if made by an Officer or Officers of the Custom9 or Excise 5 and all Penal* ties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, relative to the Seizure of the like Description of Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, by Officers of the Customs or Excise respectively; and all Powers, Authorities, Exemption and Exceptions, and all Privileges and Protestions as to maintaining or defending any Suit or Action and Pleading therein, or any Costs thereon, in relation to any Acts, matters or things done or that may be done by any Officers of the Customs or Excise respectively, shall extend and be deemed, construed and taken to extend, and shall apply to all such Officers on Half Pay fb authorized as aforesaid, and to all Seizures made by them respectively under the Authority of this Act, in pursuance of any Warrant or Instrument given under the Provisions thereof, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Penalties, Clauses, matters, things, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Exceptions, Privileges and Protestions were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give to any such Officer on Half Pay as aforesaid, any Power or Authority to seize any* Ships, Goods or Commodities whatever, liable to Forfeiture under any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the further Reward and Encouragement of Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, or Officers acting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners ifor executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of such Officers on Half Pay as aforesaid, and of all Officers acting under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise of England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, for the Prevention of Smuggling, and of other Persons giving Information of any smuggling Traniaction, the Rewards herein after mentioned shall, in lieu of the Rewards now payable, be paid and allowed for and in respect of all Seizures of Ships, Boats or other Vessels, Goods, Wares or Merchandize under any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise now in force St Sea, or for being unshipped or landed without Payment of His Majesty's Duties of Customs or Excise respectively payable on the legal Importation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the Importation of which shall be wholly prohibited; that is to say, if any such Officer or Officers making any such Seizure at Sea shall also arrest, flop and detain all the Persons who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Boat or other Vessel in or on board of which fuftr Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be or fhafi. have been brought, found or seized, and shall also fei2e and secure such Ship, Boat or other Vessel; or making such Seizure on Shore shall also arrest, flop and detain the Person who shall be unlading, removing, carrying or concealing such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, landed without Payment df Duty or wholly prohibited as aforesaid, and also seize and secure the Cart or other Carriage, and Horse or Horses or Cattle used for removing and carrying the fame; and such Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall take or convey, or cause every such Person so arrested, flopped or detained as aforesaid to be taken or conveyed before One or

more

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII IU. C. 104.

more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, so that he or they may be desk with according to Law \ or shall deliver every such Person who shall be fit for and liable to be employed in His Majesty's Navy to some Con mender in or on beard of One of His Majesty's Ships of War, then and in every fucW case £uch Officer or Officers making such Seizure shall be entitled to and shall be paid the whole of the Value, after dedqcting all such Costs and Expencee as aforesaid, at which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be respectively estimated or fixed by the Commissioners of Customs or Excifl* respectively ordering and directing the Profecy-tion; and in case some or one only of such Persons as aforesaid shall be seized, arrested or detained, and brought before such Justice or Justices, or delivered over for the Use of His Majesty's Navy as aforesaid, and the rest shall unavoidably escape, and such Ship, Boat or other Vessel shall also be seized and secured as aforesaid, such Officer or Officers malting such Seizure as aforesaid shall be entitled to and shall be paid, after fycji Deduction as aforesaid, Three Fourth Parts or Shares of such Value as aforesaid; and in case fych Officer or Officers as aforesaid, making any such Seizure as aforesaid, shall also seize and secure such Ship, Boat or other Vessel as aforesaid, or the Cart or other Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horse9, or pattje* aforesaid, but shall not also flop, arrest and detain, and produce before the Justice or Justicea, or deliver oyer for the Use of His Majesty's Navy as aforesaid, any of the Persons aforesaid, or shall stop, arrest, detain and produce before the Justice or Justicea, or deliver over for the Use of His Majesty's Navy as aforesaid, fych Persons as aforesaid, or some or one of them, but not seize and secure such Snip, Boat or other Vessel, Cart, Carriage, Horse or Cattle as aforesaid, then and in such case such Officer or Officers making such Seizure 'shall be entitled to and shall be paid, after such Deduction as aforesaid, Two Third Parts olfuch Value 3* aforesaid; and in case any such Officer or Officers shall make Seizure of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as aforesaid, and shall neither seize and secure the Ship, Boat or other Vessel aforesaid, or arteft, detain and produce before the Justice or Justicea, or deliver over for the Use of His Majesty's Navy as aforesaid, any of the Persons aforesaid, then and in such case such Officer or Officers making such Seizure of fuqh Goods, Wares or Merchandizes only shall be entitled to and shall be paid, after such Deduction as aforesaid? One Half Part of t£e Value at which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so estimated or fixed as aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's T re a fury for the time being, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that the Failure of any such Officer or Officer^ rupon making any such Seizure as aforesaid, in arresting all or any of the Persons aforesaid, and producing "them or him before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or delivering them or him over for the Use ef His Majesty's Navy, or feiziqg and securing such Ship, Boat or other Vessel, was not owing to any Want of Exertion on the Part of such Officer or Officers, but was solely occasioned by Resistance, or from the Violence of the Sea, Darknefa of the Night or other insurmountable Obstacles, to grant to such Officer or Officers such further Part of the Value of such Seizure as aforesaid, as by them may be deemed expedient ip that behalf.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasurjr for the time being, or any Three of them, or for the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, tinder their Direction, to order so much of the Reward, Part or Share of any such Seizure, or of the Value thereof as aforesaid, as is by this Act given or granted to the Officer or Officers making any such Seizure as aforesaid, as they may deem proper, to be paid to the Person or Persons by whose Information or through whole Means and Assistance such Seizure may be or may have been so made; and that every such Reward, or I'art or Share of any such Seizure, or of the Value thereof, as shall under or by virtue of this or any other Act for payable to any Officer or Officers, .Non Commissioned Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen or Privates of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines? or acting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral, or of the Com-tnaffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-Imndy shall be divided and difbributed in such Proportions, and according to such Rules, Regulations and Orders, as rHis Majesty shall, by his Order or Orders in Council, or by his Royal Proclamation in that behalf, be pleased to direct or appoint.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, liable to Seizure or Examination by this t*c any other Act of Parliament in force, shall not bring to on being required so.to do, or being efiafed by any fillip or Vessel in His Majesty's 'Navy, having the proper Pendant and Ensign of His Majesty's Ships hoisted, or by any Ship or Vessel employed in the Prevention of Smuggling under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, having a Pendant and Enfigivhoifted of such Description as His Majesty, by any Order in Council, or by his Royal Proclamation, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall from time to time in that behalf order and direct, it shall and may be lawful for the Captain, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's , Navy, or eipployed as aforesaid* (firftcauJfing a Gun to be fined as a Signal, ) to (hoot at or into such Ship or Vessel so liable as aforesaid; and such Captain, Master or other Officer, and every Person a&iqg in his Aid and Assistance, or by his Direction, shall be and he is hereby indemnified and discharged from any Penalties or Actions for Damages for so

-doing; and in case any Person or Persons shall be wounded, maimed or killed, by means of such firing, and the said Captain, Master or other Person acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or by his or their Direction, shall foe fixed, molested, or prosecuted, or shall be brought before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or other. Justices or Persons having competent Authority, for or on account of such Wounding, Maiming or Kriting as aforesaid, all and every such Justice or Justices, Person or Persons, is , and are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoined and required to admit every such Captain, Master or other Person or Persons so brought before him aoo them as aforesaid, : to Bail; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

6, K 2 IX. And

Provife where Evidence to Satisfaction of TreafWy that the Failure of Arrest or Seizure was not owing to want of Exertion on the part of the Officer.

Reward to Inform ew.

Shares of Seizures payable q Officers an^ Men of the Army and Navy to be distributed according to Proclamation.

Vessels liable to Examination not bringing to when required may be (hot at (first firing a Signal Gun; and the Captain, fee. of His Majesty's Ship, See. shall he indemnified, having die proper Pendant and iinfign hoilled.

988

Matters of Vessels not being in the Service holding such Pendant or Enlign. Penalty.

*4 G. 3. Sefl*. % . c. 47.

Oat Half of the Rewards to be paid on Condemnation of Seizure, and the other on Accounts being ad-just ed.

Expences to be paid out of gross Proceeds of Sale; ox if Seizure not, fold, then out of The King's Share of Seizures.

Commissioners of Customs or Excise may pay Expences in first Instance out of The King's Share of Seizures, and also distribute a Sum among the Officers, &c. not exceeding the Value of Reward appointed for Seizure, without deducing Expence.

Expences of Prosecutions may be paid out of The King's Share of Penalties.

49 G. 3. c. 6j. § a.

repealed, and

Two Justices empowered to determine in all cases of Seizure

C. 104. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel not being in the Service of His Majesty's Navy, or employed as aforesaid, shall carry or hoist any such Pendant or Enlign as is hereinbefore respectively mentioned, the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is directed to be recovered and applied in and by an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom

X. And be it further enacted, That One Half Part of act such Rewards as aforesaid, after such Deduction as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively by whom the Prosecution shall be directed to such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid who shall be entitled to the fame, immediately upon the Condemnation of any such Seizure as aforesaid, and the other Half Part thereof upon the Account or Accounts relating to such Seizure being finally made up and adjusted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Cod* and Expence* attending the Seizure, Detention, Custody, Removal, Prosecution, Condemnation and Sale of any Ship, Boat or other Vessel, Carnage, Horse, Cattle, Good*, Wares or Merchandize respectively, forfeited under any Law or Law* of Custom* or Excise, except in the cases herein after mentioned, be paid out of the grof* Proceed* arising from the Sale of such Seizure whenever such Goods, Ware* or Merchandize respectively are fold; and in case any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be sold, but be destroyed or otherwise disposed of by any Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them as aforesaid, all such Costs and Expences shall be paid out of His Majesty's Share of Cudoms or Excise Seizures which shall or may be seized or condemned.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in all case* where any Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, Carriage or Goods of what kind soever shall be seized as forfeited under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Cudoms or Excise, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners of Cudoms or Excise, or any Three or more of them respectively, under the Directkm of the Lord* Commissioners of the Treasury, if they in their Discretion and Judgment shall deem it expedient so to do, to order the whole or any Part of the Costs, Charge* and Expences anfing either from the Seizure, Cudody, Removal, Detention or Prosecution of any such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, Carnage or Goods, whether the same shall be condemned or not, and also of the Cods, Charge* and Expences anfing from the Condemnation thereof, if the same shall be condemned, and of the Sale thereof, if fold, whether the Produce anfing from the Sale thereof shall be sufficient to answer the said Cods, Charge* and Expence* or not, to be paid out of His Majesty's Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of Cudoms or Excise Seizures, which have been or shall and may be seized and condemned, and shall pay or distribute to and amongst the Officer or Officers who shall have made any such Seizure as aforesaid, and the Informer or Informers, if any, by whose Information, or through whose Means or Affidance such Seizure shall be or shall have been made, a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Part, Share or Proportion of such Seizure, or the Value thereof, or the Reward for making such Seizure directed by Law to be paid or allowed to the Informer, or Officer or Person making any such Seizure respectively, in full, without deducting therefrom the said Cods, Charge* and Expences, or any Part thereof, and the Residue of such Produce shall be paid and applied to such Use* and Purpose* a* His Majesty's Share of the Produce of such Seizures is by Law applicable unto.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Prosecution carried on in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster> or His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, under or by virtue of any Order of the Commissioners of Cudoms or Excise in England or Scotland respectively, it shall be lawful for the said respecti?e Commissioners, or any Three or more of them respectively, under the Direction of the Lord* Commimoner* of the Treasury, if they in their Discretiou and Judgment shall deem it expedient so to do, to order the whole or any Part of the Cons, Charge* and Expences of such Prosecution, (whether the Money which shall be recovered and paid either by way of Penalty or Composition from the Defendant or Defendants shall be sufficient to answer such Cods, Charges and Expences or not, ) to be paid out of His Majesty's Share of the Penalties arising by Cudoms or Excise Prosecutions, and to allow the Officer or Officer* concerned in such Prosecution, or Person or Persons through whom Information or by whose Mean* or Affidance such Offences were defeated, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding a Moiety of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall befo recovered and paid as aforesaid; any Law^ Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, for 1 (amongst other things) giving Jurisdiction to Justice of the Peace to hear and determine Prosecutions for 1 Penalties incurred by any Offence against the Laws relating to the Revenue of Cudoms, it is provided and enacted, that nothing in that A d should extend or be condrued to extend to empower the said Justice* to 1 examine into, hear or determine any Prosecution for any Penalties incurred by any Offence against that or ' any Act or Acts then in force, or thereafter to be made, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Cudoms, in 1 any case wherein the fame should in the whole exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, unlef* they should be (b

empowered by any other Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, or thereafter to be made: And Whereat

it is expedient to repeal the said recited Provision, and to give to His Majesty's Justice of the Peace the fame Jurisdiction in respect of Forfeiture* incurred under any Ad or Ad* now in force, or which shall here-

after be made relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Cudoms, as they now have by Law in respect of any

Forfeiture* incurred under any Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's Revenue ot Excise 5' Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, City, Division or Liberty, to examine into, hear and determine all Prosecution* for the Condemnation of any Seizure made under or by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's Revenue of

16 Custom*;

A.D. 1816. 56 GEORGII III. C. 104. 989

Customs; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited before them, under Laws for the Condemnation of any such Seizure or Seizures as aforesaid, to proceed thereon in the same manner and of Customs as with the like Powers and Authorities as are given to them by any Law or Laws of Excise now in force with they n°w do respect to Forfeitures for the Breach of any Law or Laws of Excise; any thing in the said recited Act, or in e" dfe.*8 ° any other Act or Acts now in force to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to com- No Action to be mence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, any A&iqn, brought for the Bill, Plaint or Information against any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture,

tines, Penalties or Forfeitures incurred under or by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force, or which Audi.Order rfthe hereafter be made, relating to either of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise, or to iffufe or cause to Commissioners, fee issued any Writ or Writs of Appraisement for the Condemnation of any Ship or Ships, Boat or Boats, or or In the Name other Vessel or Vessels, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever seized as forfeited under or by virtue the Attorney of any such Act or Acts, unless the fame be commenced, prosecuted, entered, filed or issued by Order of the General-Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, or by or in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information or Writ of Appraisement is commenced, prosecuted, entered, filed or issued by or in the Name of any Person or Persons whatsoever, except upon such Order as aforesaid, or by or in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, the fame and all Proceedings thereupon had shall be null and void, and the Court or Courts, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, where or before whom such Action,

Bill, Plaint, Information or Writ of Appraisement is or shall be so commenced, prosecuted, entered, filed or issued, shall not permit or suffer any Proceeding or Proceedings to be had thereupon.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva and other Spirits which shall be Brrody and seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or Officer acting under the Orders Jthj*

of the Lord High Admiral, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise ^dNary, &c?to in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, or by Officers on Half Pay, Military or Naval, authorized as be lodged with.aforesaid, at Sea or on Shore, or having been unshipped or landed without Payment of His Majesty's Duties proper Officer of of Customs or Excise payable on the lawful Importation of such Spirits respectively, shall after the Seizure p1?* tnd.*fter thereof be lodged with the proper Officer of Excise, and secured and gauged and taken and kept account of; and after the Condemnation thereof respectively, upon Prosecution thereof by Order of the Commissioners of puc« provided Excise, shall be forthwith conveyed to such respective Places as are mentioned or provided in an Act made in under 45 0.3. the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the c. iai. § r3. more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, and there redistilled, under the Orders of the Commissioners of Excise,e*

for the Purpose of making the same of a proper import Strength, and shall afterwards be sold or otherwise dif-

{ofed of, as directed by the said Act, and by another Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of ofas directed by lis present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and 47 G. 3. Sess. % . by this Act, under the Orders of the Commissioners of Excise. c. 66. § 09.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, condemned as for- No forfeited feited under any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Goods be Ireland, shall be sold at a less Price than shall be equal to the Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise p^haa^ui! respectively payable upon such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, when imported or taken out for to ^©Duties0* Home Consumption; and that all condemned Goods, Wares or Merchandize, for which on public Sale a Price &c. shall not be offered equal at the lead to the Price aforesaid, and all condemned Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Importation whereof is or shall be wholly prohibited, shall be forthwith destroyed or sold for Exportation, or applied and disposed of to such Public Use as shall be ordered by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them.

XVIII. And Whereas an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to regulate the SS 0.3. c*n$« 4 Clearance of Vejfeh and Delivery of Coast Bonds at Creeks and Harbours in Great Britain; for exempting cer- I

tain Ships and rcjfels from being licensed by the Commissioners of Customs; for authoring Officers of the Customs to fci % c Spirits removing without Excise Permits; and for preventing Frauds in overloading Keels and other Carriages used in conveying Coals for Exportation, or to be carried Coqftwtfe: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act mould be amended, ' Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enads, that no Licences shall be required from the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland, for navigating certain Ships or Vessels therein particularly described, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed. repealed.

XIX. And Wheareas it is expedient to permit the Navigation of square rigged Ships and Vessels of No Licence rethe Burthen of Two hundred Tons or upwards, without requiring the Owners thereof to take out Licences qu»red fornavU 4 for that Purpose from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland; Be it Vessels of therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Licence shall be required from the Com- Tons Bur-

' missioners of the Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland, for navigating any square rigged Ship or Vessel of then or up-the Burthen of Two hundred Tons or upwards by Admeafnrement; and no such Snipi or Vessel shall be ward*, deemed liable to Seizure or Forfeiture under any Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the No Vessel liable passing of this Act, on account of her Length, Built, Construction, Denomination or Description: Provided account of her'nevertheless, that every such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, which shall be armed or intended to be armed for con(tru&io» Resistance, or be navigated or intended to be navigated with any greater Number of Men than is allowed by Law but armed Vafin proportion to the Number of Tons of her Admeasurement, shall be liable to Seizure or Forfeiture under fei» or navigated any Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to licensing of Ships ar.Vessels> unless the Owner or Owners with

99°

than iilloved, liable to Seizure, &c.

Vessels of the Description herein mentioned found within the Limits of any Port, or within roo Leagues of the Coast, not licensed.

Forfeited and seized.

Every open Vessel or Boat discovered to have been in Foreign Parts, or to have taken On board at Set any 'Goods from any Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, without Licence, forfeited and seized.

Licences to be granted under such Conditions as shall be deemed necessery for Prevention of Smug-fling.

Ships trading, &c. contrary to Licences, forfeited and seized.

On granting Licences, Owners to give Security in Treble the Value of VefleL

Security to be approved.

Commissioners of Customs may grant Licences for Navigation of Luggers not

C. 104* 56° GEORGII . IU. A.D. 1816.

of every stich Ship or Vessel shall take a Licence for the navigating thereof, in the same manner as if this A d had not been made.

XX. And Whereas it is expedient that certain Ships and Vessels, other than and except square rigged

Ships 'dr Vessels of Two hundred Tons Burthen and upwards, should have Licences for navigating the lame Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ieVenteeOvvery Ship or Vessel belonging in the whole or in any Part to any of His Majesty's Subjects, whereof One Half of the Persons ota board are Subjects of His said Majesty (and being a square rigged Ship Or Vessel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons and upwards, the Difference of whose Draught of Water forward and aft shall exceed One Inch and One Quarter of an Inch for every Foot of the Breadth of such Ship or Vessel) such Draught of Water to be afeertsdned by a straight Line along the Rabbit of the Keel, adding to such Draught of water, forward and aft, the Depth of the Main Keel in the Middle of the find Ship or Vessel, On the Outside, and the Draught of Water to be taken when the said Ships Or Vessel, whether light or loaded, shall be in failing Trim, which shall be found in the Limits of any Port of this Kingdofn, or within any Part of the Britfh or Irtfh Channels, or elsewhere, within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of this Kingdom, for which a Licence mall not have been procured from the Commissioners of ^Customs for navigating the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

XXI. And Whereas it is expedient for the Prevention of Smuggling, that no open Vessel or Boat whatsoever should be permitted to go to Foreign Parts, or to take or receive any Goods, Wares or Merchant

dizes at Sea from any Vessel coming from Foreign Parts without a Licence for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, every opeh Vessel or Boat, belonging in the whole or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, which shall be found or difeervered to have been in Foreign Parts, or shall be found with or discovered to have taken on board at Sea any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from any Ship, Vessel or Boat coming from Foreign Parts, unless such open Vessel or Boat shall have gone into any Foreign Port, or take such Goods to pre-serve- thfe fame from Necessity or Distress, of which Proof mall be made before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, immediately upon the Arrival of the said Vessel or Boat in a Port of this Kingdom, imless such Boat or Vessel shall be licensed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Custom^ or any Three or more of them, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, Marines or of the Customs or Excise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England 1 Scotland or Ireland, or any Three or more of them respectively, should be empowered to restrid and limit

the Operation of Licences with respect to the Employment or Navigation of Ships, Vessels or Boats

licensed in such manner as they may deem proper and fit for the Security of the Revenue, and the Prevention of Smuggling; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland and Ireland respectiveJjr, or any Three or more of them respectively, to grant any Licence which shall be required for the Navigation of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, upon such Condition as to the Navigation, Trade and Employment of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and for such Limits as to Distance from the Coast of the United Kingdom, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners may deem necessary or expedient or proper, for the Security of the Revenue and the Prevention of Smuggling; and every Ship or Boat, having any such conditional or limited Licence* which shall trade, navigate or be employed m any manner not authorized by the Licence, shall be forfeited and liable to Seizure, in like manner in any respect as if no Licence whatever had been granted for such Ship, Vessel or Boat; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Licences, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient to increase the Amount of Security for Ships, Vessels and Boats,

requiring to be licensed* Be it therefore enacted, That Security shall be given by the Owner or Owners of every Ship, Vessel or Boat, for which a Licence shall be required, in Treble the Value thereof instead of in Double the Vahie, such Security to be given under the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures as provided and enacted by the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, as far as the same are applicable thereto; and the Owner or Owners of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat so requiring a Licence, shall give the necessary Security for the fame at the Port to which such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall belong, and no other, and the Persons who are to become such Security for the same shall be Persons approved by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, sufficient and responsible and residing at or near the fame Port; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And Whereas by the Laws in force every Vessel belonging in the whole or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Admeafarement, which shall be rigged or fitted as a Lugger, is,

together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, fubied to Forfeiture, and may be

seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Artny, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise 2 And

Whereas, in consequence of such Limitation of Tonnage, great Inconvenience has been experienced by Persons

carrying on the North Sea Fishery, upon the Yorkshire and Norfolk Coast; ' For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland, or any Three or more of them respectively, to grant Licences for the Navigation of Luggers, not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty five Tons, by Admeasurement, intended to be solely employed in the Fishery carried on in the North Sear, between Saint Abbs Head on the Coast of Scotland, and the South Foreland on the Coast of Kentf provided

11 that

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 104. 991

Notice.

that no such Lugger shall proceed beyond the respective Di fiances from the Coast thereafter mentioned; (that exceeding 65 ia to say), when any such Lugger is employed in the Fishory to the Northward of a due East Le from Tons Burthen to Lo west offe Light House, and to the Southward of a due East. Line from Saint Abbs Head, it 0*41 UPt b«^Sea^ in lawful for such Lugger to proceed beyond the Distance of Twenty Leagues from the Coast; wbfii apy such FiSiery 5 bugger shall be employed in the Fishery to the Southward of the said due East Line faun Lowsftoffe Light but no Lugger to House, and to the Northward of a due East Line from the North Foreland, it ftull not be lawful for such proceed beyond Lugger to proceed beyond the Distance of Six Leagues from the Coast; and when employed in the Fiftwryhc Piflance* to the Southward of the said due East Line from the North Foreland % and to the Northward of a due East tiom^d men" Line from the South Foreland, it shall not be lawful for her to proceed beyond the Distance of Four Leagues from the Coast; and if any Lugger licensed under the Provisions of this Act shall be found beyond the Limits and Distances hereinbefore mentioned, every such Lugger shall be seized and prosecuted in the same manner she would have been if this Act had not been made 2 Provided always, that the Owner and Owner of Lug-Owners of every Lugger, licensed under the Provisions of this Act, shall, before any such Lugger proceed to sf"

Sea, or fail out of any Port, Harbour or Creek of this Kingdom, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, j his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Treble the Value thereof, in the manner required by an Act passed manner required in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an by 46 G. 3. jlQ made in the Forte third Tear of Hie present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be ipanejjovjed in c. 137. §2. Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned: and to alter the Condition of the Bond direBcd to be given by an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners of Fcfffls and Hoots licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty, with respect to certain Vessels and Boats for which the Owner or Owners are required to give Security by Bond as directed by that Ad.

XXV. And Whereas the Regulations by Law established for the Prevention of Frauds on the Shipment*of Goods for Exportation, in respect of which a Drawback or Drawbacks of Excise is or are payable, have been found infumcient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it has therefore heepme necessary to make further Regulations in respect thereof/ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after th/e Fifth Day Regulations to of July Oae thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all and every Person and Persons intending to export any Goods in respect of which any Drawback or Drawbacks of Excise shall or may become payable, shall give Goods fi^Ex-0 to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise of the Port where the same shall be shipped. Six Hours at the portation where least before such Shipment shall be made, a Notice thereof in Writing, in which Notice shall be specified the D/awhacks of Humber of Packages intended to be so shipped, with their respective Marks and Numbers, and the Quantity Eic*fe are aland Quality of the Goods contained in each such Package, and Rate and Amount of Duty which have been lowed*

{>aid thereon, and shall also specify the Quay or Place where such Package or Packages and Goods are ying, and from which such Goods are intended to be shipped, and the time when such Shipment is intended to take place, and the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same are intended to be shipped and exported, and of the Master or Commander thereof, and of the particular Port or Place to which such Goods are intended to be exported, and also the Place or Situation of the Port in which such Vessel shall then lie and may be found; and that if any Goods shall be shipped for Exportation, without such Notice as aforesaid being so Goods shipped given and delivered as aforesaid, or without such Officer having been allowed an Opportunity of inspecting and without Notice, examining the fame in consequence of such Notice, or if such Person or Persons shall not, after the Expiration of such Six Hours, or after the said Officer has finished and completed his Examination of the said Goods, with all due Diligence, and without any unnecessary Delay, ship the fame and every Part thereof, no Drawback or No Drawback. Drawbacks of Excise shall be paid or payable thereon or irt respect thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Examination of any Goods, or any Package or If on Examin-Packages specified in such Notice as aforesaid, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, any of such Goods, afion such Package or Packages shall be found to vary from the Description thereof respectively contained in such Notice, ?°°^s be so that a higher or greater Sum of Money than of Right due shall have been claimed, or would according to j)efcri?tion such Description, in case such Discovery or Detection had not been made, have been, on the Exportation of given, and a such Goods or Package or Packages respectively, deemed payable as a Drawback or as Drawbacks of Excise greater Draw-in respect thereof, or His Majesty in any respect defrauded therein, all and every such Goods or Package or back would have Packages, and the Goods contained therein respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized 'by k*en cla'£ie<, ' any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons who shall have entered the fame for Ex- due"Goods*portation, knowing thereof, shall, over and above all other Penalties, forfeit and lose for each and every forfeited.

such Offence Treble the Value of such Goods, including the Duty or Duties paid or payable thereon, or the Entering such Sum of One hundred Pounds for each and every such Package, at the Election of the Commissioners of Good* for Ex-Excise, to be signified in and by the Information to be filed or exhibited for the Recovery thereof. yortauon.

XXVII. And Whereas Doubts may arise whether any Person or Persons who bath or have been, or who uia ry'

hereafter shall or may be arrested and detained under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of 45 3*

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, or of another*Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more 47 g. 3. Sess.z.

effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling; and who, under or by virtue of the said Acts or either c. 66.

4 of them, is, are or would be liable to be impressed into His M^efty* Naval Service, now ip, are qr may be liable to be kept and detained in the said Service, by reason that there may not be any Person or Officer*employed in His Majesty's Impress Service, or authorized or empowered by Warrant to impress Seamen into the said Service / Be it therefore enacted and declared, That all and every Person and Persons whp now is or are or hereafter shall or may be arrested or detained under or by virtue of the said Ipft mentioned Acts, qr^j either of them, and who, under or by virtue of the said Acts or either of them, is, are or would have been liable to be impressed into His Majesty's Naval Service, is, are and shall be liable to serve His Majesty in the said

Persons detained under recited A Oh liable to serve in the

992 C. 104, 105. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

said Service, and to be kept and detained in the said Service, in such and the same manner, and for such and the same Period of time a9 in the said Acts, or either of them, is mentioned; and that all and every Persons and Person, Officers and Officer, who by the said Acts or either of them might or would have been authorized or empowered to receive, keep and detain any such Person or Persons as in the said Acts or either of them i9 or arc mentioned, are, is and shall be, and are and is hereby declared to be authorized and empowered so to do, in such and the same manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every such Persons or Person, Officers or Officer, had been authorized and empowered lo to do by any impress Warrant issued for that Purpose.

(except as herein excepted) further coutinued.

Drawbacks for Spirits distilled in England or Scotland and exported to Ireland.

CAP. CV.

An Act to amend and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and to grant and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled continued by c An Act to regulate, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and which said Act was and is continued by another Act made in the 55 G. 3. c. 13a.*Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the End of the present Session of Parliament; and

it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued, except so far as the fame may be altered by*this present Act, and except so far as relates to the Drawbacks made payable under the said Act on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and exported from thence to any other Place than Great Britain* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, except as aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, and shall remain and continue in force from thence until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the following Drawbacks in respedi of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of Spirits made or distilled in England or Scotland respectively from Corn or Grain, and which shall after that time be exported to Ireland, shall be allowed and paid in lieu of the Drawback granted in the said Act hereby continued; that is to say,

Upon every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled in that Part of Great Britain called England, and so exported after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, a Drawback of Four pence Farthing at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that of One to Four, or Twenty five per Centum over Hydrometer Proof: And upon every Gallon of fudi Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, and so exported after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, a Drawback of Three pence Farthing at the Strengths respectively as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, upon the Exportation of any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall have been or shall be warehoused in Ireland, in manner required by Law, and which shall be exported from thence to any Part of Great Britain after the said Fifth Day of July, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Four pence Farthing, and no more, upon every Gallon of such Spirits, for and in respedi of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of such Spirits, in lieu and instead of all Drawbacks allowed or made payable on such Spirits by the said Act hereby continued, and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise in Ireland upon Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the several countervailing Duties on British or Irish Spirits mentioned in the said Act hereby continued, or in any other Act or Acts, there shall be raised, levied, col-ledted and paid to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Continuance of this Act, the several countervailing Duties following; that is to say,

For every Gallon Irish Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Great Britain, and which at any time after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be imported, or brought from thence under or by virtue of this Act or the said Act hereby continued, into Ireland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Four, or Twenty five per Centum over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Ten pence Farthing British Currency 5 and so in proportion for any left Degree of Strength, not being left than that of One to Ten or Ten per Centum over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, and which at any time after the Tenth JDay of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be imported or brought from thence under or by virtue of this Act or the said Act hereby continued, into that Part of Great Britain called England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Nine Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthings; and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof;

Toy

Drawback for Spirits distilled in Ireland and exported to G. B. instead of Drawbacks by

54 G. 3. c. 149* $8.

55 G. 3. C. 139. §5-

Instead of Countervailing Duties on British or lri(h Spirits now payable, the following to be paid.

Countervailing

Duties.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 105. 993

For every Gallon EngVtfb Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence under or by virtue of this Act or the said Act hereby continued, into Scotland between the Tenth Day of October and the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Eight Shillings and Four pence Farthing 5 and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof:

And that from the time of passing this Act, for every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence under or by virtue of this Act, or the said Act hereby continued, into Scotland, and which mail, before or upon the Tenth Day of No* vember One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, be imported and brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England\ at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of One Shilling and Two pence Halfpenny:

And for every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland\ and imported or brought from thence after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, under and by virtue of this Act or the said Act hereby continued, into Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Nine pence Farthing, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof:

And for every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, under or by virtue of this Act, or the said Act hereby continued, into Scotland, and from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Three Shillings and Nine pence Halfpenny.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several countervailing Duties iffiposed by the Countervailing

said Act hereby continued on Spirits made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported from thence under the ^UqCS u"dexr g said Act into England or Scotland, shall respectively remain and continue payable for and in respect of all § on Spirits* such Spirits so imported before or upon the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and made in Ireland sixteen. to continue on

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of the Strength of any such Spirits by any Officer or Spirit* 'mjjorted Officers of Excise in any Part of the United Kingdom by the Hydrometer called Sikes's (a) Hydrometer, when, trials of*and so soon as the same shall be by Law established and brought into use, the Strength of 'Eight her Centum Strength of above Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten, Spirits by Sikes's over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this and the said Act first: hereinbefore recited 5 and that in all such Hydrometer. Trials as aforesaid Twenty two per Centum above Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes's (a).

Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof mentioned

in this and the said Act first hereinbefore recited 5 and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by In what case virtue of the said last mentioned Acts, or either of them, for or by reason of their being respectively of a higher Spirits, Sec, sub-Degree of Strength than One to Ten or One to Four over Hydrometer Proof respectively as aforesaid, shall, together with the Cades and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited for and by reason of the aMdj4 0.3.*said Spirits being respectively of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Strength of Eight per Centum or c. 149. §7. to Twenty two per Centum above Proof respectively as aforesaid. [a) [Spelt Sykes, cap. 106. pqft. £ 29.] remain so.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers of Spirits in Scotland for Exportation to No Wort or England, nor any Distiller or Distillers in England for Exportation to Scotland, or for Home Trade or Con- Wash from fumption, shall make or brew any Wort or Wash for Distillation from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mix- J*?/* ture with the fame, between the Fifth Day of July and the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred Sution bLweea and sixteen, and if any such Distiller or Distillers shall between the Fifth Day of July and the First Pay of jujy s ZQ& October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, make or brew any Worts or Wash from Malt, Corn, Grain or Oct. 1, 18id. Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Duties to be Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for U- the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the JJJfffioners of* Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland or the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Excise.

that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Cuf^ toms and Port Duties in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and Drawbacks by this Act imposed and granted shall Duties and respectively be raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid, in such and the like manner and in or by any or Drawbacks how either of the General or Special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Ex- 10.^e levied and cife respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid, and the said Persons, Goods, pa'

Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable

with the said Duties imposed or entitled to the said Drawbacks respectively granted by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions

and Forfeitures, to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially

subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act Former Acts i*

respecting the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise in force*

England and Scotland, and of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, respectively, were or might be subject or 56 Geo. III. 6 L liable;

994

Duties carried to Consolidated Fund.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

Act may be altered, &c.

S5 G.j. c. 22.

330.3.C. 61.

37 G. 3. c. ioi.

39 & 40G.3.

c. 73.

J4 G. 3.

35 G. 3.

Expedient to repeal Duties of 54 vi. 3. c. 171.

I*.

C. 105, 106. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

liable 5 and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, for securing the Revenue of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauset, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the said several Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively hereby charged and imposed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated andreenacted in the* Body of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CVI.

An Act: to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Walh and Spirits and Distillers* Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof 5 and to establish further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn for Home Consumption in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. fill July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distil- lation of Corn Spirits in small Stills, in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences to Persons living in the said Counties or Districts to dislil Spirits from Barley, Bear or Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences: And Whereas another Act was passed in the*Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the fe ^eral Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, herein particularly described, for a limited time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland: And Wherea3 another Act was passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for grant* ing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending and continuing certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland; by which several Acts Regulations were made relative to Stills and Distilleries in certain Districts of Scotland, distinguished from each other by Boundaries, in the said Aftsrespectively particularly described and set forth: And Whereas another Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Dif fillers' Wash, Spirits and Licences, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas another Act was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the temporary Fourth Part of the Duties payable in Scotland upon Dislillers' Wash, Spirits and Licences, imposed by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty; and for enabling His Majesty, by Order in Council, to modify the Operations of the said Act, or reduce the Duties thereby imposed: And Whereas Doubts have been entertained, whether the Diitinftion of Lowland, Highland and intermediate Districts, as described by the Boundary Lines in any of the said Acts made in the Twenty fifth, Thirty third, Thirty seventh and Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years respectively, of His Majesty's Reign, were abolished by the said Two last mentioned Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign respectively, or were still to be continued and observed 5 and by reason thereof Questions have arisen, whether Spirits could pass from any one Part to any other Part of Scotland; and it is necessary that Spirits should be allowed to be carried by Permit from any one Part to any other Part of Scotland: And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties imposed by the said recited Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixtures therewith, and upon Spirits extracted therefrom, and upon Licences to be taken out by Diilillers and Reftifiers in Scotland, Should be repealed, and that other Duties Should be substituted in lieu thereof; and that further Regulations should be made with respect to the Distillation and Manufacture of Spirits from Corn for Home Consumption in Scotland : ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

H rity

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 106.

rity of The fame, That from and after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all and singular the Duties of Excise on Worts or Wafti brewed or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part of Scotland, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland; and all and singular the Duties on Spirits made or distilled in Scotland from Malt, Corn, Grain, Tilts or any Mixture therewith, for Consumption in Scotland, and upon Licences to be taken out by Distillers and Redifiers in Scotland (a), shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which shall at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at anytime before or on that Day. (j) [See the Termi on which former Duties repealed, 54 G. 3. c. 172. §1.]

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in lieu and place of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the levenal Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say, For every Gallon of Wort or Wash, brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, from any Malt, Com, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, for extradingSpirits for Consumption in Scotland, Eight pence; For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or distilled from any Malt, Cora, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, Nine pence 5 The said Duties to be paid by the respective Makers or Distillers of such Wort, Wash or Spirits respectively: For every Licence to be taken out by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Sale therein or for Exportation therefrom, the Sum of Ten Pounds 5 For every Licence to be taken out by any Redifier of Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of Five Pounds; The said Duties for Licences to be paid by the respective Distillers and Redifiers taking out such Licences respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Duties granted by this Act shall be under the fame Management, and shall be raised, levied, collected, secured and paid, in the same manner, and by the fame ways and means, and under and subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Authorities and Declarations, as are provided by the said recited Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year1>f the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Management, Collection and Recovery of the Duties thereby granted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Fourth Part of the several Duties granted by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which were continued by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be, and the fame Fourth Part of the said several Duties is hereby further continued from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall remain and continue in force until the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and the fame, with the other Duties granted by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be raised, levied, collected, secured and paid, and be appropriated and applied in the manner directed by the said last recited Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all Distinctions between the High and Lowland and intermediate Districts in Scotland, as described in the said hereinbefore recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts relating to the Distilleries in Scotland, and all such Boundaries and Distinctions between any such different Parts or Districts of Scotland, and all Limitations and Restrictions relative thereto, shall be and the same are hereby repealed and abolished; save and except as in the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid is provided in relation to the Size and Capacity of the Stills, and subject to the Provisions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the rime being, by any Warrant, Order or Instruction, signed by any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, by any Licence or Authority in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to permit any Distiller or Distillers in Scotland to make use of Stills of inferior Size and Capacity to those respectively prescribed by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, hot being less than Forty Gallons, under such Conditions, Limitation, Regulations and Restrictions, as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit; any thing -contained in the said recited Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or Instruction, signed by any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, by any Licence or Authority in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to permit and suffer any fixed Vessel or Utensil of any Distiller, which has been fixed or placed before the First Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, contrary to the Regulations now in force, in relation to the fixing and placing of Vessels or Utensils in the Distilleries for Home Consumption in Scotland, to continue or direct the whole or such Part or Parts of such Vessels or Utensils as are now fixed or placed, to be altered to such Extent and in such manner as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think proper, under such Limitations, Regulation*, Conditions, Modifications and Restrictions, as the said Lords Commissioners of

6 L 2 His

995

Duties repealed.

Exception.

Indeed of Duties repealed, the Duties herein mentioned to be paid.

Management and Collection of Duties.

Appropriation of Duties.

The temporary Fourth Part of the Duties granted by 54G. 3. c. 17a. and continued by 55 G. 3. c. 155. §1. further continued till Nov. 9, 1816.

Distinction of Districts in Scotland relative to Stills and Distillers, and Boundary Lines, abolished.

54 G. 3. c. 172.

66, 7.

Treasury empowered to allow Use of Stills of inferior Size.

54 G- 3- c. x 7a.

§6, 7.

Treasury olfa empowered to permit Postion rf Vessels or Utensils now existing 10 remain.

Treasury empowered to give an Extension of Credir.

Treasury empowered to reward Officers,

Of Matt Spirit* 14 Gallons to be produced for every 100 Gallons of Walh:

Excels to pay the Duty herein mentioned.

Gravity of Worts after being drawn from the Mefh Tun, not to be increased. Penalty.

Gravity of Wash by the Saccharometer.

Distiller offending.

[Penalty.]

Ho fixed Means of Communication from one Vessel to another to be used.

[Penalty.]

Wash necessary to charge Still to

C. 106. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit 5 any thing contained in the said recited Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty filth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, or of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or Instruction, signed by any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, by any Licence or Authority in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to allow such time as they shall think fit for the Payment of the Duties by this Act imposed, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the time the same shall respectively become due and payable, and to take such Security or Securities for the Payment thereof as the said Commissioners of Excise shall think proper; subject to such Limitations, Conditions and Restrictions as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit$ any thing in the said recited Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years aforesaid, or in any Act or Acts relating to the Distillery, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or Instruction, signed by any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, by any Order or Warrant, signed by any Three or more of them, to grant such Rewards to Officers, to be paid out of any Duties of Excite in Scotland, for Services performed by them in preventing illicit or fraudulent Distillation, as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think proper; subject to such Rules, Directions, Conditions and Modifications, as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall prescribe; in order to make it the Interest of such Excise Officers that no illicit or fraudulent Distillation whatever shall take place withi? their respective Districts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, every Distiller for Home Consumption in Scotland shall be charged with and pay the Duties imposed by this Act, at and after the Rate of Fourteen Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, of the Gravity herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall, from the Commencement to the Termination of his, her or their Licence, or when such Distiller shall previously cease working for the Season, extract, make, distil or produce from Wort or Wash prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Fourteen Gallons for every Hundred Gallons of such Worts or Wash so distilledinto Spirits as aforesaid, every Distiller shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid, at and after the Rate of Four Shillings and Ninepence for every Gallon of such Excels, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, over and above all other Duties on Worts, Wash or Spirits whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Worts, liable to the Duties imposed by this Act, shall luure been drawn off from the Mefh Tun, it shall not be lawful for any Distiller or other Person to throw into or mix therewith any Mixture called Lob, or any other Mixture or Substance whatsoever, \^j which the Gravity of such Worts may be increased $ and that if, after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Distiller or other Person shall throw into or mix with any such Wort or Worts, after the same shall have been drawn off from the Mefh Tun, any such Mixture called Lob, or any other Mixture or Substance whatever, by which the Gravity of any such Wort or Worts, or the Wash made therefrom, or any Part thereof, shall be increased; or shall mix all or any Part of such Wort with any other Wort, after the Gravity thereof has been ascertained and taken account ot as herein after mentioned, or all or any Part of such Wa/h with any other Wa/h, except in the Jack or Under Back herein after mentioned; or convey away or conceal any Part of such Wort or Wa/h 5 every such Distiller or Person guilty of such Offence, or on whose Premises any such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the whole Quantity of such Worts that are to be placed in any Wa/h Batch, Tun or Vessel, for Fermentation, shall be collected therein within the Space of Twelve Hours from and after the Commencement of running or conveying any Part of the said Worts from the Coolers or other Vessels; and all and every Distiller or Distillers shall, within such Twelve Hours, make and deliver to the proper Officer a Declaration in Writing, that such Worts so collected as aforesaid are of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy five, as indicated by the Instrument herein after mentioned, called a Saccharometer, directed by this Act to be provided and used for this Purpose 5 and if any Distiller or Distillers shall refuse or neglect so t<* collect all such Worts within the time aforesaid, or shall ferment or mix such Worts with any Yeast, or any matter or thing for or occasioning Fermentation, without making and delivering such Declaration as aforesaid, or which after being so collected as aforesaid, shall exceed the Gravity aforesaid, every such Distiller or Distillers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall not be lawful for any Distiller for Home Consumption in Scotland, to have or use any fermenting Tun or Vessel in which the Worts or Wafti are set to ferment, which has a Communication, by Means of a Tube or Pipe or by any other fixed Means of Communication, with any other fermenting Tun, or any Vessel whatsoever; and if any such Distiller shall, after such Period, have or use any such fermenting Tun or Vessel, which has such Communication with any other fermenting Tun or Vessel, every such Distiller shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Wafti used or made by any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall, before it is put into the Still for Distillation into Low Wines, be conveyed in an

15 open

"AJX 1816. 56° GEORGII m. C. 106.

open Trough or Trunk from each fermenting Tun or Vessel in which it shall have been fermented, into a circular or oval Vessel called a Jack Back or Under Back, which shall be placed in the Still House as near as conveniently may be to the Wash Still, and shall be of a Size sufficient to contain all the Wash necessary to charge the Still; and no more Wash shall be conveyed into such Jack Back at One time than is sufficient to charge the Still 5 and such Charge of Wash shall be so conveyed into such Jack Back before the Still shall be unlocked for the Purpose of being charged; and the whole Quantity of Wash conveyed into such Jack Back, after being gauged by the Officer, shall be pumped up into an open Shute or Trunk, from whence it shall be conveyed into the Still 5 and if any Wash used or made by any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall not, before it is put into the Still for Distillation into Low Wines, be conveyed into an open Trough or Trunk from each fermenting Tun or Vessel into which it shall have been fermented, into such Jack Back so placed in the Still House or as near as conveniently may be to the Wash Still; or if more Wash be conveyed therein at one time than is necessary to charge such Wash Still, every Distiller so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds 5 and if the Wash, or any Part thereof, shall be removed or conveyed from such Jack Back, before the proper Officer shall have taken an Account thereof in such Jack Back, or shall be kept or concealed from such Officer in any manner whatsoever 5 or if the whole Quantity so conveyed shall not, after such Account thereof has been taken, be pumped into the Still in the manner herein directed, every such Distiller shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Distiller, whose Works are already constructed, wherein the Wash has been conveyed by fixed or close Tubes from the fermenting Tuns into the Jack Back, shall be desirous of continuing the Use of such fixed or close Tubes; it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller to continue the Use thereof; provided that every such fixed or close Tube shall be placed higher than the Top of the Jack Back, and that upon such fixed or close Tube there shall be no Stop Cock or Interruption whatever, which may prevent the whole Wash therein from running into the Jack Back; and provided further, that upon every Discharge Cock communicating from any Wash Tun with such fixed or close Tube, there shall be a sufficient Lock and Fastening, to be provided by the proper Supervisor, at the Expence of such Distiller; and that the same shall be and remain always locked and sealed, excepting when the same shall be opened at the Sight of the proper Officer, who shall attend when thereunto required by such Distiller, for the Purpose of allowing the Wash in any such Wash Tun to run into such fixed or close Tube, to be thereby conveyed into the Jack Back; and if any such Distiller shall use any fixed or close Tube, or Discharge Cock, which shall not be of the Description aforesaid, or shall open, break or injure any Lock or Fastening to be provided for any such Discharge Cock, every such Distiller shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That before the Warn so conveyed into the Jack Back as a Charge for the Still, shall be pumped into the fame, if the Officer shall, upon gauging and taking account thereof in such Jack Back, find that the Quantity of Wash so conveyed into such Jack Back or Vessel is greater than the Quantity of Wash which was previously ascertained to nave been in the fermenting Vessel or Vessels from whence the same shall have been so conveyed 5 then the Duty imposed by this Act shall be paid for any Excess of Wash so found in such Jack Back, in addition to the Duty charged upon such Quantity in such fermenting Vessel or Vessels.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful f<or any Officer of Excise to take a Sample or Samples of any Wort at any time or times after the same shall have been drawn from off the Mefh Tun, as often as may be necessary, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Gravity thereof; and in like manner it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to take a Sample or Samples of any Wash at any time or times after the same shall have been put in any Tun or Vessel, Tuns 6r Vessels for the Purposes of Fermentation, or in the Jack Back for pumping the fame into the Still; and every Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall fix or cause to be fixed in every fermenting Tun or Vessel, within Thirty Inches from the Bottom thereof, a Bract Cock of sufficient Size, to enable any Officer of Excise to draw off, without Inconvenience or Delay, a Sample or Samples of the Wash contained therein; and any such Distiller who shall neglect or delay so to do, after being thereunto required by any Excise Officer, or shall hinder or prevent such Officer from taking any such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Instruments to be used in order to ascertain the Gravity of Worts or Wash, as directed by this Act, shall be those made in the manner of a certain Instrument called a Saccharometer, invented by Doctor Thomson, but described, from the Maker's Name, Allen's Saccharometer 5 and it shall and may be lawful for the (Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, by and with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioner3 of His Majesty's Treafunr, and they are hereby required to provide a sufficient Number of such Saccharometers to be used by the Officers of Excise acting in the Execution of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That one of the Instruments known by the Name of Allen* Saccharometer, to be provided by the Commissioners of Excise as aforesaid, shall be and remain at their Office in the City of Edinburgh, and shall be shewn to any Distiller who shall desire to see the fame, during the Hours of Eleven in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if, upon making trial of or taking an Account for ascertaining the Gravity of the Wort or Wash in any Vessel by the said Instrument called a Saccharometer, it shall appear that the Wort or the Wash made therefrom shall have increased in Gravity since the last preceding Trial of the fame with the fame Instrument, to the Extent of Five Degrees, as indicated on that Instrument, the Wort or Wash in any and every such Vessel shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently altered or charged, and the whole Quantity of Wort or Wash therein shall be charged with Double the Duty imposed by this Act upon Wort or Wash*

997

be conveyed to a Jack Back.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Works already cooftru&ed for conveying the Waih to be continued on certain*Condition*.

[Penalty.]

Jack Back to hi gauged.

Samples of Wort, See. may be taken.

[Penalty.]

Saccharometer to be provided to ascertain the Gravity of Worts.

One Saccharometer to remain at Excise Office and shewn.

On Increase of Gravity.

Double Duty.

998 C. 106. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Petition of Tutu, See. not to be altered.

Penilty.

Low Wine Pump and Charging Cock of Low Wine Still to be locked.

Opening Lock, See.

[Penalty.]

Spirit Cask or Receiver to be placed near to the Worm, and to be of sufficient Capacity to hold the Charge.

[Penalty.]

Feint CaAc to be provided to contain Feiou ne-ceffiry for one Charge, See.

Officer may gauge Feint*.

Notice to Officer of Feints col-letted.

[Penalty.]

Entry of Vessels for Bub or other Mixtures.

Notice before making Mixture.

Gravity to be ascertained.

Seizure.

Distiller not making Entry or not eiving Notice, or obstruct* ing Officer.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland to alter in any respect the Size, Situation or Postion of any Tun, Vessel, Jack Back, Still or other fixed Utensil whatsoever, used by him for the Purposes of Distillation, or in the Preparation of any Material for Distillation, without jiving Notice in Writing to th*e Officer of Excise of his Division; and if any Distiller or other Person shall m any respect alter the Size, Situation or Postion of any such Tun, Vessel, Jack Back or fixed Utensil, without such Notice, or shall place any Substance, matter or thing at, in or upon the Dipping Place or Places of any Tun or other Vessel used by him; or shall make any Alteration in such Dipping Place or Places; or shall do any Act, matter or thing by which the Officer may be prevented or hindered from taking true Dips and Gauges of any Wort or Wash therein; every such Distiller so offending, or in whose Premises any such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Low Wine Pump, and also the Charging Cock of the Low Wine Still, used by any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland, shall be locked and sealed, and opened by the Excite Officer in the same manner that the Wash-Pump and Charging Cock of the Wash Still used by such Distiller are locked and sealed and opened by the Excise Officer; and proper Locks and Keys shall be provided by every such Distiller for this Purpose; and if any Person shall by any Means open any such Low Wine Pump or Charge Cock, after the same shall have been so locked or ftcured by the Excise Officer, or shall wilfully damage the fame, or the Lock or Falleuings thereof, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Spirit Cask or Receiver, into which the Spirits are required to be run or conveyed from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of the Wash Still or Stills used by any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland\ shall be placed by every such Distiller as near to the Discharge of the Worm of the Low Wine Still as conveniently may be, and not hid or concealed from open View; which Spirit Cask or Receiver shall be sufficient to contain the whole Produce of Spirits to be run from each Charge of such Still; and if every such Spirit Cask or Receiver shall not be placed in the manner, and be of the.Size herein directed, every Distiller or Person offending in this respect shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And Whereas the distilling Feints with Wash is injurious to the Quality of the Spirits; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, no Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall mix any Feints with any Wash or Low Wines, or put any Feints into any Back or other Vessel, or into any Still in which any Wash or Low Wines shall then be, or any Wash into any Back or other Vessel, or into any Still where any Feints shall be, but shall, and every such Distiller iB hereby required to provide a proper Feint Cask sufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Feints necessary for One Charge of the Low Wine Still used by any such Distiller or Distillers; and every such Distiller shall, immediately on the extracting thereof, run and convey all the Feints which shall be produced from each Charge of his or her Still or Stills directly from such Still or Stills into such Feint Caffe, to be kept therein under the Lock of the Officer; and all Feints to be produced by any such Distiller shall be kept and continued in such Feint Calk, under such Lock as aforesaid, until the lame amount in Quantity to such Charge as aforesaid, and shall be pumped into the Low Wine Still as herein after mentioned; and the proper Officer of Excise shall and may, from time to time during such time as aforesaid, take a true Guage and try the Strength of all Feints in such Feint Cask, and call and compute the fame at the Rate of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and keep an exact Account thereof: Provided always, that no such Distiller shall collect or keep at any one time a greater Quantity of Feints than is sufficient for One Charge of the Low Wine Still used by nim or her; and that so soon as such Quantity of Feints shall be so collected as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall and he and (he is hereby required to give Notice to the proper Officer that such Feints are so collected, and of his or her Intention to charge his or her Low Wine Still therewith, and upon the Officer's attending pursuant to such Notice, to pump all such Feints, in the Presence of such Officer, from and out of such Feint Cask into the Low Wine Still used by such Distiller, and ter run the Produce thereof from such Low Wine Still into the Spirit Receiver; and any Distiller offending in any of the above Particulars shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That before making or using a Composition or Mixture called Bub, or any other Composition or Mixture for inducing or increasing the Fermentation of Wort or Wash, any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall make entry of every Vessel used by him for the Purpose of making or keeping any such Composition or Mixture, describing the fame, and specifying the Use to which each such Vessel is to be applied; and every such Distiller shall also give Notice to the Officer of Excise, at lead Six Hours before beginning to make any such Composition or Mixture, and the Officer of Excise shall take an Account thereof in such Vessels respectively, and shall and may at all tithes be at Liberty to take a Sample or Samples thereof, and to ascertain the Gravity thereof by the said Instrument called the Saccharometer; and if the Gravity thereof, or any Part thereof so ascertained, shall not any time be greater than the Gravity of the Worts made by such Distiller, so limited and so taken account of as aforesaid, such Composition or Mixture shall be deemed and taken to be Waffi, and the Duty hereby imposed on Wort or Wash shall be charged thereon; and if the fame, or any Part of such Mixture or Composition, shall at any time be found of any greater Gravity than aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, together with every Calk or Vessel containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if any such Distiller shall not make entry, or shall not give Notice in the manner herein directed, or if the Officer shall be prevented or obstructed in taking an Account thereof, or Samples as above prescribed, as often and at such times as he may think ne-

ceflary,

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 106. 999

[Proviso.]

cessary, to ascertain the Gravity thereof, or if such Distiller shall refofe. or neglect to remove and put all such first mentioned Mixture or Composition unto hit or her fermenting Tuna, and mix the fame with the Wort therein as aforesaid, every such Distiller so offending in any of the above Particulars, or in whose Premisea any such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, Penalty, that if any such Distiller shall, within Thirty Hours after such Composition or Mixture shall have been begun

*0 be made, remove and put the whole thereof unto his or her fermenting Tun or Tuns, and mix the fame therein with the Wort or Wash in such Tun or Tuns, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, or if such Officer shall afterwards find any Increase of Walh in the fermenting Tun or Tuns into which such Distiller or Distillers shall declare such Composition or Mixture to have been put within such time as aforesaid, equal to the Amount thereof and arising therefrom, the same shall be charged with Duty therein as Part of the Waih y made in such Tun or Tuns respectively, and not distinctly and separately therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller of Spirits fot* Notless left

Home Consumption in Scotland to fell and send out, accompanied with a true and lawful Permit, to any Nine Gallons dt Person or Persons, not being a Rectifier or Compounder of British Spirits, any Quantity of Spirits in any sPir, t'°* a Cask or Package not containing less than Nine Gallons of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten

over Hydrometer Proof, nor leis than One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, on pain of forfeiting all Spirits wjtjl Pe^t. fold or sent out contrary hereto, with the Casks or other Packages containing the fame, and all Horses,

Cattle, Carriages and Boats made use of in removing such Spirits, which may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or oJF Excise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of Strength of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers Adjusting the of Excise under this Act, by the Hydrometer called Sykes's (a) Hydrometer, when and so loon as the fetne shall Strength*of be by Law established and brought into use, the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, denoted by ty Hy-the said Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten oter Hydrometer dromcters* Proof, mentioned in this Act; and that the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this Act. (a) Spelt Sikes, cap. 105. ante, $6.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Distillers shall work or charge any Still or sails not to Stills on the Lord's Day commonly called Sunday; (that is to say), if any Still or StiHs shall not be to to- be worked oa pletely discharged and worked off at or before Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night, and shall not continue Sundays, uncharged until One of the Clock ©n Monday Morning following; or if any Still or Stills shall be found charged or at work, or filled with any thing other than Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock

on Saturday Night and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, then every such Distiller Or Distillers in whose Prerpifes such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, Penalty, besides being liable in every other Pain or Penalty in Law for breaking the Lord's Day.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall Recovery and be sued for, mitigated, recovered, levied and distributed, ' in the manner in which Fines, Penalties and For- Application of feitures are directed to be sued for, mitigated, recovered, levied and distributed, by the said recited Act Pena!tie* passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller for Home Consumptidn in Licence under Scotland to make entry in the manner directed by Law, and apply for a Licence under the Authority of thl* Act may be this Act, at any time not exceeding Ten Days preceding the said Tenth Day of November One thousand fwatrecwUng eight hundred and sixteen; and upon such Licence being granted to such Distiller, it shall and may be lawful IOth Nov. next, for him or her to prepare Worts and Walh for Distillation in the manner directed by this Act, but not to begin

to distil any P,rt of such Worts or Walh until the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: Provided always, that if such Distiller so applying for such Licence shall have obtained a Licence pursuant to the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it shall be made manifest to the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to grant such Licences, that all the Worts or Walh prepared by any such Distiller under his current Licence, shall have been distilled into Spirits, before any Licence shall be granted to such Distiller under the Authority of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller to apply for a Every Licence Licence under the Authority of this Act at any time of the Year after the said Tenth Day of November to expire on the One thousand eight hundred and sixteen 5 but every Licence granted under the Authority of this Act shall Nov'

expire on the Ninth Day of November immediately subsequent to the Day of the Commencement of such Licence.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His S4 G*3* f* present Majesty shall remain and continue in force, and be in ail respects applicable and applied for raising and paying the Duties hereby imposed, excepting so far as the said Act is hereby altered, as fully and effectually

to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and contained in this present Act.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence upon and from the Tenth Day of November Commencement

One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall continue in force until the Tenth Day of November One a"d Continuance thousand eight hundred and eighteen. of

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be Act may be

passed in this present Session of Parliament. altered, &c.

IOOOO

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

55 G. 3. C. 184. Sch. Part the Third, tit. Inventory.

Certain additional Inventories exhibited in the Commissary Courts in Scotland exempted.

Additional Inventories liable under 48 G. 3. c. 149. to pay a greater Duty, shall he charged with that Duty only.

Duty under Commissioners of Stamps.

Powers of former Acts relating to Sumps to extend to this A a.

Application of Duty.

43 G. 3. c. 81. Sch. (B.)

C. 107, 108.

Cap. cvil.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland.

[1st July i8r<5.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments,

and the Duties on Fire Insurances, and on Legacies and Succejfons to Personal Estate upon Intcjlacies % now payable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof certain ad valorem Duties were im posed upon Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland, of the Estate and 1 Effect8 of Persons who shall have died after the Tenth Day of 08ober One thousand eight hundred and

eight s And Whereas it is expedient to relieve certain additional Inventories from such ad valorem Duties Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, where Inventories of the Personal or Moveable Estate and Effects of Persons deceased shall have been exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland, prior to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, pursuant to the Directions of and duly stamped as required by the Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds9Law Proceedings and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Legacies and Succejftons to Personal Estate upon Jnfc/lacies9 now payable m Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and in consequence of the subsequent Discovery of other Effects belonging to the fame Persons, additional Inventories thereof shall hereafter be exhibited and recorded pursuant to the Directions of the same Act, all such additional Inventories shall be exempted from the said act valorem Duties granted by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and that such of the said additional Inventories as would not have been liable under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in case the fame had been exhibited and recorded prior to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon any former Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Estate and Effects of the fame Persons, shall be wholly exempted from Stamp Duty; and that for and in respect of such of the said additional Inventories as would have been liable under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in case the fame had been exhibited and recorded prior to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon any former Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Estate and Effects of the fame Persons, there shall be raised, levied and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such and the same Duty only as Cuch additional Inventories would have been subject and liable to under the said last mentioned Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties hereby granted shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain, which said Commissioners and the major Part of them are hereby empowered and required to provide proper and sufficient Stamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the said Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof respectively, upon the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter and renew the fame from time to time as Occasion shall require, and also to employ, such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all such other Acts and things as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the said Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or any former Commissioners are or have been authorized to do for the raising and collecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any Stamp Duties, shall be of full force and effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted as far as the same are or shall be applicable, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been herein, repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by this Act shall be paid, applied and disposed of in the same manner as the Duties from which the said Leases and Inventories are hereby exempted would have been payable and applicable in case this Act had not been made.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties of Escife on Beer and Malt \ to alter

the Drawbacks on Plate Glass, and to prevent Frauds therein.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive

Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, a Drawback is granted and allowed of Four Shillings and Eleven pence for every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale brewed or made in Great Britain

above Eighteen Shillings the Barrel exclusive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale, mentioned and

described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, which shall be duly exported to

Foreign.

IOOl

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 108.

Foreign Parts as Merchandize, and which shall be proved to have been brewed after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three: And Whereas several of the Duties imposed by the said Act were*by subsequent Acts continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen (a), and several of such Duties have been and are further continued, but the Duty on Malt thereby imposed will cease and expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and Doubts may arise whether by the Continuance of such Duties as aforesaid, the said Drawback in respect of the Exportation of Beer is also continued For the Prevention and Removal of such Doubts, be it declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Drawback in respect of the Exportation of Beer does and shall wholly cease and expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in any other Act or Acts of parliament in the present or any other Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

(<*) [55 G. 3. c. 27.

II. And Whereas by the said recited Act a 'Countervailing Duty of Excise of Four Shillings and Eleven pence is imposed for every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons English Beer Measure, of Irish Beer, Ale or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain, directly from Ireland, and the said Duty has been since continued and is now in force: And Whereas by a certain other Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled An Act for allowing the Exportation of British and Irish made Malt from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, a Countervailing Duty of Excise of Four Shillings and Four pence is imposed for every Bushel of Malt unground made in Ireland and imported directly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England; and another Countervailing Duty of Excise of Three Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is also by the said last mentioned Act imposed for every Bushel of such Malt made in Ireland and imported directly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by the said last mentioned Act a Drawback of Four Shillings and Four pence is allowed for every Bushel of Malt made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been fully paid and exported from thence to Ireland unground; and another Drawback of Three Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is allowed for every Bushel of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain except Beer or Bigg in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof mall have been paid and exported from thence to Ireland unground: And Whereas in consequence of the Cessation of the Duty of Excise upon Malt made in Great Britain^ imposed by the said Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, it is expedient to repeal the said Countervailing Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, imposed on Irish Beer, Ale or Mum imported into Great Britain, and also Two Shillings per Bushel of the said several Countervailing Duties respectively imposed by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, on Malt imported into England or Scotland respectively from Ireland and Two Shillings per Bushel of the Drawbacks respectively granted and allowed by the last mentioned Act, in respect of Malt exported from England or Scotland respectively to Ireland f Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the said Countervailing Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, imposed on Irish Beer, Ale or Mum imported into Great Britain, and also Two Shillings per Bushel of the said Countervailing Duties respectively imposed by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, on Malt imported into England or Scotland respectively from Ireland, and Two Shillings per Bushel of the said Drawbacks respectively granted and allowed by the lan mentioned Act in respect of Malt exported from England or Scotland respectively to Ireland, shall be and the fame is and are hereby respectively repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight- hundred and sixteen.

III. And Whereas Drawbacks of Excise are payable by Law amounting to Six Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny for every Square Foot superficial Measure of Plate Glass made in Great Britain, from Materials + or Metal or other Preparations for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity: And Whereas it is expedient to limit the Payment of such Drawbacks on Plate Glass, to such Plate Glass only as shall be ground and polished and of a certain Size and Thickness Be it therefore enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed or paid for or in respect of the Exportation of any Ground or Polished Plate Glass made in Great Britain, unless such Ground and Polished Plate Glass be exported in redangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and of the Thickness throughout of One Eighth of an Inch at the least, and unless each and every Plate of such Ground and Polished Plate Glass be free from Stains and Blisters, and be perfect and fit for immediate Use, as and for Ground and Polished Plate Glass; and that if any Person or Persons shall pack or ship for Exportation on Drawback, any Plate or Plates of Plate Glass as and for Ground and Polished Plate Glass made in Great Britain which is not Plate Glass, or has not been ground and polished, or which shall be Foreign Glass, or of less Di-mension or Thickness throughout than aforesaid, or shall be stained, or blistered, or imperfect, or not immediately fit for Use as and for Ground and Polished Plate Glass, or any other Sort of Glass with or amongst any Ground and Polished Piatt Glass, the fame, together with the Package in which such Plate or Plates may be contained, and all the Glass therein shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and lose for each and every such Case or Package the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

56 Geo. III. 6 M IV. And

Drawback under recited Act to cease.

43 G. 3. c. 81. Sch. (A.) tit. IrHh Beer, Ale or Mum.

50 0.3.0.34.

3*

Countervailing Duty on Irish Beer imported into Great Britain imposed by 43 3*

c 81. and the Countervailing Duties imposed by 50 G. 3. c. 34 on Malt, and also the Drawbacks, repealed, except Arrears., #

No Drawbacks to be allowed on Exportation of Ground or Polished Glass, un-lef> exported in rectangular Plates of a certain Size and Thickness, &c. Shipping contrary hereto.

Seizure and Penalty.

1002

In lieu of the Drawbacks now payable, there shall be paid for Unground or Unpolished Plate Glass exported in re&angutar Plates of certain DimenOons, the Drawbacks herein mentioned. Shipping contrary hereto. Seizure.

[Penalty.]

Makers of Plate Glaft may break in Pieces any Number of Plates of Unground and Unpolished Glass in Presence of Su-pervisor, See. of District.

Allowance after the Rate of 4l. 18s. for every Cwt.

Conditions.

Obstruction

Officers.

[Penalty.]

No Crown Glass &c- to be made of greater Thickness than herein mentioned.

Drawbacks on Plate Glass how to be paid.

Penalties for Offences against the Laws of Excise extended to Drawbacks of

C. 108. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Drawbacks aforesaid, and of all other Drawbacks of Excise, there shall be paid and allowed for every Hundred Weight of Unground or Unpolished Plate Glass made in Great Britain, in respect of which the full Duties imposed on Plate Glass shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported in re&angular Plates of perfect merchantable Glass, and of the Dimensions of Six Inches in Length and Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thickness of One Quarter of an Inch and not more than Half an Inch, the Sum of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings only, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and that if any Person or Persons shall pack or ship for Exportation on Drawback any Unground or Unpolished Plate Glass of less or greater Dimensions in Thicknefr, or of less Dimensions in Size than as last aforesaid, or any foul, imperfect or unmerchantable Unground or Un-polished Plate Glass, or shall pack or ship any Unground or Unpolished Plate Glass in any case or other Package with or amongst any other Kind or Sort of Glass, the fame, together with the Package in which any such Glass shall be contained, and all the Glass therein, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise 5 and the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and lose for each and every such Case or Package the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Plate Glass in the Presence of the Supervisor or Surveyor and Surveying Officer of the District in which his, her or their Glass House shall be situated, to break to pieces to the Satisfaction of such Supervisor or Surveyor and other Officer, so that the fame be thereby rendered wholly useless, except for being remelted, any Number of Plates of Unground and Unpolished Plate Glass, provided the same shall be so broken after the same shall have come from the Kiln and been annealed, and before being removed from the Glass House where it shall have been annealed into any Warehouse, and so as each and every of such Plates be respectively good and merchantable Plate Glass, and of the original Size in which the fame were made, and not less than Six Inches in Length and Four Inches in Breadth, and a Quarter of an Inch or more than Half an Inch in Thickness, and shall thereupon be allowed out of the Duties growing and becoming due and payable from such Maker or Makers respectively for Plate Glass, after the Rate of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such Glass so broken in Pieces, and so in proportion for a greater or less Quantity: Provided also, that such Maker or Makers respectively shall give Six Days previous Notice in Writing to such Supervisor, Surveyor or Officer, of his Desire and Intention so to break such Glass, and specify therein the Number of Plates and Weight of such Glass, and the Day and Hour when the same shall be so broken, and shall during such Six Days lay, place and keep the fame, so that the Supervisor, Surveyor or other Officer* shall be able readily and correctly to take an Account thereof, and shall permit such Supervisor, Surveyor or other Officer, to take any One of such Plates before being broken, or any Part of any of such Plates after being broken, by way of Sample, he or they paying for the same at the Rate of Two pence per Pound; and shall keep and use true and correct Scales and Weights for weighing the fame, and aid and assist by his Servant and Workman such Supervisor or Surveyor and other Officer in weighing and taking Account thereof 5 and if any such Maker or Makers shall obstruct such Supervisor, Surveyor or other Officer therein* or produce for being weighed any Plate or Plates of Glass other than as aforesaid, or on the Materials of which the Duty shall not have been charged, or which shall have been made or manufactured from foul, bad or unmerchantable Metal or Glass, or from any Part of the Glass required by Law to be left in the Bottom of any Pot or Pots, or keep, produce or use any false Scales or Weights for the weighing of any such Glass as aforesaid, or use, or cauie or suffer to be used, any Art, Means or Contrivance, to deceive or prevent such Supervisors, Surveyor or other Officer taking an Account of or weighing such Glass, from taking a true Account thereof, or by which His Majesty may be defrauded, such Maker or Makers shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, or Broad or Spread Window Glass, shall be made in the United Kingdom of greater Thickness in the Foot, superficial and exclusive of the Centre or Bullion and Selvage or Rim thereof, than One Ninth Part of an Inch, except the Metal or Glass shall, before the fame or any Part thereof be begun to be manufactured into Wares, be declared by the Maker thereof, by Notice in Writing to be delivered by him, her or them to the proper Officer of Excise, to be made for Plate Glass, and the Duty imposed upon Plate Glass be charged thereon; and that if any such Glass respectively, except as aforesaid, shall be made of any greater Thickness than One Ninth Part of an Inch, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Drawbacks on Plate Glass by this Act allowed and granted shall and may be respectively paid and allowed in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the General or Special Means, Ways or Methods by which the Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the fame Sorts or kinds respectively, are or may be paid or allowed except so far as the same are altered by this Act, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act respectively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also to all and every the Special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively were subject and liable except as aforesaid, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof and the several Clauses,

fii Powers

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 108, 109, no.

Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Drawbacks of Duties of Excise on Plate Glais, hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, except as aforesaid, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, impeded by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, W intituled An Act for granting, during the Continuance of the present War and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Ptacey an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufac- tures of Great Britain, should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. CX.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Curriers.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Drawbacks of Excise payable by Law upon the Ex-< W portation of Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and Leather made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and

to grant and allow other Drawbacks of Excise in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Drawbacks of Excise now payable by Law, upon the Exportation of Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and of Leather made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, shall be and the same are hereby repealed 5 save and except in all cases relating to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Drawbacks of Excise hereby repealed, there shall be allowed and granted the following Drawbacks; (that is to say).

For all Hides and Kips, and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and duly marked; and also for all such Hides and Skins as shall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two pence Halfpenny:

For all Hides and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, Hog and Seal Skins, tanned in Great Britain, and afterwards curried and duly marked, and also for all such Hides and Skins so curried, as shall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Four pence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Goat Skins tanned with Shumach, in Great Britain % and for every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Sheep Skins, tanned in Great Britain, for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Eight pence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Gloves or other Manufactures made in Great Britain of any kind of tanned, tawed or curried Leather, chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Boots or Shoes made in Great Britain, the Upper Leathers, Vamps and Boot Legs oTWhich are made of Morocco Leather, Spanish Leather or Kid Skins, for which the

6M 2 Dutie$

IO°3

Duties 00 Platt Glaft.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

46 G. 3. c. n<x

Recited Act further continues.

Drawbacks now payable on dressed Hides and Leather repealed,

except Arrears.

In lieu therepf the following

Drawbacks to be paid.

Drawbacks subject to Regulations heiein mentioned.

Former Regulations and Penalties in force.

9 Ann. c. n. $11.

Provision in recited Act prohibiting the Shaving of Hides repealed. Tanners mav take f ut of the Wooze and (have lule.*, &c. Notice to he given to the proper Officer. Tanners removing or coiicp. liny Hides from View of Officer.

[Penalty.]

C.no. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Duties in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Eight pence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of-all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight of all Buck, Deer and Elk Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, For which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of all other Skins, except Sheep and Lamb, Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, and of all Hides dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins drefl*ed in Great Britain, and made into Goods and Wares other than Gloves, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize, One Shilling and Three pence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of all Gloves made of Leather dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and made into Goods and Wares (other than Gloves), for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize, Nine pence.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Drawbacks by this Act allowed and granted shall and may be respectively paid and allowed in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Drawbacks hereby repealed, or the Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be paid or allowed, except so far as the same are altered by this Act; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act respectively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, restrictions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively were subject and liable, except as aforesaid, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Drawbacks of Duties of Excise hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, except as aforesaid, as if all and every the said Acts, Claudes, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenadled in the Body of this Act.

IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dressed, and upon Vellum and 1 Parchment, for the Term of Thirty two Years^for prosecuting the War and other Her Majesty's most necessary ' Occasions, and which Act was afterwards made perpetual, it is enacted, that if any Tanner or other Person or Persons shall, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eleven, (have er cause to be (haved any Hide or Calf Skin whatsoever before the fame be thoroughly tanned, whereby such Hide or Skin shall be impaired, and Her Majesty's Duty thereby diminished, every such Hide or Skin,

or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, One Moiety to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them that will inform or sue for the fame: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Provision of the said Adi* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the same shall be and is hereby repealed, save and except as to the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred in any Respect relating thereto before or upon that Day; and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any entered Tanner or Tanners to take out of the Wooze and (have any Hide or Skin, or to cut and separate therefrom the thin Parts thereof: Provided always, that every such Tanner or Tanners shall give Six Days previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, of his Intention or Deflre so to do, specifying in such Notice the Day and Hour when he, she or they will take any such Hides or Skins out of the Wooze, and the Number of fiuch Hidc6 or Skins respectively to be taken out, and whether the same are to be so taken out for the Purpose of being (haved, or for the thin Parts to be cut off and separated as aforesaid; and if any Tanner or Tanners shall take any Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hides or Skins out of the Wooze for either of the Purposes aforesaid respectively, or for any other Purpose, except by (hifting the fame into other Wooze in the fame entered Premises, or shall remove or conceal any Hide or Skin, or any Piece or Part thereof, not being the (having thereof, from the Sight or View of the Officer, so that the Duties payable thereon shall not be duly charged, accounted for and paid, the Tanner or Tanners respectively so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lole the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 110, 111.

V. And be it farther enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Currier or Curriers, or other Person or Persons not being an entered Tanner, to use Sumack in or about the currying of any Hide or Skin, or in the Preparation or Dressing of any Leather, except only for the Purpose of colouring such Leather, upon pain of forfeiting for each and every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tanner, Tawer or Dresser of Hides or Skins, or Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins, shall hang up such Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hides or Skins, which he, she or they shall take out of the Wooze for that Purpose, separate and apart from all Hides or Skins, and Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins, hung up to dry, or taken out of the Wooze for that Purpose, on any former Day, and shall keep and continue the fame, and every of them, so separate and apart, until the Surveying Officer shall have taken an Account thereof; and if auy such Tanner, Tawer or Dresser shall refuse or neglect so to do, he, she or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WestminsUry or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland, to reduce the Drawback on such

Spirits exported to Foreign Parts, and to make further Regulations for the Collection of ths

said Duties, and the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland.

[lit July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Part of the Duty of Excise.on Spirits made from Corn or Grain in

Ireland should be repealed, and that the Drawbacks on such Spirits exported from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain should be reduced Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Excise Duty of Sixpence granted and made payable upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters or Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise in Ireland upon Spirits made or di/HJled from Corn or Grain, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the fame is hereby repealed# for and in respect of all such Spirits which shall be made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, or which having been secured in auy of His Majesty's Warehouses pursuant to Law, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption in Ireland at any time or times from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That on all Spirits distilled from Corn in Ireland, and exported from thence to any Place except Great Britain, after the said Fifth July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there shall be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks following; (that is to say, ) on all such Spirits which shall have been secured in any of His Majesty's Warehouses, and which shall be exported directly from and out of such Warehouse, the Sum of Four pence Farthing British Currency for every Gallon of such Spirits, for and in respect of the Duty on the Malt used in the making and distilling of such Spirits; and on all such Spirits as shall not be exported from such Warehouse, and as shall have paid all Duties imposed by Law thereon; the Sum of Five Sniffings and Ten pence Farthing British Currency for every Gallon of such Spirits of a Strength not less than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and the said Drawbacks shall be in lieu of all former Drawbacks on such Spirits respectively under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks or Allowances by this Act allowed and made payable on the Exportation of Spirits, shall be paid and satisfied under and subject to all such Rules and Regulations as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland respecting Drawbacks; and that every Person claiming such Drawback or Allowance shall perform all such Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Restrictions as are required to be performed and observed by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback is payable for obtaining the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for all Spirits distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, which shall be in the Stock of any Distiller licensed to keep a Still, exceeding One hundred Gallons Content in Ireland, on the Morning of the Monday immediately preceding the said Filth Day of July, there shall be allowed to the Distiller of such Spirits for every Gallon of such Spirits the Sum of Sixpence British Currency; and that upon all Spirits which shall be distilled or chargeable on and after such Monday there shall be charged upon every Gallon of such Spirits the Sum of Five Shillings and Sixpence British Currency, and no more; and the Officer in Charge of such Distillery shall make his Return and Charge of Duty accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Excise in charge of the Distillery of any such Distiller shall, within Fourteen Days after the said Fifth Day of July, make a Return in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Distillery shall be situate, of the just and true Quantity of all Spirits in the Stock of such Distiller upon the Morning of the Monday next immediately preceding the said

110 Fifth

1005

Curriers ufuig Sumack in currying Hides, Sec. except for colouring Leather, Penalty.

Hides taken out of Wooze to be hung up separate from others till Account taken, Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Duty of 6d. perf Gallon on Spirits granted by 55 G. 3. c. 139. §2. repealed.

Drawbacks to he paid on Spirits exported (except to Great Britain) in lieu of former Drawbacks.

Drawbacks

subject to former Regulations.

Allowance for Spirits in Stock of Distiller lice nfed to keep a Still exceeding 100 Gallons. Duty for Spirit* diddled after a certain Day. Officer to make Returns of Stock to ColW&or.

ioo6

Copy to be left with Distiller, and one transmitted to Commissioners. Penalty. Commissioners to order Payment of Allowance.

So much of any Act as regulates the Number of Charges of Low Wines, Sec. repealed.

Dillillers to pay Duties for such Quantities of Spirits as might be produced from Number of Charges of Low Wines specified in Table annexed.

Further Duty in respect of Stills for as much more Spirits as might be produced*

Distiller keeping Still of a certain Content to give Notice when he intends to work with Turf oot .charred only.

Duty in such case how charged.

Notice also to Commissioners.

[Penalty.]

Working with Coal, &c. after such Notice, Still subject to full Number of Charges.

Coals, fcc. found on Premises, after Notice of working with Turf pnty, forfeited.

C. 111. S6° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Fifth Day of July; and also of the Amount of the said Allowance of Sixpence upon every Gallon of such Spirits; and every such Officer shall leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, with every such Distiller, or at the Distillery of such Distiller, and shall transmit a Duplicate of such Return to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\ upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission of so doing; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Application of such Distiller, and the said Commissioners are hereby required to make an Order or Orders for the Payment or Satisfaction to such Distiller of all such Sum or Sums of Money as under the Return of the said Officer shall to the said Commissioners appear to be payable to such Distiller in respect of such Allowance of Sixpence ber Gallon of such Spirits^ either by Payment of the Amount of such Allowance to such Distiller by the Collector of the District, or by any Allowance or Abatement to such Distiller out of or in respect of any Duty of Excise on Spirits which may be or become payable or due from such Distiller, in such manner, and at such times, and under such Orders, Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to make for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this A A, so much of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, at the time of the passing of this Act, as regulates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of any Still or Stills afed by such Distiller, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Commencement of this Act every Distiller in Ireland shall for everr Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working under the Regulations or Provisions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates specified in any Act or Acts in force from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, severally set forth in the Table to this Act annexed, for and in respect of each and every such Still being of the several Contents in the said Table specified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in respect of such Stills, and that the said Table, and all and every the matters therein specified and contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 5 and that every such Distiller shall over and above such several Quantities respectively be charged with and shall pay Duty in respect of each and every such Still or Stills for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates in the said Acts specified, from all Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such several Quantities respectively, and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make a Return of the Quantities of such Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

Vlli Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under One thousand Gallons Content, and exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, shall insert in the Notice which he is bound by Law to give to the Collector, Surveyor and Gauger before he commences or re* commences to work a Still, or shall give Notice in like manner, Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still shall be chargeable as working, that such Distiller purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Possession during the next succeeding Period with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Distiller shall for every such Period, during which any such Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred* be charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforesaid from Five Sevenths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, to which such Still would otherwise be liable, and also with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the said Rates, from all Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines, which such Distiller shall actually distil within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from such reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as aforesaid: Provided always, that every such Distiller shall also, Six Days previous to the Commencement of any Period durum which such Distiller purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Possession with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, give Notice of such his Intention to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and in default of giving every such respective Notice, the Still or Stills of such Distiller so making default shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of such Period.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Still in the Possession of any Distiller shall at any time during any Period in which the Distiller shall have given Notice of workingany such Still or Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, charred Turf, or other Fuel than Turf not charred, every such Still shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of such Period, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller shall have given such Notice that he purposes to work any such Still or Stills in his Possession, during any Period with Turf only as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for such Distiller to have or keep within his Distillery or any Premises connected therewith, at any time during such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not cnarred; and if, during any such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred shall be found within the Distillery of such Distiller, or within any Premises connected therewith, all such Coal or other Fuel shall be forfeited and may be seized,

and

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C.m. 1007

and the Distiller within whose Distillery or other Premises such Coal or other Fuel shall be found, shall forfeit,

the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Distiller shall also be subject and liable to the full Number of Penalty. Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for the said Period, for and in respect of every Still in his Distillery, which shall by Law be considered as working without any Allowance whatever, for or in respect of the Use of Turf therein, and as if every such Still had been worked with Coal during such Period.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise Where an Of-and Taxes in Ireland, from time to time to order and direct that all Spirits distilled in the Distillery of any fice for granting

Distiller in Ireland, in such Cities, Towns or Places, wherein an Office for granting Permits shall not be ^Milled c«n-

established, and as shall be mentioned and specified in any Order to be made by the said Commissioners for missioners shall that Purpose, shall be deposited in His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, and that no Spirits distilled in such order Spirits to Distillery shall be sent out of such Distillery to any Place whatever except to His Majesty's Warehouse or be warehoused. Stores, and that no such Spirits shall be sold, disposed of or delivered by such Distiller to any Person or Persons, until the same shall be warehoused in such Warehouse or Stores, under the Regulations required by Law, or such other Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall from time to time make for that Purpose; and that from and after the time when such Order or Direction of such Commissioners shall be so made, it shall not be lawful for such Distiller to fend any Spirits out of his Distillery or Stores contrary to such Order, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits, and of the Calks or Vessels in which the same shall be

contained, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and it shall not be In whit case

lawful for any Officer to grant any Permit for the Removal of such Spirits from the Distillery or Stores^of such Distiller, except to such Warehouse, anything in any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise Removafof (Ucb not withstanding. Spirits.

XI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the further Encouragement of Distillers licensed to keep Stills of or under One hundred Gallons Content, that Spirits distilled in any such Still should be allowed to remain in Spirits distilled His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores for a longer Period than Four Calendar Months, without Payment of fro"1 St, Us °{or

any Sum of Money after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum, on the Amount of the Duties on such "o" Ao remain f»

Spirits Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Spirits which shall have Warehouse for been or shall be made or distilled in any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, and which shall any Period with-have been or shall be warehoused pursuant to Law in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland, out Payment of shall and may remain in any such Warehouses or Stores for any Period without Payment of any such Sum° P*1* ^cnt* after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum aforesaid, for or in respect of such Spirits upon the taking of uty'

the fame out for Home Consumption; and that it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise In what Quan-and Taxes in Ireland, to order any such Spirits to be sold at the Expiration of such Period of Four Months; twe* Spirit* m«y and that it shall and may be lawful for the Distiller or other Proprietor of any such Spirits to take such Hom/con* 01 Spirits out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, in any Quantity not less than One hundred Gallons, any fumption. thing in any Act or Acts in force to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful Spirits from for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, and they are hereby Stills exceeding respectively authorized, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to allow any Spirits which shall i°o9a^°" have been or shall be made or distilled in any Still exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, and which shall ^nondare- have been or shall be warehoused pursuant to Law, in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland^ the Period of to remain in any such Warehouse or Stores, for any Period of time beyond such Period of Four Calendar Four Months Months, as to the said Commissioners shall seem fitting or expedient, and without Payment of any such Sum without such after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum aforesaid, for or in respect of such Spirits upon the taking of the Payment* fame out for Home Consumption.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatever in Ireland shall have in his or her Custody or Persons hiving Possession at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, any Spirits in PoflcU Spirits in any Quantity whatever, the full Duties chargeable whereon shall not have been paid, or any Spirits in ^ha's not1 any Quantity exceeding One Gallon, which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with a bee/paid, or proper Permit or Permits to him, her or them, every such Person aforesaid shall for each and every such Offence having any forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and upon the Trial of any Information for the Recovery of the said Quantity exceed-Penalty, the Defendant or Defendants in such Information shall be convicted, unless due Proof mail be made iuS a

by such Defendant or Defendants, that the full Duty on such Spirits had been duly paid, or that such Spirits ^"°utaPer-were bought by or for such Defendant or Defendants, and received from a licensed Distiller, or some Person p^ity, licensed to fell Spirits, or that the fame were attended with proper Permit or Permits to such Defendant or Defendants, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller before he shall commence the working of any Still or Distillm before Stills in any Year, and so in like manner before he shall recommence the working of any Still or Stills after commencing the any Discontinuance thereof, shall in addition to the respective Notices which he is by Law required to give of working of any so commencing or recommencing to work, to the Collector of the District, and the Surveyor and Gauger in r, 0 Sivp Six charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, give Six Days' Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of Inland Commissionew° Excise and Taxes in Ireland, setting forth the Day and Hour when such Distiller shall intend to commence or recommence to work any such Still respectively, as the case may be, and any Distiller who shall commence or recommence the working of any Still without having given such Notice to the Commissioners of Inland Excise

and Taxes in Ireland, shall for each such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XV. And Whereas in and by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti- 4$ 0.3. c. 88.

tuled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland,

and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation^ it is amongst other things enacted, that if any Distiller §45.

who

ioo8

Commissioners may permii Distillers to recommence the Working of Stills any Monday provided there are Four Weeks previous to the 2yih September.

Recommencing in less than Four Weeks from Discontinuance without Permission.

Distillers not to work Stills beyond Four Weeks charged.

Officer to fallen Head of Stills.

Stills found at Work after such Period of Four Weeks to be charged with the Duty.

[Penalty.]

Allowances in reiperi of Decrease of Walh and of Low Wines in H.md at Expiration of Four Weeks.

C.m. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

who shall have discontinued the working of any Still in manner mentioned in the said Act, shall intend to set

at work again such Still so discontinued, such Distiller shall give the several and respective Notices directed and appointed by the said Act, specifying the Day and Hour on which he intends so to recommence the working such Still, and that such Day mall be on some Monday not less than Four Weeks distant from the

time of the last Discontinuance of the Working of such Still: And Whereas it may be expedient in certain

cases to allow Distillers to recommence the working of any Still on some other Monday; y Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, to permit or allow any Distiller to recommence the working of any Still upon any Monday, although such Monday may not be Four Weeks distant from the time of the last Discontinuance of the working of such Still, provided that such Monday shall be the Commencement of some whole Period of Four Weeks previous to the Twenty ninth Day of September in any Year, and provided also that special Application shall be for that Purpose made by such Distiller to the said Commissioners Ten Days at least before the Day of such Recommencement, and upon good and sufficient Cause shewn, and that such Distiller shall give Six Days' Notice of his Intention of his being de(irous of so recommencing to work to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Surveyor ana Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Difluler; and it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller after having obtained the Permission or Allowance of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, for that Purpose, and having given such Notice as aforesaid to the Collector, Surveyor and Gauger as aforesaid (but not otherwise), to recommence the working of any Still or Stills accordingly on the Monday mentioned in such his Application and Notice as aforesaid, and no other Day shall be mentioned in any such Application or Notice than some Monday which shall be the Commencement of some whole Period of Four Weeks previous to the Twenty ninth Day of September, and every such Distiller shall in such case be charged and chargeable, and shall pay Duty in all respects as if such Monday of so recommencing to work had been Four Weeks distant from the time of the last Discontinuance to work such Still, any thing in the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall recommence the working of any Still on any Day which shall be less than Four Weeks distant from the time of the last Discontinuance of such Still, unless and until such Distiller shall have first had and obtained such Permission or Allowance aforesaid for that Purpose from the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, every such Distiller who shall so recommence contrary' hereto shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall be chargeable as working under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the regulating the Distillation of Spirits, and securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, for any Period of Four Weeks ending on the First Day of September, or on any Day subsequent to the said Day, and before the Twenty ninth Day of such Month of September in any Year, it shall not be lawful for the Distiller to continue to work such Still at any time beyond the End of such Period of Four Weeks, but the working of such Still shall be discontinued at the End of such Period of Four Weeks, whether any Notice shall have been given for that Purpose or not; and it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise in charge of such Distillery to strap down and fallen the Head of every such Still; and to proceed in all other respects as if Notice of the Discontinuance of the working of such Still had been given by the Distiller in manner required by Law in all cases of discontinuing the working of any Still; and if at any time after the End of the said Period of Four Weeks, and before the said Twenty ninth Day of September, any such Still or Stills shall be found at work in the Distillery of such Distiller, such Distiller shall be charged and chargeable with the Duty payable in respect of the said Still for a full Period of Four Weeks next ensuing the Day upon which the working of such Still ought to have been discontinued as aforesaid, and the Officer in charge of such Distillery shall make such Weekly Return or Returns during such Part of the said Period of Four Weeks as shall elapse at any time previous to the Twenty ninth Day of such Month of September, as is required by Law in cases where any Still shall be chargeable as working; and such Officer shall also, within Ten Days next after the Twenty ninth Day of such Month of September, make a Return to the Collector of the District of a Charge upon such Distiller of all such Quantities of Spirits, and the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprised in any such previous weekly Return or Returns, shall amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall be chargeable with Duty in respect of such Still, for a full Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; and such Distiller shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable within Six Days after such Return and Charge shall have been made, or shall for any Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged, although it may happen that the Licence of such Distiller may have expired on the said Twenty ninth Day of September, and although such Still shall not have been actually at work at any time after such Twenty ninth Day of September.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, from time to time to make such Regulations as they shall think fit, to ascertain and authorize the Amount of the Allowance or Deduction to be made out of any Charge of Duty arising from the Decrease of any Wash or Pot Ale, for or in respect of any Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings which may remain on Hand in the Distillery of any Distiller at the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working in proportion to the Content of any such Still respectively; and that it shall not be lawful for any Officer to make any Allowance or Deduction whatever from any such Charge of Duty on any Distiller for or in respect of any Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings which may remain on Hand at the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which the Still of any Distiller shall be chargeable as working, nor shall any Distiller be entitled at any time to any such Allowance or Deduction from any such Charge of Duty, other than such Allowance

and

A.D. 181.6. 56° GEORGII III. C.in. 1009

and DeduAion as shall be so ascertained and authorized by the said Commissioners, from time to time, in proportion to the Contents of the Still as aforesaid, except as is herein after provided with respect to the weekly

Charges on such Distiller.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall make, distil, extract or produce any Quantity Spirits exceeding of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of Wafti or Tot Ale de- Proportions created, or exceeding the Proportion of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of Low Wines or , rc^|f5ut Singlings decreased, every such Distiller shall be charged with and shall pay the full Excise Duty for all such pay u u Spirits so produced exceeding the respective Proportions aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer of Excise, in How Allowance making up the Charge against any Distiller for any Week of any Period of Four Weeks save and except the ma<*e in respect Charge for the last Week of any such Period) upon the Decrease of Wash or Pot Ale, to make an Allowance Wa^and^ln to such Distiller for or in respect of the Quantity of Singlings remaining on hand at the Expiration of such »*j Week, save such last Week as aforesaid, ) by deducing from the Charge of such Wash or Pot Ale the

Amount of a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of such Singlings so remaining on hand as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer in charge of the Distillery of any Distiller shall be Officer to make removed from the same, or shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer or Officers who shall Charges from succeed the Officer who shall be so removed, or shall die, to make out and return any Charge against such Ent"esof Offi-Distiller, from the Books and Papers kept and Entries made by such Officer who shall be so removed or shall cer e uccec*die, relating to such Distillery, and to the State thereof, and every such Charge so made out and returned from

such Books, Papers or Entries, shall be a Charge on such Distiller, who shall pay the Duties so charged and returned, under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Penalties, as if such Books, Papers and Entries were the Books, Papers and Entries of the Officer who shall make such Charge, and as if such Officer had been placed over such Distillery at the time such Entries had been made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A A, so much and such Part9 of So much of any any Act or Acts in force in Ireland\ at the time of the passing of this A A, as relates to or requires any Distiller A^.1S relates 19 to produce and deliver an Account of the Quantity of Malt maihed or brewed by such Distiller, or to verify of the fame on Oath or Affirmation, or as requires any Distiller to use a Quantity of Malt in proportion to the maffied, or a*s re-Quantity of Spirits with which he shall be chargeable in any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, quiresthe Use of or as imposes any Penalty against such Distiller, for any Deficiency of such Quantity of Malt, or as relates to*Quantity of the Application of any such Penalty, or to the Payment of any Sum or Duty for or in respect of any such Malt io pr°P°r-Deficiency by any Distiller, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, save and except so far as may V0 smi-kT" qoncern the prosecuting, suing for, recovering or levying any Fine or Penalty which shall have been or may be repeaiej.*incurred under the said Acts, or any of them, at any time before the passing of this Act; and save and except such Parts of such Act or Acts as repeals or repeal any Provision or Provisions in any former Act or Acts relating to any such Account, or to the Use ofjmy such Quantity of Malt, or to any Penalty in respect thereof, qr to the Payment of any Sum or Duty for or in respect of any such Deficiency by any Distiller.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight Hotel Keeper* hundred and seventeen, it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall be duly licensed to keep an Hotel "> Dublin may within the City of Dublin, or within One Mile of the said City, to have and obtain at his Desire, a Licence wke outa

to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, within spirits! Wine such Hotel, and to be used and consumed therein only, upon Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds only and Beer, ic. paying no more; subject nevertheless to the several Rules and Regulations with respect to the obtaining such Licence, as 7l. are contained and directed in and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant cer- 55 G. 3. c. 19. tain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon JSich Licences, and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences, and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the amending the said last recited Act, or for regulating the granting of such Licences 2 Provided always, that no Sale of Liquors Keeper of such Hotel, who shall be so licensed on the Payment of Seven Pounds only, shall fell or deliver any such Liquors to any Person for Sale, in any other manner than to be used and consumed within such Hotel by Hotel* °*° the Lodgers or Inmates of such Hotel, and shall not be entitled to vend or sell, nor shall vend, sell or send out any such Spirituous or other Liquors to any Person not being a Lodger or an Inmate of such Hotel, upon Penalty pain that every Person so licensed and so vending, fending out and felling such Spirituous or other Liquors contrary to this Act, shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be liable to all Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Person or Persons are subject under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful Licences may be for every Person to have and obtain at his Desire, a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or taken out for Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, within the Town of Ballinafloe, and within One Mile

ojf the Market House or Market Place therein, on Payment of the Sum of Eleven Pounds only, and no more, payment of 11L any thing in the said last recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or in the Schedule thereunto annexed, "*

or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for amending the said Act, or for regulating the granting of such Licences, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, subject nevertheless to the several Rules and Regulations with respect to the obtaining such Licence, as are contained and directed in and by the said recited Act* pr any of them.

56 Geo. III. 6 N«XXV. And

c.

IOIO

C.iii.

SS O.3. c. 19. i 47*

Mining of th* Word* " Market Town" explained.

Just ice* may summon before them Person* charged with felling Liquor* without Licence.

Conviction.

[Penalty.]

Penalty not paid, Imprisonment.

Former Act* relating to the Collection of Duties on Spirit* extended to ACT

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

14 & 15 Car. a.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Charges on Stills when to commence.

56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

XXV. And Where* by the hid Ad made in the last Session of Parliament* intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise ufon Licences for the Sale of Sffirkuous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exctfeable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences, and to secure the Payment of such Exci/e Duties, and to regulate the iffuinr of such Licences, and to fycourage*tbs immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland; it is among other things enacted, that it shall be bwfal for any Person in any Place in Ireland, where the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous and other Liauors 1* Eleven Pound* only, (such Place not being situate within any Market Town* or within One Mile thereof, ) to obtain such Licence on Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds: And Whereas Doubt* may arise as to the Meaning and Extent of the Words Market Town 5"*Be it declared and enacted, That the said Provision in the said recited Act shall extend to such Towns only in which a Weekly Market is actually hokkn throughout the Year; and that in Places situate within any Town where a Weekly Market is not so actually holden, such Licence may be granted on Payment of the said Sum of Seven Pounds in the said Act mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, within his Jurisdiction, to summon any Person charged with having fold any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead by Retail without Licence, and to require, by the Summons to be issued, the Person summoned to bring with him or her, and to produce a Licence in force to such Person for felling such Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail; and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear, upon Proof on Oath made of the Service of such Summons, or if such Person shall appear and shall not produce a proper Licence authorizing him or her to fell by Retail such Spirituous and other Liquors, then Inch Just ice shall examine on Oath such Witness or Witnesses as shall appear before him, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if Proof shall be made before such Justice, or if it shall appear by the Confession of the Party that such Person did sell Spirituous Liquors, or any of such Liquors aforesaid, at any time within Two Months previous to the issuing of such Summons, then such Justice fl*n convict the Person charged with having fold such Spirituous or other Liquors of such Offence, and such Person shall be liable and schje& to a Fine or Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and not less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice, (exclusive of any other Penalty or Forfeiture to which such Person may by Law be liable to, or subject for such Offence, ) and such Justice shall adjudge such Person so convicted to forfeit such Sum accordingly, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor therein; and in case such Penalty or Sum which such Person shall be so adjudged to have forfeited shall not be paid by the Offender immediately upon such Conviction, such Offender shall be committed to Gaol by such Justice, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and not less than One Calendar Month, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery, prescribed, mentioned and contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or Securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland shall be applied and put in practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intent* and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts, or any of them, had been expressly repeated and reenacted in this Act, and made applicable to the Provisions herein contained, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or any other Act or Acts, and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the Said Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied, except as herein otherwise is provided, in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Exci/e or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successort, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of Hxs present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the letter Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customt and Port Duties, and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Conttructions and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and reenadted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, is provided.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as the fame relates to or concerns the Charges imposed on any Still or Stills by this Act, shall commence and take effect on the Monday Three Weeks next after the passing thereof, with respect to all Stills as to which such Monday shall be the Commencement of some Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any such Stiff or Stills shall be chargeable by Law as working; but where such Monday Three Weeks next after the passing of this Act shall not be the Commencement of such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any Still or Stills shall be chargeable as working, then this Act shall commence and take effect with respect to such Still or Stills on the nrft or next Monday after the Monday Three Weeks next after the passing of this Act, which shall be the

Commence-

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C.m, 112. ion

Commencement of a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, for which any such Still or Still* shall be chargeable by Law as working.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, save and except as herein otherwise provided, com- Commencement

mence and take effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Aft8 maybe

to be made in this present Session of Parliament. altered, fcc.

TABLE referred to by this Act.

Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable with Duty, within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in respect of every Still of such Distiller being of the several Contents following; that is to lay,

Contents of the Still. Number of Charges.

3, 000 Gallons and upwards. IOO

3, 000 not less than 2, 750 103

2, 750 2, 500 105

2, 500 2, 250 IIO

2, 250 2, 000 »i5

2, 000 I>75° 118

1, 750 1, 500 123

1, 500 1, 250 130

1, 250 1, 000 140

1, 000 750 - 156

750 500 172

500 400 198

400 300 222

3°° - 200 248

200 and exceeding 100 27 6

Not exceeding 100 and exceeding 65 - 90

Not exceeding 65 and not less than - 44 - 120

CAP. CXII.

An Act: to make certain Provisions for modifying the several Acts for imposing and levying of Fines, in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make certain Provisions for regulating the imposing Fines in respect of

Vt illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the patting of this Unliceased Pbr« Act it shall not be lawful for any Person in Ireland, other than a Person duly licensed as a DStiller or foIW hiving Brewer, to have or keep in his or ner Custody or Possession any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale (except for the 2

Purpose of being made into Beer for the private Use of such Person, Proof of which shall lie on such owners, &c. of Person), mor for any Person other than a licensed Distiller, to have or keep in his or her Custody or Possef- uaHcensed Sulk, fion any Liow Wines or Singlings whatever; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to be Owner or Proprietor, or Part Owner or Proprietor, of any Still, other than such Person as shall be a licensed Distiller or Partner of such licensed Distiller, or a Brazier duly licensed to make or repair Stills, or Person otherwise duly authorized by Law; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to have, receive or derive any Benefit,

Use, Profit or Advantage, of or from any Still, Still Head or Worm of a Still kept, used and worked in any Place not being the Distillery of a Distiller duly licensed, or of or from any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale,

Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, made, brewed, fermented or distilled in any Place not being the Distillery of a Distiller duly licensed; and if any Person shall at any time after the passing of this Act have or keep in his or her Custody or Possession any Worts, Wash, Low Wines or Singlings, or shall be Owner or Proprietor, or Part Owner or Proprietor of any Still, Still Head or Worm of a Still, or shall have, receive or derive any Benefit, Use, Profit or Advantage of or from any Still, Still Head or Worm of a Still, or of or from any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits contrary to the Provisions of this Act, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and it shall and may be Misdemwnar. lawful for any Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person or Persons, and on Examination into the Complaint, to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person or Persons, he, she or they shall plead thereto without having time to traverse the feme; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be First Offence, tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment on such Person or Persons, for the first Offence, as may by l>unjJlmeSt* Law be infhfted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanor, and for the Second Offence, to sentence such Person Sccoad offence*

6 N*so

Punishment.

Person* convidfc-cd of Offences against AOs for Suppression of illicit Distillation may be confined on board Hulks, and employed in deanfing the Rivers and Harbours. Second Offence.

Where Offenders convicted on Evidence of Inhabitant,

Court to impose One Half only of the Fine.

[Proviso.]

And suspend the levying thereof, which shall be wholly remitted if the Townland, tec. shall not be fined for any future Offence committed within a Year after. Proviso where Townland, &c. fined within Twelve Months.

No Fine shall be imposed on any Townland, where Information of Offence is given by Inhabitant, and Still, &c. seized and Offender convicted thereon.

C. 112. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

so convicted to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or instead thereof it shall be lawful for the said Court to infii& either for the first or further Offence such Punishments as are respectively herein after provided.

II. And Whereas from the great Number of dissolute and disorderly Persons who have been convicted and imprisoned for the Offence of carrying on illicit Distillation, many of the Gaols in Ireland are so crowded as not only very much to endanger the Health of the Prisoners, but also to increase the Depravity of their Morals; and it is therefore expedient under certain Regulations to provide other Places of Confinement for them: And Whereas it will tend to avoid the crowding of Gaols, and also to the Reformation of such Offenders, that they should be employed, under certain Regulations, on Works for the Benefit of the Rivers and Harbours 01 Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Person shall be convicted of a Misdemeanor under this Act, or any other Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland, or shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, or any of the said Acts, for which he shall be liable to be transported, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any such Person shall be so convicted, if such Court shall think fit, in the Place of any other Punishment for such Misdemeanor, or in the Place of such Punishment by Transportation, to order and adjudge that such Offender, appearing to be of competent Age and free from any bodily Infirmity, shall be punished by being kept for such Term, not exceeding Two Years, in cases of any First Offence, and not exceeding Five Years in cases of any Second or further Offence, as such Court shall think fit, to order and adjudge on board any Ship, Hulk or Vessel, properly accommodated for the Security, Employment and Health of the Persons to be confined therein, and by being employed in hard Labour in the raising Sand, Soil and Gravel from, and cleansing any River in Ireland navigable for Ships of Burthen, or any Port, Harbour or Haven in Ireland, such River, Port, Harbour or Haven being previously approved and appointed for that Purpose by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland', and His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, or in any other Service for the Benefit of the Navigation of any such River, Port, Harbour or Haven, or in any other public Works upon the Banks or Shores of any such River, Port, Harbour or Haven, under the Management and Direction of such Superintendant or Super-intendants as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and under such Rules, Regulations and Directions as shall from time to time be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, for the carrying such Punishment into effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall be convicted at any Assizes of any Offence declared by this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland, to be a Misdemeanor, upon the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Customs or Excise) of the Townland, District, Division or Place where such Offence was committed, the said Inhabitant (or any other such Inhabitant) having previously given Information on Oath before a Justice of the Peace of the County where such Offence was committed, at any time before the First Day of such Assizes, the Court before whom such Conviction shall be had shall fine such Townland, District, Division or Place in one Half only of the Sum which by Law such Townland* District, Division or Place would be subject to, provided that such Conviction shall be had at the fame Assizes at which the Fine shall be fought to be imposed on such Townland, District, Division or Place; and such Court shall in such case also suspend the levying of such Half of such Fine for the Term or Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the First Day of such Assizes; and in case no Fine shall be imposed on such Townland, District, Division or Place, for or on account of any Offence committed against any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, within such Twelve Calendar Months next after the First Day of such Assizes, then such Half of such Fine so imposed and suspended as aforesaid shall be altogether remitted, and shall not be levied off such Townland, District, Division or Place 5 any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that if any Fine shall be imposed on such Townland, District, Division or Place, for or on account of any such Offence which shall be committed within such Twelve Calendar Months as aforesaid, then and in such case such Half of the Fine which shall have been so imposed, and the levying of which shall have been suspended as aforesaid, shall and may be forthwith levied in the same manner and with the like Powers in all Respects, as any Fine may be levied under any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illegal Distillation, in cases where no Applotment shall have been made under such Act or Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if on any Trial or Proceedings at any Assizes, for the Purpose of or relative to the imposing of any Fine on any Townland, District, Division or Place, for or on account of any unlicensed Still, or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used respectively in any Place within such Townland, District, Division or Place, in case it shall be satisfactorily made to appear to such Court by due Proof, that Information in Writing on Oath was given to the Justice of the Peace, or Officer of Excise or Customs respectively, residing nearest the Place where the Offence shall have been committed, by an Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Customs or Excise) of such Townland, District, Division or Place, which Information the said Justice and Officer are hereby authorized to take, of such unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or Worm, or Utensil for distilling Spirits, or Waft, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used respectively in such Place within such Townland, District, Division or Place, in consequence of which Information such Still or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall have been seized, and such Trial or Proceedings shall have been instituted; or if it shall also in like manner be made to appear to such Court, that the Offender was tried and convicted

14 of

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 112. <013

of such Offence on the Information and Evidence of such Inhabitant, or of some other such Inhabitant of such Townland, District, Division or Place, thenk and in such case it shall not be lawful for such Court at the said Ailizes to impose any Fine whatever on such Townland, District, Division or Place, for or on kccount of such Offence respecting which such Infonnation shall have been given, and such other Proceedings and Conviction had as aforesaid, any thing in this Act or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Court at any Assizes to proceed to try Informations for or determine any Information for any Offence, on account whereof any Townland, District, Division, Place Still Finet not to or House shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the Sup- Day of pression bf illicit Distillation, on the Commission Day or First Day of such Assizes; any thing in any such Affixed Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that evenr such Court fhalT and they are hereby required to try and determine all such Informations, and all Issues and Traverses, matters and things relating to or concerning such Informations, at some time during the Continuance of such Assizea.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of Customs or Excise shall find or discover Officer Ceiling any unlicensed Still, or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utensil forny , MeS«lSt'u* distilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, for or in respect whereof the Person who tice to Collector shall use or hare the fame would be subject to any Penalty or Punishment, or the Townland, District, Division of Excise in

or Place within which the same shall be found or used would be subject to any Fine or Penalty, every such District, who Officer shall and he is hereby respectively required, within Six pays after such Finding or Discovery as afore- Aal1 proceed in said, to give Notice thereof in Writing to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District in which ^a*10 any such unlicensed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil for distilling Spirits, or such Wash, e Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been so found or discovered, specifying the particular Articles, and the time of the Finding or Discovery of the fame, and setting forth the Name of the Parish, Townland,

District, Division or Place in which the Place shall be situate, where such unlicensed Still or Appendage to

a Still, or Worm or Utensil for distilling, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been found or discovered, and describing the Situation in such Parish, Townland, District, Division or Place, and the particular Place in which such unlicensed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil, Wash, Pot

Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been found or discovered; and every such Collector who shall Collector to

receive such Notice shall Twice in every Month, that is to say, on or before the Second and Fourth transmit Sche-

Wednesday in each Month, transmit or cause to be transmitted, to the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess in each thVcolle&or

Barony or Half Barony, or County of a Town or City, within which the Place shall be situate where such of Grand Jury

unlicensed Still, oV Part of or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil for distilling, or Wash, Pot Ale, Cess, and giv#

Low Wines or Singlings shall have been found or discovered, an Abstract or Schedule of all such Notices public Notice of

relating to any such Finding or Discoverey, had within such Barony or Half Barony, County of a Town or Contents

City, which such Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes shall have received up to the Saturday next preceding e

such Wednesday; and such Collector of Grand Jury Cess shall, on the Saturday next after such Second and

Fourth Wednesday respectively, give public Notice of the Contents of such Abstract, by posting a Copy

thereof, or causing the same to be polled on or at the Church, Chapel, Meeting House, Market House or

Market Place within the Barony or Half Barony, or County of a City or Town within which the Place shall be situate, and which shall be nearest to the Place where such Offence was committed; and such Collector of

Grand Jury Cess shall also from time to time, on Demand, produce such Abstract to any Inhabitant of any such Barony or Half Barony, County of a Town or City, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess therein,

who shall require to fee and peruse the fame, at any reasonable time in the Day time, at the usual Dwelling

Place of such Collector.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Trial of any Information or other Proceedings for Defect in respect any Fine or Penalty against any Townland, District, Division or Place, or for any Offence against any Act of Notices shall or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation of Spirits, it shall not be necessary to prove or give in Evi- coedinMoi, dence, that any such Notice had been given by the Officer of Customs or Excise to the Collector of Inland Trials for Fines. Excise and Taxes, or that such Collector had transmitted an Abstract or Schedule of such Notice to the Collector of Grand Jury Cess, nor shall any Omission or Neglect in the giving any such Notice, or in transmitting any Abstract or Schedule of the fame, or in making the Contents of such Abstract or Schedule known and public, nor shall any Defect in any such Notice or Abstract or Schedule, which shall he given or transmitted, or any Variance between the fame, and any Information or other Proceeding for or relating to any such Fine or Penalty, in any manner vitiate or affect such Information or other Proceeding, but every such Information or other Proceeding shall and may be tried, had and determined in all respects, as if the Regulations herein contained relating to such Notice, Abstract or Schedule had not been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of Grand Jury Cess shall neglect or omit in any Collector of Instance to make known and public the Contents of any such Abstract or Schedule which shall have been Grai"l^ur? transmitted to and received by him, by posting a Copy thereof in manner aforesaid, or shall wilfully neglect or , ng 18

refuse to produce such Abstract to any Inhabitant of any Barony or Half Barony, or County of a Town or City, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess therein, on Demand of such Inhabitant at a seasonable time in the Day time, at the usual Dwelling Place of such Collector, every such Collector shall for every such Neglect or Refusal, or Omission, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill at the Quarter Penalty. Session8 of the Justices of the Peace, in the proper County, County of a Town or City in Ireland, by any Person who shall sue for the fame, and the Money recovered by such Civil Bill shall be applied to the Use of the Person filing for the same.

lot*

Preytptfve Commission may be issued by Commissioners of Excite, with Consent of Lord Lieutenant, to Persons appointed by Parfthes as In-ipe&ors under 54 G. 3. c. 150. to prosecute for illegal Dist illation.

On Con vision of Offender, Court may order Prosecutor to be paid his Expences.

Fee to Clerk of The Crown.

Grand Jury to present such Expences, to be levied off Town-land, &c.

Illicit Spirits feixed conveyed to Excise Stores, and there spilled In Presence of Collector and an Jofpe&or of Excise.

Reward to feix-ing Officer.

Persons keeping Kilasor Mills for drying or grinding Corn or Malt to deliver Account thereof to Collector, who Stall register lame.

Officer to give Certificate of Registry. Keeping Kiln or Mill without delivering Account. Penalty.

[Penalty.]

Name not painted on Kiln or Mill.

[Penalty.]

C.ia 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

IX. And Whereas in and by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Regulation* contained in fevered AS* of Parliament for impo/ingamd levying of Fine* upon Parjfbesx Tow lands and other Place*, in refbeS of the unlawful Dislillatton of Spirit* in Ireland, the Parishion^rs in Yeftry assemblpd are authorized to elect One or more Person or Persons for the Purpose, of discovering or prosecuting al} Offences against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland: And Whereas it may tend towards effectuating the Purposes aforesaid if additional Powers were given to the Person or Persons so elededBe ft therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland ExciSr and Taxes in Ireland, if they shall deem it expedient so to do, upon the Representation of the Chnrchwardens of any Parish in Ireland, to grant and issue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, a Commission commonly called a Preventive Commission, to each and every Person who shall have been or shall be so elected for the Purposes aforesaid; and every such Person shall have full Power and Authority to ad under such Commission; and all and every the Clauses, Regulations, Provisions, matters and things contained in any Act or Acts, for the Protection of the Officers of the Revenue, shall extend to and shall he applied to and put in practice with respect to each and every such Person acting in the Performance or Execution of his Duty under such Commission, as fully and effectually in all respects as if such Clauses, Regulations, Provisions, matters and things were herein repeated and ree&aded with regard to such Person or Persons.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful in all cases for the Court before whom m Person shall be tried and convided of any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the Suppcel-fion of illicit Distillation, to order, upon the Request of the Prosecutor, the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town in which the Offence shall be committed, to pay unto such Prosecutor such Sum of Money as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, for the Expences and Loss of time of such Prosecutor, which Order the Clerk of the Crown is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to such Prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the Sum of One Shilling, and no more; and the Treasurer of the said County, Town or City is hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay to such Prosecutor or other Person authorized to receive the same, such Sum of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the fame in his Accounts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury at each and every Assizeg and Prefeoting Term, and they are hereby required to present all such Sums as shall have been so paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, under any such Order, and which shall not have been previously presented; such Sums to be presented, raised and levied off the Townland, District, Division or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, in such manner as any Presentment of a Grand Jury may be raised and levied.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits which shall have been or shall be seized, as having been illicitly made or distilled, shall, immediately upon the Seizure thereof, be conveyed to and deposited in the Stores, of the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District in which the same shall have been seized, or in the like Stores of the next neighbouring District to which the fame can be conveniently conveyed; and the Strength and Quantity of such Spirits having been ascertained and taken an Account of, such Spirits shall, after Condemnation thereof, be spilled and effectually destroyed in the Presence of the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of such District respectively, and of an Inspector General of Excise, or other Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in that behalf order or direct; and that the Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons Seizing any such Spirits, shall receive such Recompence or Reward for Seizing the same as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall keep any Kilu for the drying of any Corn, Grain or Malt, shall, within One Calendar Month after beginning or continuing to keep such ILiln or Mill respectively, make out, Sign and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the Gauger or other Officer in charge of the Walk in which such Kiln shall be situate; and that every rerson who shall keep any Mill for the grinding of Corn or Grain or Malt, shall make out, sign and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the Collector of the District in which such Mill shall be situated, specifying and describing in such Return or Account respectively the Name and Place of Abode of such Person, and the Place where such Kiln or Mill is respectively situated; and every such Person shall cause to be painted in Oil Colour, in Black upon a White Ground, or in White upon a Black Ground, on the Outside of the Door of or Place of Entrance to every such Kiln or Mill respectively, or on a Board to be affixed or erected on some conspicuous Part of the Outside of such Kiln or Mill respectively, in legible Letters, at least Three Inches in Length, the Name and Surname of the Owner or Proprietor of such Mill or Kiln; and every such Gauger or Officer and Collector who shall receive any such Return or Account respectively shall register the fame, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registry, by giving a Copy thereof signed by him; and if any Person shall keep any Kiln for the drying of any Corn or Grain or Malt, or shall keep any Mill for the gnnding of any Corn or Grain or Malt, without having made out, signed and delivered such Account as is by this Act required, every such Person who shall keep any such Kiln shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every Person who shall keep any such Mill shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all Corn or Grain or Malt which shall be found in or on any such Kiln or Mill respectively shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if upon any such Kiln or Mill the Name and Surname of the Proprietor thereof respectively shall not be and remain so painted and legible as aforesaid, the Pprfon to whom such Kiln or Mill respectively shall belong shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

16 XIII. And

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 11 a. 1015

XIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Return or Account of any such Mill shall be Person* keeping

received, entered or registered by such Collector, the Person who shall keep such Mill shall, with One or more Millato enter sufficient Surety or Sureties, enter into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of*

Fifty Pounds, conditioned to pay all such Fines or Penalties as such Person shall or may by Law be subject having Malt or liable to, for or on account of such Person having in his Mill any Malt for which inch Person shall not without Permit, have or produce a proper Permit for the Removal thereof to such Mill as by Law required 5 and also conditioned that such Person shall not receive or grind, or suffer to be received or ground in such Mill any Malt

which shall not be attended by a proper Permit or Permits for the Removal thereof to such Mill.

XIV. And be it forther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at If refused Ad-any time in the Day time to enter and search any Mill for the grinding of any Corn or Grain or Malt, situate mittance.Offi-in any Didri& in Ireland, mentioned in any Notice which shall have been or which shall or may from time to ccr# n^y..br^ time be given by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, of the putting into Execution in fjarch!* such Didri& the Provisions of the Laws for the Suppression of illicit Distillation; and if such Officer or Officers

shall not on Demand, within a reasonable time after such Demand made at the Place of Abode of the Person keeping such Mill, obtain Admittance into such Mill, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers in the Presence of a Condable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby respectively authorized and required to be aiding and affiding therein, to break open and enter such Mill, and every Store and Room therein, and make search for any Malt which such Officer or Officers shall or may have reasonable or probable Cause to suspect to be concealed or fraudulently deposited therein.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Gauger employed in the Service of the Excise shall be entitled to No Gauger to

receive his Salary, or any Part thereof, at any time from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand receive hi* Sa-eight hundred and sixteen, unless and until such Gauger shall have* made Oath, before the Collector of Excise e

or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the Didri& in which such Gauger shall be employed, which Oath every such Collector or Officer is hereby authorized to adminider, that from the time of the lad previous known or ha* Payment of Salary to such Gauger, such Gauger hath not known, or hath not had or received any Information Information of of any Spirituous Liquors having been sold by Retail without Licence in any House within the Walk of such Offence in Gauger; and that he hath not known, or hath not had or received any Information against any Person distilling, having or felling any Spirits which shall have been unlawfully made or diddled in Ireland, or that if such Gauger hath known or had Information of any such Offences, he hath duly communicated the Particulars of given> and which such his Knowledge or Information- to some one of his superior Officers, and that he hath also on his own Part has not been endeavoured or used his utmod Exertions to dete& and puniffi the Person or Persons guilty or supposed to be proceeded guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid. against

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Didress shall be taken or made on the Goods, Chat- Notice to be tela or Effects of any Inhabitants or Inhabitant of any Townland, District, Division or Place in Ireland, for or 5»v«n of Sale of on account of any Fine or Fines, or for any Sum or Sums of Money applotted on any such Inhabitant of ^ftre^jrF* Inhabitants, in respect of any Fine or Fines imposed on such Townland, Didri&, Division or Place, under any own mt3* Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, the Person or Persons who shall have taken and made such Didress shall keep the Goods, Chattels and Effects so didrained, until Twelve o'Clock at Noon of the Fourth Day next following the Day on which such Didress shall be made, before the same shall be sold and disposed of, unless such Didress shall be sooner redeemed by the Payment of such Fine, or such Part thereof for which such Didress shall have been made; and such Person or Persons shall give or cause to be given public Notice in Writing of the time and Place of the Sale of such Didress, specifying and defershing in such Notice the Goods, Chattels and Effects so didrained and intended to be sold $ and such Notice shall be poded on the Door of the Church, Chapel or Meeting House in and neared to the Place where such Didress shall have been made, Two Days at lead before the Day of Sale 5 and the reasonable Expences of keeping and detaining such Didress, and of giving such Notice, shall be paid out of the Produce of the Goods, Chattels and Effects so didrained: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to sell and dispose of any such Goods, Chattels or Proviso for Effects so didrained, during the tiitie of any Fair or Market which shall be holden on any Day on which such Goods difrraine* Didress may be made, or winch may intervene between the Day of such Didress and the Expiration of Four Markeu*11^Days next afterwards, and although no Notice of Sale shall have been given as aforesaid. 1 ue'

XVII. And Whereas it is among other things enacted, by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, that Notice shall be poded for the Purpose of requiring all Persons liable to Grand Jury Eels in any Townland, Place, Didri& or Division, to meet to applot any Sum or Sums in which any such Townland, Place, District or Division shall have been fined, within Ten Days after such 4. Townland, Place, Didri& or Division shall have been so fined; and it is expedient that the time for poding such Notice should be enlarged; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act such Notice for Ap-Notice shall and may be poded at any time not less than Twenty Days, and not more didant than Thirty Days, pk*m«nt of after the Townland, Plate, Didri& or Division shall have been so fined, and that such subsequent Proceedings ^aTaStween shall be had upon and after such Notice for the applotting and levying of any such Fine, as by the said Act are i^or 30 Da* directed or required to be had, upon and after such Notice required to be poded within Ten Days by the said after they art recited Act. imposed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Person shall Of Traverser* appear at any Assizes or Presenting Tertn, to offer to controvert or prove any Fa& allowed by Law to be con- c

troverted or proved, for the Purpose of preventing any Fine from being imposed on any Townland, Place, Fees 'to be taken Didri& or Division by way of Traverse, in manner directed by the said recited Act of tht Fifty fourth Year as io cases of of Hi* present Majesty*» Reign, or any other Act or A&e for the Suppression of illicit Distillation; it shall Misdemeanor.

and

ioi6 C. 112.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Power to Com-sniflioners to appoint Collectors of Fines, repealed.

Regulations for

and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown and every other Officer of the Court, or Judge at such Assizes or Presenting Term, to alk, demand, take or receive such Fees, as such Clerk of the Crown and other Officer or Officers of the Court, or Judge, is or are by Law entitled to ask, demand, take and receive in cases of Traverse on any Indictment for Misdemeanor, and no greater or other Fees; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act, so much of any Act or Acts made in the last Session of Parliament for amending the several Acts relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Distillation in Ireland, whereby it is enacted or provided that it ihallbe lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland to appoint any Person or Persons for the collecting and levying of such Fines in all or any of the Counties, Counties of Cities or Towns in Ireland, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the

of Persons to collect Fines by Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

Collectors empowered by the Appointment passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, whenever it shall appear expedient to him or them so to do, at his or their Discretion, to appoint any Person or Persons for the collecting and levying such Fines in all or any of the Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns in Ireland, and to order that Notice mall be given by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelands by Publication in the Dublin Gavuttc^ that it has been deemed expedient by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* to appoint such Person or Persons for the levying and collecting of such Fines, and to require the Treasurer or Treasurers of any such Counties, Counties of Cities or Towns, which shall be mentioned in such Notice; and all and every Collectors and Collector, and all and every Persons and Person who shall have been empowered by "Commissioners to such Treasurer or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to deliver up, within such time as^ment^one<^n Notice, all and ev'ery Warrant and Warrants which shall not at such time have been leaors°appointed executed, to the Person or Persons who shall be so nominated and appointed by the said Lord Lieutenant by Lord Lieu- or other Chief Governor or Governors to receive and execute such Warrants; and upon Demand made to him or them for that Purpose by the Person or Persons, or any of them so nominated and appointed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, every such Treasurer, Collector or other Person shall deliver up all such Warrants accordingly, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each Warrant which such Treasurer or Collector or other Person shall not, on such Demand made, so deliver up; and every such Person and Persons so nominated and appointed to receive and execute the said Warrants, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to levy all and every the Fine and

[Penalty.]

Collectors appointed by

Penalties of 100l. how recovered, &c.

Lord Lieutenant pines which shall be mentioned in any such Warrant or Warrants, and to execute or complete the Execution of roceed to the said Warrant or Warrants, with like Powers and Authorities, and in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, or other Person to whom such Warrants had been granted or delivered, were empowered to exercise and might or could have executed the fame, and with all the like Remedies in case of Nonpayment thereof or of any Part thereof as are prescribed by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under any Presentment of a Grand Jury 5 and every such Fine, Penalty or Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland* or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction (and which Court is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance of the fame) by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame; and in such Proceedings no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed 5 and the Money recovered by such Action or other Proceeding shall be applied, as to the One Half thereof, to and for the Use of the Person suing for the fame, and the other Half to and for the Use of the Infirmary of the Lord Lieutenant County, or County of the City os Town, as the case may be; and in case it shall seem expedient to the Lord

empowered to Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* to revoke or annul any Appointment which shall

polntment made ^ave been ma<^e by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes of any Person or Persons to collect and levy any such Fines as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover-

nors so to do, without appointing any other Person or Persons for that Purpose.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Collection of such Fines, shall ftaud in the Place and Stead Liemenant to be of the Persons appointed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and shall have all such Powers other Collectors Authorities as the Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners.

Commissioners

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act> it shall and may be lawful for of Excise, with the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, (by and with the Consent and Approbation, and ConsentofTrea- under the Directions of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, ') upon ftjry, .mny relieve the Application of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess, in any Townland, Place, District or Division in Ireland, on which any Fine shall have been imposed under any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland, to grant such Relief to such Person or Persons against the Payment of such Fine, or any Part thereof, as to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall seem fitting and expedient, and as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, and under such Di rest ions and Regulations as the said last mentioned Commissioners shall make in that behalf.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and also all the Clauses, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in Two several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament for amending the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year, shall be applied in the Execution of his Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame ^rere repeated and reenacted in this Act, except so for as the

some

by Com m i f-sioners. Collectors appointed by Lord

Persons from Fines on Town lands.

Former Act* extended to Act.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 112, 113. 1017

fame are repealed or altered by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts, and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, so far as the same are compatible and confident with each other; and

that the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or inflicted by this Act shall and may (in all cases not otherwise provided for) be sued for, recovered, levied and applied in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and

Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of

Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King 14 & ij Car. 1.

Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- (l*l

cessors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majestys

Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and reenacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Ireland, is provided,

Cap. cxra.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Britain, and for imposing other Duties in lieu thereof.

[1st July 1816.]

TT THE RE AS it is expedient to repeal the several Duties and Sums of Money now payable by Law for Licences for retailing Beer or Ale, and Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Britain, and that several other Duties and Sums of Money should be imposed and made payable in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Exellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Duties on Li- from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Duties and Sums of Money .cenc* foretjil-sow payable by Law for or in respect of Licences for retailing Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits, shall be replied and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remian unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture,

Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundrednd instead and sixteen, in lieu of the Duties and Sums of Money payable as aforesaid, and hereby repealed, there shall be thereof the fol-raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and lowing ut, cs* Successors, for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws in each case made and provided

by Retailers of Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits within Great Britain, to be paid by such Retailers respectively, the several annual Sums of Money herein after mentioned $ that is to say,

Every Person who shall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who shall fell Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed On Beer L»-in his, her or their House or Premises, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid, cences,

If the Dwelling House in which such Person shall, at the time of taking out such Licence, reside or retail Beer or Ale, or fell Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed as aforesaid, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, Two Pounds and Two Shillings:

If rated as aforesaid at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Three Pounds and Three Shillings:

If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

And every Retailer of distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of and on Spirits plain Aqua Vitae only, made or distilled from British Materials in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ Licence*, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid.

If the Dwelling House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts,

Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards.

Five Pounds and Five Shillings s If rated as aforesaid, at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Six Pounds and Six Shillings:

If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds, Eight Pounds and Five Shillings:

If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds, Eight Pounds and Seventeen Shillings:

If at Thirty rounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty Pounds, Nine Pounds and Nine Shillings:

If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Fifty Pounds, Ten Pounds and One Shilling;

If at Fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, Ten Pounds and Thirteen Shillings,

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Duties to he uu* Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for der

the time being 5 and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners loners of*4>f Excise in Scotland for the time being. Excite.

56 Geo. III. 6 O IV. And

ioi8

Duties kow levied.

Duties carried to

Coafotidated

Fund.

Act may be altered, &c.

43 G. 3. C. 56.

§ 11.

Regulations in recited Act with respect to Foreign Vessels carrying Passengers made applicable to Britishi Vessels carrying Passengers from this Kingdom to the United States.

Agreement dated June 15, 1816, for the Purchase of the Manors of Esher and Melbourne and the Mansion House called Claremont, Sec, for 66, ooool.

C. 113, 114, 115. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Sums of Money above mentioned, and hereby imposed and made payable as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and adjudged in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties of Excise respectively, of the fame kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed, and the Retailers and Persone respectively before mentioned shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which such Persons in general, and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Persons respectively were subject or liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise 5 and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise and Sums of Money hereby charged and made payable respectively, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties and several Sums of Money by this Act imposed and made payable as aforesaid, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to regulate the Conveyance of Passengers from the United Kingdom to the United States of America, in British Vessels. [ill July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plant-

ations and Settlements Abroad or to Foreign Parts, with rtf pc 8 to the Number of such Passengers; it was enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Matter or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command

of any Ship or Vessel, other than a British Ship or Vessel clearing out from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, to have or take on board a greater Number ofk Persons, including the Crew, than in the

Proportion of One Person for every Five Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel: And Whereas it is

expedient to extend such Provision of the said Act, and also all other Regulations contained therein relative to the Conveyance of Passengers in Foreign Vessels, to British Vessels conveying Passengers from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to the United States of America, in lieu and in Head of the Regulations

now by Law established : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all the Regulations, Restrictions, Obligations and Penalties, in the said recited Act contained and provided with respect to Foreign Ships or Vessels carrying Passengers, and no other, shall be and the same are hereby made applicable to British Ships or Vessels carrying Passengers from Great Britain and Ireland to the United States of America, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were severally and separately repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act; any thing in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for ratifying the Purchase of the Claremont Ellate, and for settling the same as a Residence for Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augujla and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfield. [ill July 1816.]

WHEREAS for the providing a suitable Residence for Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augujla and His Serence Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince or Cobourg of SaalJUldy upon their late auspicious Marriage, Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, have been made and entered into between Charles Rose Ellis of Claremont in the County of Surry, Esquire, of the First Part; the Right Honourable William Hufksjfon, William Dacres Adams, and Henry Dawkins, Esquires, Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues (for and on behalf of His Majesty) of the Second Part; and The King's Most*Excellent Majesty of the Third Part; in Substance or to the Effect following; (that is to say, ) the said Charles Rose Ellis for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for and in consideration of the Sum of Sixty six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to he paid to him at the times and in the

t 11*Propor-

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 115.

Proportions thereinafter mentioned, has thereby promised and agreed to and with The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to sell and dispose of, and the said Commissioners Parties thereto, for and on behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, have thereby agreed to purchase and buy of and from the said Charles Rose Ell'u> his Heirs and Assigns, all those the Manors of EJher and Milbottme, or Waterville 4 EJher, in the County of Surry, together with all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Customary and other Courts,

Profits and Perquisites of Courts, Fines, Heriots and all Rights, Royalties, Privileges and Appurtenances to the said Manors or either of them incident, appertaining, or in aoywife belonging, and all Right of Soil and other Rights of him the said Charles Rose Ellis, his Heirs or Assigns, of and in all Waste Lands and Commons, situate within, or being Part or Parcel of the said Manors, or either of them save and except the Land called Milbourne Hold, belonging to the said Charles Rose Ellis, which was by the said Articles of Agreement expressly agreed not to be deemed Waste or Common of the said Manors or either of them), and all Timber, Timber like and other Trees, growing or being in or upon such Waste Lands or Commons, or any of them: And all that capital Mansion or Dwelling House situate at or near EJher called Claremont otherwise Claremount, with the several Lodges, Summer Houses, ornamental Buildings, Coach Houses, Stables, Brewhouse, Laundry and other Offices, Hot Houses, Green Houses, Ice Houses, Cottages, Farm House and Farm Buildings, and other Out Houses to the said capital Mansion House or Premises belonging, or in any wise appertaining; and all that Park with the Woods, Plantations, Waters, Pleasure Grounds, and Gardens thereto belonging, containing together by Estimation (including the Scite of the said Buildings) 4 Three hundred and thirty two Acres, One Rood, and Thirteen Perches, (the whole of such Lands being

Freehold, except One Acre or thereabouts, situated in the said Park, which is Copyhold of Inheritance, )

and all Timber and other Trees growing or being in the said Park, or in any of the Pleasure Grounds,

Woods or Plantations within the same, and all the Household Goods, Furniture, Fixtures, Ornaments, Brewing Utensils, and all Chattels and other Articles of whatever Denomination or Description, belonging to the said Charles Rose Ellis, and being in or about the said Mansion House, Out Houses and Offices, Garden*,

Pleasure Grounds and Premises save and except certain Articles in the said Agreement specified), and also all that Messuage or Dwelling House called Millbourne House, situated at or near EJher aforesaid, with the

Coach Houses, Stables and other Out Houses and Offices, Yards, Gardens, Plantations and Pleasure Grounds

thereto belonging; and also all those several Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said last mentioned Messuage or Dwelling House and Premises belonging or in anywise appertaining; all which last mentioned

Premises contain together by Estimation Forty nine Acres and Thirty one Perches or thereabouts, the said Messuage, or Dwelling House and Premises, with Part of the Lands being in Hand, and the Residue thereof let on Lease at the Yearly Rent of Forty eight Pounds, which Lease will expire in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and all Timber and other Trees growing or being on the said last mentioned Premises or any Part thereof; and all the Fixtures and other Articles of every Sort in or about the said last mentioned Dwelling House, Offices, Out Houses and Premises, or the Gardens or Pleasure Grounds thereto belonging (except such Articles and things as in the said Articles of Agreement are excepted; ) and also all that Messuage, Dwelling House or Cottage called Warren House, and all those Plantations and other Lands thereto belonging, containing by F.ftimation One hundred and thirty two Acres or thereabouts, and all the Timber and other Trees growing or being thereon 5 and all that Spring of Water rising in the last mentioned Grounds, and all the Conduits, Aquedu&s, Pipes and Reservoirs used for conveying or conducting the Water arising from such Spring to the Mansion House called Claremont, for the Supply thereof, and the Offices and Grounds thereto belonging; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land called the Highfield, containing by Estimation Three Acres Three Roods and Five Perches, situate near the said Park $ and also all such Pew or Pews, or Part or Parts of a Pew or Pews, in the Parish Church of EJher, as belong to the said Charles Rose Ellis; and all Waters, Fishings, Ways, Roads, Paths, Easements, Rights, Members, Privileges and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Manors, Mansion House, and other Houses and Premises,

4 or any of them belonging or in anywise appertaining: And the said Commissioners, Parties thereto, by the said Articles of Agreement have, for and on the behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, covenanted,

promised and agreed, to and with the said Charles Rose Ellis, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to pay the said Sum of Sixty six thousand Pounds, the Purchase Money for the said Premises, in the Proportions and at the times herein after mentioned 5 (that is to say, ) the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds,

Part thereof, on the Delivery of the Possession of the said Premises, or on the Title thereto being approved of by the Counsel of the Purchasers, whichever should first happen, and the Residue thereof to be paid by Four equal annual Payments, the First of such Payments to be made on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Second, on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Third, on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

and the Fourth and last, on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty, together with lawful Interest for the fame, or the Instalments from time to time remaining unpaid from the Date of the said Articles of Agreement, such Interest to be paid annually on the same Days as the Instalments of the Principal: And it is by the said Articles of Agreement, amongst other things, further provided and agreed that the said Charles Rose Ellis should within One Month from the Date thereof make out and deliver to the said Commissioners, Parties thereto, a complete Abstract of and make out a good Title to the said Manors,

Hereditaments and Premises, and to the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances,

save such as are therein and herein after mentioned; and that he and they and all other necessary Parties

should and would, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December next, by such good and sufficient Conveyances, Surrenders and Affuraneet, as Counsel shall advise, convey and assure the said Manors, Mansion

6 0 2 House,

1019

1020

38 G. 3. c. 60. 42 G. 3. c. 116.

133-

preenent

confirmed.

C. 115. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

House, and all and singular other the Houses, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises so contrafted to be sold as

aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, to the Use of the said Charles Rose Ellis, or of some Person or Persona to be

named by him or them, and his and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for a Term of Five hundred Years, for securing the Payment of the said Purchase Money, or so much thereof as should remain unpaid at the

time of the Execution of such Deeds, together with lawful Interest for the fame, at the times and in manner aforesaid, and subject thereto, to the Use of such Person or Persons, and upon such Trust or Trusts, and in such manner and Form as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners, Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, or the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall direct or appoint, free from all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever, except the Land Tax, and save and except the said Premises,

being subject and charged with the Expences and Repairs of EJber Bridge, and save and except certain Fee Farm and Customary Rents, Heriots, Services and Rights of Common in the said Articles of Agreement particularly mentioned, and to which certain Parts of the said Premises are subject; and the said Charles Rose Ellis agreed to assign and set over all the Furniture, Goods, Chattels and other Personal Effects by the said Articles of Agreement agreed to be sold, to such Person or Persons as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall direct or appoint, either for his or their own Use and Benefit absolutely or in Trust for any other Person or Persons, Uses or Purposes: And it is by the said Articles of Agreement further agreed, amongst other things,

that the Fee Farm Rents and all Taxes and Out Goings for or in respect of the said Premises, should be borne, defrayed and paid by the said Charles Rose Ellis up to Midsummer Day in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and that His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should have Possession of the Parts in Hand, and receive all Rents, Issues and Profits of the Remainder of the said Premises as and from that Day; and it is in and by the said Articles of Agreement expressly provided and declared, that if the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should refuse or decline to ratify that present Agreement, or if an Act of Parliament should not be passed in this present Session of Parliament for confirming such Agreement, and to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to advance the Sums re^uifite to pay the several Instalments of the Purchase Money as they respectively become due, and to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues to fell Crown Lands in order to provide for the Repayment of the Monies so to be advanced, then and in either of such cases, that Agreement and the Contract thereby made, and every thing therein contained, should cease, determine and be wholly void: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for enabling the said Commissioners, Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, to make good the Contract thereby entered iqto on behalf of His Majesty, and to carry the fame into Effect: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein Jlatedy the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and another Act paffea in the Forty second Year of 4' His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several AS: passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One AS, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shircy and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands or Tenements9 1 the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased; the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the time being was empowered to contract for the Sale from time to time, of such or so much of the Manors, 'Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood. Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in England, as would raise a Sum sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Land Revenues of or belonging to the Crown: And Whereas under the Authority of the said recited Acts certain Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown have been fold in order to raise Money for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Crown Estates, and the Monies which h?ve 4 arisen therefrom have been in vested in the Purchase ot Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, of which Annuities certain Parts are now (landing in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's 4 Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and such Annuities, or considerable Parts thereof, are not immediately wanted foy the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and in order to carry into Effect the Provisions of this Act with as little Inconvenience as possible, and to have a Fund ready for the Payment of the several Instalments of the said Purchase Money as they shall respectively become due, it is expedient that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should be authorized and empowered to fell a 4 competent Part of the said Bank Annuities from time to time, in order to raise the Monies which will be requisite to pay the said Instalments as they shall become payable, and to apply the Monies so to be raised in the Payment thereof accordingly; and that the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, should be authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of certain Parts of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and apply the Money arising from such Sales in making good and replacing the Bank Annuities which shall have been so fold, or in purchasing Three Pounds per Cent. 4 Reduced Bank Annuities in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said hereinbefore in Part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date on the said Fifteenth Day of June in this present Year One thousand eight hundred

fio and

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 115. ioai

and sixteen, dull be and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made Yalid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it farther enacted, That at the time mentioned in the said Articles of Agreement for the con- The Claremont veying the said Estate and Premises, the said Charles Role Ellis shall by proper Conveyances and Assurances in vested in the Law convey the fame, and the Fixtures thereto belonging, to the Use of him the said Charles Rose Ellis, ^Woods0"*" his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or of some Person or Persons to be by him or them for that Purpose £orefts in Trust nominated for a Term of Five hundred Years, for securing the Payment of the said Purchase Monies and for the Princes* Interest at the times and in the manner in the said Articles of Agreement mentioned; and subject thereto, to and the Prince, the Use of the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for

ever; and that from and immediately after such Conveyance shall be made and executed, all those the said Manors of EJher and Milbourne, or Waterville EJbert and the said Mansion or Dwelling House called Clare-mont otherwise Claremount, with the Parks, Woods, Plantations, Pleasure Grounds, and Gardens thereto belonging^ and all other the Messuages or Houses, Farms, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fcereiimefore and in the said Articles of Agreement particularly mentioned and described, and the several Fixtures thereto belonging, by the said Articles of Agreement contracted and agreed to be sold and disposed of, shall be settled upon and veiled in, and the same are hereby settled upon and vested in the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for ever, but subject and without Prejudice to the Leases now subsisting in the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, or any Parts thereof, and subject and without Prejudice to the said Term of Five hundred Years, to be created according to the said Articles of Agreement for securing the Payment of the said Sum of Sixty six thousand Pounds and Interest; but nevertheless upon the Trulls and for the Purposes herein after expressed and declared of and concerning the said Estate and Premises; that is to say, upon Trull that they the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, shall suffer and permit Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augufia, and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Co-honrg of Saalfeld, during their joint Lives, and shall suffer and permit the Survivor of them, during her or his Life to hold, use, occupy, possess and enjoy the said Manors, Mansion House, Estate and Premises, and all Fixtures thereto belonging, (b to be conveyed and assured under and in pursuance of the said Articles of Agreement, and to take, have, collect and receive the Rents, I Hues and Profits, coming, growing and arising therefrom, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if the fame were absolutely vested in them, but without any Power to fell, convey, dispose of, mortgage or otherwise alienate or incumber the fame or any Part thereof.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Death of Her Royal Highness the Princess On the Death Charlotte Augujla or His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cohourg of Saalfeld, which of the Survivor ever shall be the Survivor, the said Manors, Mansion House, Estate and Hereditaments, and the several Fixtures the Estate to be-thereto belonging, shall veil in and become Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and shall be settled and administered to the same Uses and in the same manner as His Majesty's Land Revenues now are or hereafter " y*may be settled and administered.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augujla on Princes* fuc-

shall succeed to the Crown of the United Kingdom in the Lifetime of His Serene Highness Leopold George cecding to the Frederick Prince of Cohourg of Saalfeld, then and in such case immediately after the Decease of His Serene

Highness, the said Manors, Mansion House, Estate and Hereditaments, and the Fixtures thereto belonging, Highness, and shall become Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and be settled and administered to the same Uses after His De-and in the same manner as such Land Revenues now or hereafter may be settled and administered. cease;

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augujla and also in case shall survive His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince o? Cohourg of Saalfeld, and after the of the Princes* Decease of His Serene Highness succeed to the Crown of the United Kingdom, then and in such case and fury|vinS artd immediately upon such Accession of Her Royal Highness to the Crown of the United Kingdom, the said crown^Estate Manors, Mansion House, Estate and Hereditaments, and the Fixtures thereto belonging, shall become Part to become

of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and be settled and administered to the same Uses, and in the fame Crown Property, manner as such Land Revenues now are or hereafter may be settled and administered.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury Commissioners for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required of Treasury from time to time, as the Instalments of the said Purchase Money and the Interest thereon shall respectively siock°a* become due, to fell, and dispose of so much of the Three per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, Handing in the foaii be necef-Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the fary to pay the Bank of England, which have been purchased with Monies raised under the Provisions of the said recited Instalment* as Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty second Years of His Majesty's Reign, as will be sufficient to pay and they become due. discharge such respective Instalments of the said Purchase Money as they shall respectively become due, and the Interest then payable to the said Charles Rose Ellis, his Heirs or Assigns, and by and with the Produce of the Sale of such Bank Annuities to pay and discharge such Instalments of the said Purchase Money

accordingly, and the Interest then payable to the said Charles Rose Ellis, his Heirs or Assigns.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities Treasury may

hereby authorized and required to be sold and disposed of for the Purposes aforesaid, by the said Commissioners fell and transfer of the Treasury, shall and may be sold, transferred and disposed of by any Person or Persons to be appointed the Stock b7

by them, or any Three or more of them, by Letter of Attorney, under their Hands and Seals attested by PoweJ of Al"

Two or more credible Witnesse*. r'

Commissioners of Woods and Forests may fell Crown Lands to raise Money to replace the Stock fold.

The Money to be paid into the Bank and laid out in Three per Cent. Consolidated or Re* duced Bank Annuities.

Bank Annuities so purchased applicable to fame Purposes, and applied in same manner as Stock fold out.

No such Contract made un-left by Warrant of Treasury. Sales under this Art to be made in the manner, directed by 4 % O. 3. c. 116.

Neglect in not paying Purchase Money into Bank within time limited. Penalty.

Commissioners of Woods to certify in their Report to The King and Parliament what Sales have been made under this Act.

C. 115. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty* Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or any Two of them, and they, or any Two of them* are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, and absolutely to make Sale of such or so many or so much of the Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes or Waste Lands or other Hereditaments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England (for the heft Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be able to procure for the fame), as will raise a Sum fuf&dent to purchase so much Stock in the Three Pounds per Cent. Bank Annuities herein after mentioned, as shall he equal, or as nearly equal as conveniently may be, to the whole Amount which shall have been fold out of the said Consolidated Bank Annuities under the Provisions of this Art, for the Payment of any such Instalment or Instalments of the Purchase Monies so to be paid to the said Charles Rose Ellis, his Heirs or Assign8 as aforesaid, and the Interest so to be paid to him or them as aforesaid; and that the Purchase Monies to be paid for the same shall be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majestys Treasury, and shall be laid out by the Order of the Commissioners of His Majestys Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or any Two of them, (who are for that Purpose hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the fame, ) in the Purchase either of Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Commissioners of Hifl Majesty's Treasury, in like manner in all Respects as is prescribed in the said recited Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty second Years of the Reign 01 His present Majesty with relation to Purchases of Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, under those Acts respectively; and the Capital or Stock so to be purchased therewith, and the Dividends and Interest arising therefrom, shall be applicable to the fame Purposes, and shall be applied in the same manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations and Provisions in all Respects, as the Bank Annuities which shall be so fold for the Purpose of raising such In-ftalments as aforesaid, and the Dividends and Yearly Interest arising therefrom, would have been subject and applicable to if this Act had not been passed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract shall be made, unless by Special Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Sales of any Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or other Hereditaments, or any other Revenues to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, for the time being, under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions as directed by the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame may be applicable thereto 5 and that whenever such Coni* miluoners shall have contracted with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Lands or Premises, by virtue of this Act, they shall grant to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof a Certificate in the Form and in manner directed by the said last mentioned Act, or as near and similar thereto as the Circumstances will permit; and the Cashiers of the Bank shall, on Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies, and carry the same to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt thereof, without Fee or Reward, in like manner as by such last mentioned Act is directed, which Certificate and Receipt shall be in rolled and attested in the manner required by the said last mentioned Act; and from and immediately after such Inroi-ment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors or Assigns shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Premises so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and disch&rged of and from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under Him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not taken place.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall nagled to inroll such Certificate, and the said Cashier's Receipt for the Money for the like Space of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall for any reasonable Cause to them shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the fame Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tunc, and which upon such Cause being shewn they are hereby authorized and empowered to do.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, shall in every Report which shall be made by them to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Revenue of the Crown, from and after the passing of this Act, so long as the Power of Sale given by this Act shall continue in force, certify and report what Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown shall have been fold under and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act since the time of the making their last preceding

Report,

A.D. 1816. 56 GEORGII III. C. 115, 116, 117. 1023

Report, and what Sum or Sums of Money shall have been raised by Means of every such Sale, and in what Power of Sale to manner the same shall have been applied and disposed of; and that when and as soon as all the Monies c«*fe when.required for the Purposes of this Act shall have been raised, the said Commissioners shall certify the fame in rc^, r

their then next Report 5 and when and as soon as the same shall be so raised, all the Powers of Sale hereby aforesaidis given to them shall cease and be it further exercised. raised.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Deed or Writing, Conveyance, Mortgage, Alignment or other Deeds, &c. to be Instrument, which shall be made, executed or signed by any Person or Persons in pursuance of the said exempted from recited Articles of Agreement, or for carrying the fame into Execution, nor any Certificate or Receipt to SumP DutX. be given or granted to any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Manors, Lordships, Messuages or other Here-ditamenta hereby authorized to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, unless the fame be specially subjected thereto and specifically charged therewith in and by such future Act or Acts of Parliament.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other Fees connected with the Gaols in England.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other Fees conneSed with the Gaols in England: And Whereas

Doubts have arisen whether the Judges of Assize have Power under and by virtue of the said Act, to grant to certain Officers who before the passing of the fame were entitled to certain Fees abolished by the said Act, a 4 Certificate for the Purpose of enabling the said Officers to receive Compensation for such Fees so abolished as aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Judges of Assize, who have gone the several Circuits since the passing of the said Act, as well as future Judges of Assize, respectively, to grant such Certificate as is required by the said Act; and the said Judges of Assize are hereby authorized and required to receive from every such Officer as, previous to the passing of the said Act, was lawfully entitled to any Fees abolished by the said Act, art Account in Writing of what they severally claim to be due to them for such abolished Fees, which Account shall be verified upon the Oath of the Party claiming the fame, in like manner as is provided by the said Act in respect to the Clerks of Assize and Clerks of the Peace.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Amount of every such Account, after being verified as aforesaid, shall be paid in the same manner as is provided in and by the said Act, in respect to the Clerks of Assize and Clerks of the Peace.

III. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Act extends to Prisoners confined in Gaols and Prisons under Civil Process for Debt only, and whether Prisoners confined in the Gaols and Prisons of Liberties and Franchises under Civil Process for Debt, and the Gaolers and Keepers of such Gaols and

Prisons, are within the Meaning and Purview of the said recited Act: And Whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed* Be it therefore further declared and enacted, That the said recited Act and the Provisions therein contained shall be deemed and construed to extend and shall extend to all Prisoners, as well Civil as Criminal, whether confined for Debt or Crime in any of the Prisons in England, except as to the said Prisons in the said Act excepted; and that the Gaolers and Keepers of all such Gaols and Prisons, except as aforesaid, and their Servants, as well within Liberties as without, shall have Compensation for their Fees or Gratuities abolished by the said recited Act or this Act, as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Allowances made to the Bodar or Keeper of the Prison of Dovor Castle, in lieu of Fees and Gratuities paid or payable by any Prisoner on his or her Entrance, Commitment or Discharge to or from such Prison, and also the Compensation to the Registrar of the Cinque Ports and Clerk of Dovor Castle for the Liberati granted to any Debtor or f his or her Discharge, shall be paid out of the Funds raised by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Poor Debtors and others confned within the Gaol of Dovor Castle: Provided always, that such Allowance and Compensation shall be verified, allowed and paid in the same manner as the Relief to such Poor Debtors, and Payment for the fame is directed to be allowed, verified and paid by the said recited Act.

55 0.3. c. 50.

Judges of Affix* may grant Certificate to certain Officers to receive Com pen-fation for abolished Fees;

to he paid in same manner as is provided by recited Act. Recited Act to extend to Prisoners for Debt.

Allowances to Gaoler of Dovor Castle Prison, &c. how to be paid.

J4 G. 3. c. xcviL f Sis.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences. Q1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present 39^ 40 G.3. Majesty, intituled An Act for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences, it is enacted, c. 94. §1.

that in certain cases, therein specified, it shall be lawful for Courts of Justice to direct Insane Persons to be kept in safe Custody, in such Place and in such manner as to such Court shall seem fit, until His Majesty's Pleasure shall be known; and that it shall thereupon be lawful for His Majesty to give such Order for the

safe.

Offenders becoming Insane, during Confinement, may be removed to any Lunatic Asylum.

Duties now payable on Oil and Blubber from British Colonies in North America repealed, and in lieu thereof like Duties as are imposed on Oil and Blubber the Produce of Fish taken in Newfoundland Fishery.

Ante, c. to.

Orders made by any Judge in relation to Transportation of Offenders tried by Courts Martial to he obeyed

C.i 17, 118, 119. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

safe Custody of such Persons, during his Pleasure, in such Place and in such manner as to His Majesty shall seem fit: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the due Care of Persons who may, after Con vision for any criminal Offence, become Insane 51 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person having been duly convicted of any Offence, who after such Conviction and during his or her Imprisonment or Continuance in any Gaol, Prison, Hulk, Penitentiary House or House of Correction, under Sentence of Transportation or Imprisonment, shall become Insane, and it shall be duly certified by Two Physicians or Surgeons that such Person is Insane, it shall be lawful for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to direct, by Warrant under his Hand, that such Person as aforesaid shall he removed to such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle for Insane Persons in the United Kingdom, as His Majesty's said Principal Secretary of State may judge proper and appoint; and every such Person so removed as aforesaid shall remain under Confinement in such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle as aforesaid, or in any other Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle, to which such Person may be removed by any like Order, until it shall be duly certified to His Majesty's said Principal Secretary of State, by Two Physicians or Surgeons, that such Person has become of found Mind 5 whereupon His Majesty's said Secretary of State is hereby authorized, if such Person shall still remain subject to Imprisonment or to be continued in Custody, to issue his Warrant to the Keeper or other Person having the Care of any such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle as aforesaid, directing that such Person shall be removed back from such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle, to the Gaol, Prison, Hulk, Penitentiary House or House of Correction, from whence the said Person or Persons shall have beea taken, for the Purposes of being confined in such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle as aforesaid during the time of their being Insane; or, if the Period of Imprisonment or Custody of such Person had expired, that such Person shall be discharged.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for admitting Oil and Blubber from the British Colonies in North Amencay upon Payment of the like Duty as Oil and Blubber from Newfoundland.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties now imposed by Law upon Oil and Blubber the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught in the Gulf of Saint Lawrence* or on the Shores of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually rending in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on such Fishery from thence, should be repealed, and that in lieu thereof the fame should be liable to the like Duties as are now by Law imposed upon Oil and Blubber being the Produce of the Newfoundland Fisheries* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Duties now payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Oil and Blubber the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken ana caught in the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, or on the Shores of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually redding in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, and canying on such Fishery from thence, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and in lieu and instead thereof such Oil and Blubber shall be subject and liable to the like Duties as are now by Law imposed upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Oil and Blubber being the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island and residing therein, and imported directly from thence, on the like Proofs and Certificates as are required on the Admission of Oil and Blubber of the Newfoundland Fishery as before recited, to the Duty imposed thereon by Law 5 and such Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied in the same manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as the former Duties were,

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in relation to the Transportation of Offenders.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for tmnishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And Whereas it is expedient to explain and amend the Provisions of the said Act in relation to the Transportation of Persons sentenced to Transportation by Courts Martial, or of Persons sentenced to Death by Courts Martial, to whom His Majesty shall graciously extend his Mercy upon Condition of Transportation* Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Order made by any Justice of The King's Bench, Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of making any such Order in relation to the Transportation of Offenders, for the Transportation of any Offender sentenced to Transportation by any Court Martial, or being liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, to whom His Majesty shall have been graciously pleased to extend or shall be graciously pleased to extend his Mercy,

tipoa

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 119, 120. 1025

upon Condition of Transportation, and every Ad consequent upon any such Order, shall be obeyed and done by all Persons by the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at the time be, and aH other Persons whom it may con- concerned, cern, and shall be as effectual and have all the fame Consequences as any Order made or Ad done under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time in relation to the Transportation of Offenders with respect to any Offender in any such Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned; and every Sheriff,

Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant whom it may concern, and all Constables or other Persons,

shall obey every such Order, and be Assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the Authority of any such Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time in relation to the Transportation of Offenders; any thing in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to procure Annual Returns of Persons committed, tried and convicted for Criminal Offences

and Misdemeanors in Ireland.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that regular Returns should be made of the Commitments of Persons charged with Criminal Offences in Ireland, and the subsequent Proceeding thereon 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Clerks of Affixes the several Clerks of Assizes, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol &c. flull yearly Delivery, Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks in Ireland, shall, within the First Fourteen Days of the ^nrmit to Chief Month of January in each Year, return and transmit to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other COUnt«*of tKtT" Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at the Office of such Chief Secretary in Dublin Number of Per-Cajlhy Accounts of the Number of Persons, Male and Female, committed to the several Gaols in Ireland for fons committed. Trial, and tried or dischargedat the several Assizes, Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delively, General distinguishing the Sessions, Quarter Sessions and other Sessions at which they respectively ad as such Clerks as aforesaid, which shall have been holden within the preceding Year; distinguishing particularly the Crimes with which all such jule annexed.*" Persons were severally charged upon their Commitment, the Crimes of which such of them as were indicted were respectively indicted, and the Crimes of which such of them as were convicted were respectively con-vided; and distinguishing under each Head of Offence the Numbers convicted, acquitted, discharged by reason of no Bill being found against them and discharged by reason of no Prosecution, and the Sentences of such as were convicted, and also dating under each Head of Offence the Numbers of those capitally convicted who have been executed; and all such Accounts shall be made out and returned according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in such Form and manner and with any such additional Particulars as shall from time to time be ordered and reauired by such Chief Secretary in that behalf, and such Accounts shall be signed by every such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Crown or other Clerk as aforesaid respectively; and every Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Crown or other Clerk as aforesaid, who shall refuse or cieik of Affixe, neglect to make or transmit any such Return or Account in the manner and Form prescribed, shall forfeit for &c. refuting, every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Information or Action at the Suit of penalty-His Majesty in any Court of Record in Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor Returns to be or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall, between the Twenty fourth Day of January and the Twenty Iaid before fourth Day of February in each Year, if Parliament shall be fitting during any Part of such Period, or if Parliament* Parliament shall not be fitting during any Part of such Period, then within Fourteen Days after Parliament shall meet after the said Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, cause all such Accounts and Returns to be laid before Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Grand Juries assembled at the respective Spring Assizes for the Allowances to

several Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, and at the Presenting Term for the County and Clerks of Affixe, County of the City of Dublin next after such Returns shall be made by such Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the fettIed

Crown, and other Clerks respectively in each and every Year, f settle and ascertain the Allowances to be paid to juries.

the Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Crown and other Clerks as aforesaid, acting at the respective Assizes and f Sic.

Sessions, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in making such Returns 5 and it shall be lawful for such Grand Juries respectively, and they are hereby required to present the Amount of such Allowances to be raised off the County at large, or County of the City or Town, as the case may be, to which such Returns respectively relate or apply; and such Amount when raised shall be paid by the Treasurer of such County, or County of a City or Town, to such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Crown or other Clerk respectively, also f shall be entitled to f Sic.

the fame under the Provisions of this Act.

56 Geo. III

6 P

1026

C. i2o. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

IRELAND, [Name of the Circuit Place from whence the Return is made.]

A RETURN of the Number of PERSONS committed to the different GAOLS in the several Counties within the Circuit [or, the Gaol of or, the Gaol within at

the case may be] for Trial at the Assizes [or, Session of Oyer and Terminer, Quarter or General Session of the Peace, or other Session, holden for as the case may be] in the Year 18; distinguishing

particularly the Crimes with which they were severally charged upon their Commitment, the Crimes of which such.of them as were indicted were severally indicted, and the Crimes of which such of them as were convicted were severally convicted; and distinguishing, under each Head of Offence, the Numbers con-vided, acquitted, discharged by reason of no Bill being found against them, and discharged by reason of no Prosecution; and the Sentences of such as were convicted, and the Numbers of those capitally convicted who have been executed.

Crimes with which they were severally charged upon their Commitment. Crimes of which they were indicted. Crimes of which such of them as were convicted were severally convicted. Acquitted by Verdict of Jury. Discharged by reason of no Bill being found. Discharged by reason of no Prosecution. TOTAL Number of Persons committed.

Total Number of Persons committed. Number of Persons? indicted - - J Not indited - Total Number of Persons? convicted - - J Acquitted by Verdict? of Jury - -J No Bill found against: No Prosecution of - Total -

(Signed) C.A. (Clerk of the Assizes) or, (Clerk of the Peace, &c. as the case may be.)

Crimes and Sentences of Prisoners convicted.

CRIMES. Total Number of Persons convicted. SENTENCES. Number of Persons capitally convicted who have been executed.

Death. Transportation. Imprisonment. Whipping. V 1 Other Judgment. Judgment respited.

14 Years. 7 Years. Years. 1 Year. 6 Months and under.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 121

1027

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland: and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[1st July 1816.]

[ This Act the same as 55 G. 3. c. 167. except as to Dates and the ScQions here given, and SeSion 16. which

is added.]

VII. AND Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of*Ireland while disembodied under certain Regulations Be it further enacted, That the following Allowances shall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Restrictions and in the manner herein after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon, now bearing a Commission, and serving in the Milita of Ireland, who shall have continued faithfully to serve until the Disembodying thereof; that is to say, to a Lieutenant Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day, to an Ensign Two Shillings a Day, and to an Assistant Surgeon Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day: Provided always, that such Allowances shall not be received for the time during which the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which such Officers belong, is assembled for Training and Exercise, or when called out for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Captain's Commission in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, nor any Officer on Full Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold the Commission of a Subaltern or Assistant Surgeon in the said Militia, shall have or be in anywise entitled to the said Annual Allowance or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous

8 receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some ne of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County in the United Kingdom in which they shall respectively be, 111 the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

I A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the of the Militia of Ireland,

when the fame was disembodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that time until the

1 Day of inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant

Surgeon, (as the case may he); and that I was not in my own Right, or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of such an annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland; that I have not, during the above Period, held the Appointment of Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment, Battalion or Corp9«of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period,

any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Half Pay as .*So help me GOD.' Which Oath so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon shall be then serving.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall not have been called out to their Annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Months, or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and the other Proportion of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, without any Deduction whatsoever; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any supernumerary Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon, of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland, which shall have been augmented during War, and which shall have been reduced to its original Establishment, shall have succeeded or shall succeed to any Vacancy which shall have occurred or shall occur in any such Regiment respectively, such Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon, shall, from the time of his so succeeding, be entitled to such Pay and Allowances under this Act, and in like manner and to the like Amount, and under the like Restrictions and Regulations as any Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon, who shall have been serving on the original Establishment of such Regi-jnent at the time of the disembodying thereof; and such Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon, so succeeding, shall be deemed to have belonged to such Regiment when the fame was disembodied, and to have continued to serve therein from that time, and shall in all Respects, from and after his so succeeding, be subject to the Regulations in this Act contained, with respect to any Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon of the said Militia who shall claim and receive the Pay and Allowances under this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance, as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy or Marines,

6 P 2 and

Allowances to Suhjltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons.

[Proviso.]

Exceptions.

Subalterns claiming Allowances to take the following CUli.

Oath.

Justices to transmit Oaths to the Paymaster.

Allowances to be paid Half-yearly without Deductions.

Supernumerary Lieutenant, See.

succeeding to Vacancy, entitled to Pay and Allowances.

Persons on Naval or Military Half Pay,

1028

or entitled to Allowances as having served in His Majesty's Forces, &c. serving in the Militia, may receive the same on taking the following Oath.

Oath.

Surgeons after 20 Years' Service to receive Us. per Day.

The Persons herein mentioned and their Clerks shall within Ten

C. 121, 122. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this A A directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Pay-mailers, Quarter Madera, Surgeons and Affidant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults; and the receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Mader, Surgeon or Affidant Surgeon, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, so as in any manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or such Allowance 5 and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace who is hereby empowered to adminider the fame:

I A.B. do swear, That I had not between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of«Half Pay as a reduced in His Majesty's Navy {or in the Marines, or in

t late Regiment of)or Allowance as in

late Troop of Horse Guards (or, Regiment of Horse reduced), save and

except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Paymaster or«Quarter Mader, Surgeon or Affidant Surgeon {as the case may he), for serving in the Militia in the county of:

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Cudom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surgeon of the said Militia, having faithfully served either in His Majesty's regular Forces or in the Militia for the full Term of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Paymader of the Regiment a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years in the whole, Ten of which he shall have served as a Surgeon of Militia, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the said Paymader shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty 5 but no Person receiving such Allowance shall, by reason thereof, forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to make Provision for securing, for a Time to be limited, the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland. [id July 1816.]

WHEREAS the Office of Clerk of the Pleas in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland is an

4»V ancient Office, to which divers Fees and pecuniary Profits do belong: And Whereas the said Office

e lately became vacant by the Death of the Right Honourable Robert late Earl of Buckinghamshire, who held and enjoyed the fame for many Years, under an Appointment to the said Office made by His present Majesty:

And Whereas His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty,

purposes and intends to make a Grant of the said Office, subject nevertheless to such Regulations touching

the Fees and Emoluments arising and to arise from the same, nnce such Vacancy as aforesaid, or received or to be received, or belonging to the fame, or under colour of belonging to the fame, as may be thought expedient: And Whereas also the Chief Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, claiming the Right of appoint-

ing to the said Office, hath executed an Indrument purporting to appoint Waller O'Grady Esquire to the said Office; and the said Waller O'Grady hath executed an Indrument purporting to appoint John Pollock Esquire Chief or Fird Deputy Clerk of the Common Pleas of the said Court of Exchequer 5 and hath also executed One other Indrument purporting to appoint Joseph Farran Esquire to be Second Deputy Clerk of the Common Pleas of the said Court of Exchequer; and the said Waller O'Grady and the said John PoU 4 loci have openly in the said Court taken the Oaths required by Law to be taken by the Principal in the said Office, and by the Chief or Fird Deputy respectively 5 and the said Joseph Farran hath also taken the Oaths required by Law to be taken by the Second Deputy before the Chief Baron or One other of the Barons of the said Court; and the said Waller O'Grady, John Pollock, and Joseph Farran, or some or one them, have or hath since executed or assumed to execute the Duties of the said Office, and received and taken all Fees and

pecuniary Profits thereof, by themselves or by certain other Persons in their Employment, and holding the Places or Situations after mentioned under the Appointment of the said Waller O'Grady, John Pollock and Joseph Farran, or some or One of them, that is to say, Clerk of the Satisfactions and Plaintiffs Judgements Book, Filacer and Clerk of the Pleadings, Clerk of the Attachments, Clerk of the Rules, Clerk of the Writs and Clerk of the Alphabets: And Whereas a Suit hath been instituted to bring to a judicial Decision

the Claim so made by the Chief Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, and the Right of appointing to the said Office, and other Suits may be instituted respecting the Right of a Grantee of His Majesty to the said Office, or to the Fees and Emoluments thereof; and it is therefore just that the Fees and pecuniary Profits of the said Office should be secured, for a time to be limited, in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within Ten Days after the First Day of August in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the said Waller 0*Grady, John Pollock and Joseph Farran, and the several Persons who shall from time to time hold or be in the Places or Situations of Clerk of the Satisfactions and Plaintiffs Judgments Book, Filacer and Clerk of

9+*

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 122.

1029

lit Feb. ill May and ill Aug.

Executors to account.

the Pleadings, Clerk of the Attachments, Clerk of the Rules, Clerk of the Writs and Clerk of the Alphabets, Days after lit shall deliver and transmit to the Auditor General of the Exchequer of Ireland, at his Office in Dublin, One or August i8r6, more Account or Accounts, signed with their Names and in their proper Hand Writings respectively, wherein del, er to Audi-they shall, either jointly or severally as they shall think proper, state all and every Sum and Sums of Money re- Account^ the ceived by them respectively, or by any Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons, for their Use, or by or fev£rai Fees under their Authority, or with their Privity or Permission respectively, or for which they or any Person or taken by them Persons on their behalf respectively shall have given Credit, for or on account or by reason of the Fees or pecu- since the Decease niary Profits of or by or under colour of the said Office of Clerk of the Pleas, or of the Places or Situations "f_tile °ceJ before mentioned, or any of them, from the Day of the Death of the said Earl of Buckingham/bire, to the said

First Day of August inclusive 5 and if any other Person or Persons shall, on or before the said Day, claim to be such Officer, or such Chief or First or Second Deputy, or any such Clerk as hereinbefore mentioned, and aft as such respectively, and receive or give Credit for any of the Fees or pecuniary Profits aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Person shall in like manner, within Ten Days after the said First Day of August, deliver or transmit to the said Auditor General an Account, signed by him, her or them as aforesaid, and Rating as aforesaid; and every Person, who at any time after the said First Day of August shall claim to be and quarterly such Officer or Deputy or Clerk holding any of the Places or Situations hereinbefore enumerated, shall within ?ft"wards> with* Ten Days after every First Day of November, First Day of February, First Day of May and First Day of August in every Year during the Continuance of this Act, in like manner deliver or transmit to the said Auditor General, at his Office as aforesaid, an Account, signed by him or them respectively, in his or their proper Hand Writings respectively, wherein they shall respectively state all and every Sum and Sums of Money received by them, or by any Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons for their Use, or by or under their Authority, or with their Privity or Permission respectively, or for which they shall have given Credit respectively to any Person or Persons, for or on account or by reason of the Fees or pecuniary Profits of the said Office of Clerk of the Pleas, or Clerk holding any of the Places or Situations before mentioned, for or during the Quarter or Three Calendar Months ending on such First Day of November, First Day of February, First Day of May and First Day of August respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Decease of the said Waller O*Grady y John Pollock or In case of Death Joseph Farrany or of any of the Persons who shall from time to time hold or be m any of the Places or Situa-^Person* her* tions hereinbefore mentioned, the Executors or Administrators of the Party so deceasing shall, within Three , n n, e, lionedi Months after the Decease of such Party, deliver and transmit to the said Auditor General an Account signed by such Executors or Administrators, or One of them, of all Money received by such Party, or for the Use or tinder the Authority or with the Privity or Permission of such Party, or for which such Party shall have given

Credit for or on account of such Fees as aforesaid, up to the Day of the Decease of such Party, so far as such Executors or Administrators shall be enabled to obtain any Knowledge thereof by the Books, Papers or Accounts of such Party, or by any other Information within the Power of such Executors or Administrators, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Account, before the same shall be so delivered as aforesaid, shall Account to be be verified by each and every Person whose Name shall be so subscribed thereto, by Affidavit at the Foot there- vcnfied 0" oath of, to be sworn before One of the Barons of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, (which Oath any such Baron is hereby authorized and required to administer, ) and which Affidavit shall state that the Account to which the q'uer fame relates is a full, true and just Account according to the Import thereof, to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of the Person or Persons whose Name or Names shall be subscribed thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person who shall deliver in such Account as aforesaid, All Sums ad-or, in any other manner under the Provisions of this Act, shall, within Three Days after the Date of such mi«ed by such Affidavit^ pay or cause to be paid into the Bank of Ireland to an Account to be kept in the Books of the said ^ccoums50 |jave Bank, and to be intituled, " In the Matter of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer, "

the full Amount of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which each and every P.erson shall in such Account Bank of Ireland admit to have been so received by him, or by his Testator or Intestate, or by any Clerk or Clerks, or other Per- to Account of son or Persons for his Use, or by or under his Authority, or with his Privity or Permission, or for which he, of t, e clerk t, le any Person or Persons on his behalf, shall have so given Credit; subject nevertheless to any such Deduction as Pleas' is herein after provided to be made from time to time.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall make such Affidavit as an ProvifuforExc-Executor or Administrator shall be at Liberty to add thereto a Statement of the Amount in value of the Assets cutors paying on of the Testator or Intestate which have come to his, her or their Hands or Power, and whether any and whatct0U!, t of their Part thereof is in Money or Bank Notes, and what is the Nature of such Part thereof as may not then be in Money or Bank Notes; and also a Statement of the Sum, if any paid thereout, for Funeral Expences; and such Executor or Administrator shall thereupon bring into the said Bank within the said time, in Priority to all other Demands, the Balance of so much of the said Assets as shall then be in Money or Bank Notes, after deducting what shall have been so paid for Funeral Expences, and the Residue shall be a Debt recoverable by Extent in manner herein after provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse, neglect or omit so to deliver in or verify such Account, or to make such Payment thereon, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five penalty, hundred Pounds Sterling; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Exchequer, on Applica-

tion duly made by His Majesty's Attorney General, to compel, by summary Order and Attachment, and led^AuTch- Sequestration thereon, if necessary, the delivering and verifying of such Account as aforesaid, at such time as ment, &c. such Court shall direct; and if at any time after Three Days from the Date of the Affidavit at the Foot of any Extent may be

Account issued forcom-

before a Barou of the Exche-

felhrors, See.

Refilling to deliver Account.

IOJO

pelling Payment of Sums due.

Money levied paid into the Bank.

Money so paid int % the Bank to be invested in Government Securities.

Deputies not compellable to pay into the Bank any Motiey paid to W. O'Grady before pafiii'" of this Act.

Falf« Oaths. Perjury.

Remuneration for discharging the Duties of the Office.

Money paid into the Bank to remain till Application provided for by Parliament. Continuance of Act.

54 G. 3. c. 175.

further continued.

50 G. 3. c. no.

C. 122, 123, 124. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Account fumished under this Act, it shall be made appear to any Baron of the Exchequer in Ireland, by an attested Copy of such Account and by Affidavit, that any Sum due under such Account, whether io due by a Principal Deputy or Clerk, or by any Executor or Administrator, remains unpaid, then such Baron shall immediately make an Order for an Extent to levy the same as a Debt to the Crown, which Extent shall accordingly issue in the usual Form as against an original Debtor or an Executor or Administrator respectively; and the net Money levied thereon shall in like manner be paid into the said Bank i: \ the said Matter of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Money which shall be paid into the said Bank to the Account in the said Matter shall, under the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer, be laid out and invested in the Purchase of such Irish Government Stock as the said Court shall direct, to the Credit of the said Account in the said Matter; and the Interest of such Stock, and all Accumulations thereon, shall, in like manner and under the like Orders, be from time to time so laid out and invested.

VIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That neither the said John Pollock, nor the said Jofetoh Farr an, nor any of the Clerks hereinbefore mentioned shall, nor shall any of them be compelled or compellable under the Provisions of this Act, to pay into the said Bank any Sum or Sums of Money, on any of the Accounts aforesaid, which at any time before the passing of this Act shall have been bona fide paid by the said John Pol-lock or Jofebh Farran> or by any of the said Clerks respectively, to the said Waller 09Grady> or to any Person or Persons by his Authority, but the said Waller 09Grady shall be compellable so to pay the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall in any such Affidavit as aforesaid swear any thing false, he shall, on being convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury; and Proof of the Hand Writing of the Person by whom any such Affidavit shall purport to have been sworn, and of the Person or Persons by whom the same shall purport to have been administered as aforesaid, and of his or their having at the time in question been reputed to fill the Office or Offices by virtue of which the said Oath shall purport to have been administered by him, shall in all cases be sufficient Proof that the fame was so duly sworn, and shall be conclusive thereof against any Person who shall have so subscribed the same.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time to authorize and permit the Persons who for the time being shall actually perform, exercise and discharge the Duties of the said Office of Clerk of the Pleas, to deduct out of the Payments so required to be made into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, or after such Payments shall have been made into the said Bank, to receive and to be paid thereout such Sum or Sums of Money as shall by the said Lord Lieutenant be deemed a sufficient and adequate Remuneration to such Persons for discharging the Business and Duties of the said Office, after paying the Salaries and Allowances of the Under Clerks therein employed, and defraying the Expences of the said Office.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums which shall be so paid into the said Bank of Ireland, under the Provisions of this Act, shall, notwithstanding the Expiration or Repeal of this Act, remain in the said Bank until Provision shall be made by some other Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for the Purpose of directing and authorizing the Payment and Application of the fame, and to be paid and applied in such manner as shall or may be directed or authorized by such Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force for Two Years from the pairing thereof, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England. [ifl July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

Ad to explain and amend federal Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England, for One Tear, and from thence until Six Weeks

after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament; And Whereas the said Act was continued by an Act of this Session of Parliament, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen:

And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to Lwidon and Westminster. [id July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 1 Ad to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of

Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation, which was continued by Two ' Acts of the Fifty first, Fifty third, and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign until the First Day

f 11*of

1

i03i

56° GEORGII III.

C. 124, 125.

Recited Act further continued.

46 G. 3. c. 104.

47 G. 3. Sell*, r. c. 34.

48 G. 3. c. 9?.

49 G. 3. c. 98. Sch. (A.) Coast-wife.

45 G. c. 128.

so far as relates to Coals being brought by the Canal, and 49 G. 3. c. 98, rel'pefling the Duty, further continued.

of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and it is expedient that the Act should be further conti-« nued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

1 II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 45 G 3. c. 128. An Act for allowing, under certain RestriSionsy until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and Jix9 the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navtga-

/ion, certain Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought along the Grand Junction or Pad-dington Canals nearer to London than the Stone or Post thereby required to be erected and maintained, on or near to the Towing Path of the said Grand Junction Canal, at or near the North East Point of Grove Park, and contiguous to the Wharf then in the Possession and Occupation of the Earl of Clarendon: And Whereas the Amount of the said Duties was altered by Three Acts of the Forty sixth. Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas by Schedule A. annexed to an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, other Duties are imposed in lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, under the Conditions,

Regulations and Restrictions of the said first recited Act: And Whereas the said recited Acts were further continued by Three Acts of the Fifty first. Fifty third and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted, That the said first recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders may be brought within One Year by the said Grand Junction and Paddington Canals nearer to London than the said Stone or Post, and the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon and the Appropriation thereof, shall be and the same are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons riotously destroying or damaging Buildings,

Engines and Machinery, used in and about Collieries and other Mines, Waggon ways, Bridges and other Works, used in conveying and flapping Coals and other Minerals 5 and for enabling the Owners of such Property to recover Damages for the Injury sustained [1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous Assembliesy and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters: And Whereas an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn or other wise destroy orfpoil any Millor Mills: and for preventing the destroying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and Minesy or Bridges, Waggonways or other things used in

conveying Coals, Lead', Tin or other Minerals from Minesy or Fences for inclosing Lands, in pursuance of AS

of' Parliament: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons destroying the Properties of His Majesty's Sub-

jeSsy and enabling the Owners of such Properties to recover Damages for the Injury sustained: And Whereas

it is expedient and necessary that more efreftual Provisions should be made for the Protection of Property

not within the Provisions of the said Acts May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously assembled together in Disturbance of the Public Peace, shall unlawfully and with Force demolish, pull down, destroy or damage, or begin to demolish, pull down, destroy or damage any Fire Engine or other Engine, erected or to be erected for making, sinking or working Collieries, Coal Mines or other Mines, or any Bridge, Waggonway or Trunk, erected or made, or to be erected or made for conveying Coals or other Minerals from any Colliery, Coal Mine or other Mine, to any Place, or for shipping the fame, or any Staith or other Erection or Building for depositing Coals or other Minerals, or used in the Management or conducting of the Business of any such Colliery, Coal Mine or other Mine, whether the fame Engines, Bridges, Waggonways, Trunks,

Staiths, Erections and other Buildings or Works shall be respectively completed and finished, or only begun to be set up, made and erected, that then every such demolishing, pulling down, destroying and damaging, or beginning to demolish, pull down, destroy and damage, shall be adjudged Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons injured or damnified by such demolishing, pull* tug down, destroying or damaging, or beginning to demolish/ pull down, destroy or damage any such Property hereinbefore specified, shall be entitled to and may and are hereby empowered to recover the Value of such Property hereinbefore specified, so demolished, pulled down, destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, or the Amount of the Damage done to the same as aforesaid; and such Value or Damage shall and may be recovered, levied,

raised

1 G. i.Stat. 2.

c. 5.

9 G. 3. c. 29.

52 G. 3. c. t£0.

Demolishing or destroying Engines, Erect ions or other Works, belonging to Collieries, c.

Death.

Persons injured may recover Value of Property destroyed under 1G. 1. Stat. 2. c. 5.

1032 C. 125, 126.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Owners of Engines and Works, Sec. to give Notice to Magistrates of unlawful Airemblies; and after sustaining Damage, to give Notice within Two Days after to feme Inhabitants of Town, Sec.

f Sic.

Examinations upon Oath to be had before a Justice within Four Days as to a Knowledge of the Offenders.

Limitation of Allion for Damages.

In Scotland Notice to be given to Sheriff, &c.

Prisoner to give Notice that he is willing to be examined touching the Justica of his Conduit. In case Prisoner has alted with gross Injustice, &c. not entitled to his Discharge, nnlefsthe whole of the Creditors coofent.

Proviso fer former Alts.

raised and reimbursed in such manner and Form, and by such Way* and Means as are particularly provided, directed or referred to in the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, in respect of the several Descriptione of Buildings therein mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Number of Persons shall So unlawfully assemble together in Disturbance of the Public Peace as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who is or are the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of any of the Engines, Works, Buildings, or other Property hereinbefore particularly specified, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such unlawful Assembly shall take place, by himself or themselves, or by his or their Servants, give or canfe to be given due Notice and Information of such Assembly having taken place, to some or one of the nearest Magistrates, and to the Constable or some one of the resident Housekeepers of the Towns, Villages or Hamlets near to the Place where any such Assembly shall take place; and that no Person or Persons shall be enabled to recover any Damages by virtue of this Act, unless he or they shall have given such Notice and Information as aforesaid, by himself or themselves or by his or their Servants, within Two Days after such Damage or Injury done him or them by any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, f shall give Notice of such Offence done and committed, untofome of the Inhabitants of some Town, Village or Hamlet near unto the Place where any such Fast shall be committed; and shall within Four Days after such Notice give in his or their Examination upon Oath, or the Examination upon Oath of his, her or their Servant or Servants, that had the Care of his, her or their Property hereinbefore specified, so destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Division where such Fast shall be committed, inhabiting within the said Hundred where the said Fast shall happen to be committed, or near unto the fame, whether ne or they do know the Person or Persons that committed such Fast, or any of them; and if upon such Examination it be confessed that he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed the said Fast, or any of them, that then he or they so confessing shall be bound by Recognizance to prosecute such Offender or Offenders, by Indiftmentor otherwise, according to the Law of this Realm: Provided also, that no Person who shall sustain any Damage by Reason of any Offence to be committed by any Offender contrary to this Act, shall be thereby enabled to file or bring any Action against any Inhabitants of any Hundred where such Offence shall be committed, except the Party or Parties sustaining such Damage shall commence his or their Action or Suit within One Year next after such Offence shall be committed: Provided nevertheless, that the Notice hereby required may and shall be given in Scotland to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute of the County or Stewartry where such Fast shall happen to be committed, in order that such Measures may be taken as the Law of Scotland prescribea in such cases.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An jift for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, and it is expedient to amend the said Act, and to distinguish between the cales of such Insolvent Debtors who shall have been guilty of gross Injustice towards their Creditors, and the cases of those who shall not have so conducted themselves Be it therefore enacted and declared, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in every Notice directed by the said recited Act to be given by any Prisoner to his or her Creditor or Creditors, such Prisoner shall declare that he or she is ready and willing to be ful^y examined touching the Justice of his or her Conduct to his or her Creditor or Creditors, and that the Court or Judge to whom any Prisoner shall apply under the said recited Act or any Act for amending the same to be discharged under the Provisions of the said Acts, shall examine each and every such Prisoner touching the Justice of the Conduct of such Prisoner towards his or her Creditor or Creditors; and if it shall appear to the said Court or Judge upon the Examination of any Prisoner, or otherwise, that such Prisoner has acted with gross Injustice towards his or her Creditor or Creditors, either in contrafting any Debts, or entering into any Engagements, without any fair Prospect or probable Means of paying such Debts, or fulfilling such Engagements, or by squandering or otherwise unjustly disposing of his or her Monies, Effecta or other Property, which he or she might have applied in paying such Debts or fulfilling such Engagements, either wholly or in Part, such Prisoner shall not be entitled to his or her Discharge by virtue of the said recited Act, or of any Act for amending the same, unless the whole of the Creditors of such Prisoner shall consent to his or her Discharge, or such Prisoner shall have been confined within the Walls of any Prison for the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the time when such Prisoner shall have applied for his or her Discharge.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter or repeal any of the Powers or Provisions of the said recited Act, or of any Act to amend the fame, further than any of the Powers or Provisions in the said Act or Acts are hereby expressly repealed or altered respectively.

c.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 127. 1033

CAP. CXXVII.

An Adfc to reduce the Duty on the Exportation from Great Britain of Small Coals of a certain Description. [ 1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS it would tend to encourage the Employment of British Shipping and British Mariners, i if Coals which had been screened through a Riddle or Screen, the Meshes of which were of finall

Dimensions, were allowed to be exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, subject only to the Duties

payable on the Exportation of Culm from Great Britain j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth in lieu of the Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the several Duties of Customs payable by Law upon Duties repealed, the Exportation from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, of Coals the Pieces whereof shall be of a Size capable the like Dmics of passing through a Riddle or Screen the Bars of which shall not in any Part thereof be more than Three*" 00

eighth Parts of an Inch blunder, shall, under the Conditions and Regulations herein after mentioned, cease and p^n°Exi>ort-determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Iixteen, in ition of Small lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Coals.

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Exportation from Great Britain to Foreign Parts of any Coals which shall have been screened through a Riddle or Screen the Bars of which not being in any Part thereof more than Three eighth Parts of an Inch asunder, and stamped in the manner herein after directed, such and the like Duties and no other, as are or may be charged and payable on Culm exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Coals whatever shall be admitted to Entry on Coals not ad-Payment of the Duty due and payable on Culm under the Provisions of this Act, unless a Certificate under m, 1lt5dp° E.^try* the filand of an Owner or Proprietor of the Mine* or Pit from which such Coals shall have been raised, or of ^oduced of Wte the principal and known Agent of such Owner or Proprietor, shall be delivered to the Collector of the Quantity, and Customs at the Port of Exportation, which Certificate shall specify the real Quantity of Coals so to be ad- that they have mitted to Entry, and that all such Coals have actually passed through a Riddle or Screen of the DimensionS' through a hereinbefore described, and which Riddle or Screen stamped as by this Act directed; and such Certificate shallV^.rccn also contain the Name and Residence of the Owner or Proprietor of such Coals, with the Description of the TOCnfi^'Situation of the Mine or Pit from which such Coals were raised.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Coal Pit Mine Own«rs to or Mine from which it may be intended to ship for Exportation any Coals of the Sort and Dimensions herein- provide Riddles before described, shall at nis or their Expence provide or cause to be provided such a Number of Riddles or stampwfas Com-Screens of the Dimensions hereinbefore described as shall be necessary and sufficient for the Purpose of mifnSSers 0*11 ascertaining that the Coals intended to be shipped are of the Dimensions required by this Act in order to direS. entitle them to be exported to Foreign Parts on Payment of the Duty as Culm: Provided always, that all Riddles to be such Riddles or Screens shall be stamped in such manner as the Commissioners of the Customs in England and

Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time direct; such Stamps to be provided and affixed at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors of the Mines or Pits from which such Coaisofa Coals shall be intended to be shipped: Provided always, that all Coals being of a larger Size or Dimen- 1^, sixc, ou fiona than is hereinbefore mentioned and described, shall on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain be Exportation, charged with the Duty on Coals so exported, in such and the like manner in every respect as if this Act had charged with not been made. Duty as hereto-

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Coals shall be entered or shipped for Exportation to Foreign Parts on which the Duty payable on Cuba shall have been paid under the Provisions of

this Act, which shall be of larger Dimensions than is allowed by this Act to be so entered, or which shall not at

have passed through a stamped Riddle or Screen of the Description by this Act directed to be used, the reduced Duty. Owner or Proprietor of any such Coals, or the Person who in his behauf signed the Certificate hereby required to be delivered to the Collector of the Customs at the time of the Entry of any such Coals, and the Person entering or shipping any such Coals, shall be subject and liable to a Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Penalty. Chaldron, Newcastle Measure, of such Coals so improperly entered or shipped.

V. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port where Officer to attend

any Coals shall be entered for Exportation to Foreign Parts on Payment of the Duty as Culm, shall, when- of

ever and as often as it conveniently can be done, attend at the fereening of any Coals so entered 5 and in any

case when he or they have not been able so to attend, the Owner or Proprietor or the Shipper of such Coals ten£jj he may shall, whenever required by any such Officer, cause any such Coals to be refereened in the Presence of such caui'e the Coal* Officer or Officers; and if it shall appear that such Coals or any Part thereof are not of the Dimensions to be rerequired by this Act, or have not passed through the Screen described and directed by this Act to be screened. used, the Owner or Proprietor of such Coals, and the Person who may have signed the Certificate required by this Act to be delivered to the Collector of the Customs, shall be subject and liable to the Penalties Penalties, directed by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act ixnposed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, Duties hew levied, collected, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature 'evled* are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several powers. Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made

for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for Gno. III. 6 Q any

*o*4

Application of Duties.

53 G. 3. c.iai.

53 G. 3. c. lxiL

Erovifonsof. former Act, as to paving, &c. repealed.

Appointment of Commissionerc.

Power to appoint additional Commissioners.

Qualification of CommHIioners.

Commissioners acting without being qualified, or being concerned in any Contrail under Ad.

[Penalty.]

Giir, 128. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

any Offences whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time acifidg from the said Duties (thtf necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties on Culm exported from Great Britain are directed to be appropriated and applied.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening a mftre convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park to Charing Cross; and for paving the Streets to be made in Mary le bone Park; and to enable His Majesty to grant fmaJi Portions of Land as Scites for Public Buildings, or to be used as Cemeteries within the Bills of Mortality.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

F V Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park, and the Northern Parts

of the Metropolis in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone to Charing Cross, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame: And Whereas another Act passed in the fame

Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets, public Passages and Places, which are or shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground belonging to His Majesty, in the JroeraJ 4 Parishes of Saint Mary le bone and Saint Pancras, in the Counts of Middlesex, called Mary le bone Park:

And Whereas it is necessary and expedient that further Provision should be made in relation to the Houses and Buildings to be erected in the Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and Passages, to be erected and made under the Provisions of the said first recited Act, and the paving, lighting and watching the fame, and

that certain Parts, therefore, of the said first recited Act Should be repealed, and the Powers and Provisions

therein contained, amended and enlarged 2 And Whereas some of the Provisions of the said last recited Act require to be amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said first recited Act as relates to the paving, lighting and watching any of the Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or Passages, comprised within the Provisions of the said first recited Act, and to any Powers and Authorities given in the said Act relating thereto, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, and the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, and such other Person or Persons as shall be elected and appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for paving, lighting, watching and otherwise regulating and improving the several Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, or such Parts thereof respectively as are or shall be made upon any Land within the Limits mentioned and described in the said first recited Act, which now belongs, or shall at any time hereafter belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and the -said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or any Three or more of them, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect and appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person or Persons who shall be so elected and appointed, is and are hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as if he or they had been named in this present Act, and had been hereby appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be so elected and appointed, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Two thousand Pounds.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person hereafter to be elected a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, not being so qualified, shall prelume to ad in the Execution of this Act, or being so qualified shall, during such time as he shall hold any Place or Office of Profit, or be any way interested or concerned in any Contract to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Work or Business to be done under the fame, presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Coils of Suit, to any Person who shall sue for the lame, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the case or otherwise; and the Person so sued shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or that he did not hold any such Place or Office of Profit, or was not interested or concerned in any such Contract, Work or Business as aforesaid, (as the case

12 may

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C.ttS.

may happen, ) or otherwise, shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being given on die Part of the Plaintiff, than that fudi Person had acted as a Commimoner in the Execution of this Act, or whilst holding any such Place or Office, or being interested or concerned in any such Contract, Work or Bufinefa as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet at such time and Place as any Three or more of them shall appoint, by Notice to be signed by them, and affixed on the Church Doors of the Parishes of Saint James in the Liberty of Westminster, Saint Mary le bone9 Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint George Hanover Square, at least Eight Days before such Meeting, in order to put this Act in Execution 5 and shall and may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to any Place within or near the Limits of this Act; and if at any time there shall not appfear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act to act in the Execution of the fame, any One of the said Commissioners present may adjourn the Meeting to another Day; and in case of any Neglect or Omission to adjourn, any Three of the said Commissioners or their Clerk, shall and may call a Meeting at the Place where the la ft Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held or was held by Notice or Summons to be delivered at the usual Place of Abode of all such Commissioners, at least Three Days before such Meeting; and that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners shall defray their own Expences (except for the Use^of the Room or Apartment where such Meetings shall be held, which shall be paid out of the Rates or Assessments herein after directed to be made and levied) 5 and no Act of the said Commissioners shall be valid, unless made or done at some Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act (except the calling of Meetings as aforesaid); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue hereof, mail and may from time to time be oxercifed by the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings to be holden as aforesaid, the Number of Commissioners present at such Meeting not being lets than Three, for the Purpose of borrowing Money, granting Annuities, or making Contrafts, and not being less than Two in any other case, unless where herein otherwise particularly provided; and in all cases where the Number of Votes upon any Question shall be equal, (including the Chairman's Vote, ) the Chairman shall have the calling Vote; and at every Meeting to be held under or in pursuance of this Act, the first Business shall be the Efcftion of a Chairman to preside at the fame: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed and to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorized to hold any Special Meeting between their then last Meeting and the Day to which any subsequent Meeting shall have been adjourned, so that such Meeting shall be required by Two or more of the said Commissioners, and Notice thereof given as last aforesaid, at least

Three Days before the time to be appointed for the fame, and so as that such Notice shall be signed by the Clerk or the said Commissioners, and specify the Cause or Causes of such Special Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Commissioners, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be revoked or altered, unless at some Special Meeting to be required as aforesaid, of which Three Days' Notice shall be given as last aforesaid, expressing the Occasion of such Meeting; and also, unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend such Meeting, to revoke or alter the fame, than were present when such Order was made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That Entries shall Ife made in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose of all the Acts, Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and of the Names of the Com-snissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings; and One or more of the said Commissioners who shall be present, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names at the End of the Proceedings of the respective Meetings; and all such Entries being so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all cases, Suits and Actions touching any thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book shall at all seasonable times be open to the Inspection of all Persons rated or assessed for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from time to time, by Writing under their Hands, appoint a Treasurer, Clerk and Surveyor, and also a Collector of the Rates or Assessments to be made as herein after mentioned, and such other Officers and Persons as they shall think necessary, and may remove any such Officers or other Persons as they shall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to all such Officers or Persons as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to take Security from every such Treasurer or Collector as they shall think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer and Collector shall, under their respective Hands (at such time or times, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct) deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all such matters and things as may be committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have been by them received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and dil-bursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and all such Collectors shall pay all such Money as shall remain in their respective Hands; and if any such Collector as aforesaid shall at any time or times hold or keep in his own Hands for the Space of Three Days together, any larger Sum of Money to be received by him under this Act, than the Sum of Fifty Pounds, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the Space of Ten Days next after he shall be called upon by them or their Treasurer to pay such Penalty; and every such Collector shall, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, assembled at any such Meeting as aforesaid, produce a Book containing an Account of the Rates and Assessments laid by virtue of this Act, which shall be in arrear and unpaid, and the Names of the Persons by whom the fame ought to be paid, with

6Q 2 tho

Meeting of ComnHfionerv.

Adjournment.

Number of

Commissioners

present.

Special Meetings may be held.

Restriction as te revoking Orders.

Proceedings of

Commissioners to be entered.

Evidence

Officers to be appointed, and to give Security.

Treasurer and Collector te account.

Unduly keeping Money in Hand.

[Penalty.]

Refuting to account.

Clerk of Commissioners, Tretfurer and Collector to deliver to Commis-(ioneri or their Appointee on Notice of Fourteen Days. Books, Sec. relating to Adfc or Duplicates.

Monies remain, ing in the Hands of Collector. 4

Dlftrefi.

Treasurer, Sec. refuting, See. to give Accounts, &c.

Imprisonment till Account rendered, &c.

Commissionen to pave and repair Streets, &c.

Altering Paw went, &c. without Consent.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners to make Allowances to such Persons as may have paved at their own Expence.

Commissioners may purchase Materials of old Streets, &c. or purchase or hire Ground for getting Materials, and for building Watch Houses, &c«

C. 118. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

the Sams by them respectively owing, and the time when the fame became due; and every such Treasurer and Collector so accounting shall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, ) verify such their respective Accounts; and if any such Treasurer or Collector shall retufe or wilfully neglect to make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or in case the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or any such Treasurer or Collector, shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days neat after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, and given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, all Books, Papers and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or Duplicates thereof respectively, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the fame, and Complaint shall be made thereof on the behalf of the said Commissioners, to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex or City of Westminster, such Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the matter of such Complaint in a summary Way 5 and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, ) it shall appear to such Justice that agy of the Monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of any such Treasurer or Collector, such Justice is hereby authorized and required upon Non Payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person; and if no such Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the Distress, or if it shall in manner aforesaid appear to such Justice, that any such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector had refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver up or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then such Justice shall commit him to the Common Gaol or rioufe of Correfclion, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person, being Treasurer or Collector, shall make and give a true and perfect Account and have paid such Money as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for such Money with the said Commissioners, and have paid such Composition in such manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until such Person, being Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, shall deliver up all such Books, Papers and Writings, or Duplicates of the same as aforesaid; but no Person who shall be committed on account of his not having sufficient Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to cause the several Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts and other Public Passages and Places, or such Parts thereof as shall be made and set out within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, under the Provisions of this Act, both in the Carriage and Footways to be paved, and such Pavements to be from time to time amended and kept in good Repair, upon such Levels, and in such manner, and with such Sorts and kinds of Materials as they shall judge necessary and proper; and also to cause the said Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, to be cleansed, lighted, watched and watered, and the Sides thereof or other Places, which shall be made or set out, to be fenced or inclosed with Iron or other Rails, in such Parts and Places and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein, to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters or Watercourses, to be made, for conveying the Water from the said Streets, Squares, Cir-cufles, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, in such manner as they shall think proper; and that no Person shall, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, alter the Form, or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carriage or Footways within any Part of such Limits, or make the fame otherwise than as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and such Person so offending shall also pay all the Expences of restoring such Ground or Pavement to its former State.

XII. And Whereas several Persons have already paved, or may hereafter at their own Expence pave*certain Squares, Passages and Places, within the Limits of this Act, for which it is reasonable some Allowance should be made Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arise under and by virtue of this Act, to make and pay to such Persons, as to the said Commissioners shall appear to be entitled thereto, such Payments or Allowances for or in respect of such Pavement made and done, or which shall hereafter be made and done by them as aforesaid, as to the said Commissioners shall appear fair and reasonable.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase the Pavements and Footways, or the Materials of which the old Streets may have been paved or made, in all or any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Courts, Passages or other Places under the Jurisdiction of any Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees before the passing of this Act, which shall be taken, blocked up, widened or altered under the Provisions of this Act; or such Parts thereof as shall be within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this Act, and all Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Polls and other Materials belonging to any such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, within such Limits, and also to make Compensation to any such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, {of any Loss or Damage which they or their respective Parishes may sustain by reason of any of the said Streets,

14 Squares,

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. CL128. 1037

Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places, being put or placed under the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution; and also to purchase, take or hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purposes of digging Gravel for the better paving such Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places as aforesaid, and for the Purposes of depositing Materials thereon, for or on account of such Paving, or for the Purpose of erecting a Watch House or Watch Houses thereon, or to rent any Building to be made use of as or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, as shall appear to them to be necessary, for such Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, and for such time, as to them shall appear reasonable, which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, shall be repedively paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; and also to ered any Watch House or Watch Houses, and any Number of Watch Boxes, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Place or Places as they may think proper, and likewise to buy or hire such Horses, Carts, Teams or Carriages, as may be necessary for the Purpose of carting such Gravel, or for cleansing or watering such Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places as aforesaid, or for any other Purpose directed by this Act; and also to hire such Persons, buy such Materials and make such Regulations for the better Execution of any such Purposes, as they the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Discretion think proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Owners, Damages to be Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Covert, or any other Person or a^effect, in case Persons interested in any Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Polls or other Materials, or in any Ground or Here- of ditaments which the said Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to purchase, take and jury*y use for the Purposes of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or Disability shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or their Agents, for the Sale and Disposal thereof; or if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Pre-inifes so to be purchased, or to the Interest, he, she or they shall respectively claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or if the Persons entitled to be compensated for any such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, shall not agree with the Commissioners for executing this Act in regard thereto, then and in every or any such case, the Sheriff of the said County of M\ddlesex9 or his Under Sheriff, or the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, or his Deputy, as the case may be; or in case such Sheriff or Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or his Deputy, shall be anyways interested in the Matter in question, then some of the Coroners of the said County, not interested therein, shall, upon the Warrant of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, to be issued in the manner herein after mentioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to cause it to be inquired into and ascertained, upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, (which Oaths the said Sheriff, &c. em-Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to powered to ad-administer, ) what Recompence and Satisfaction ought to be made to such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestry- mmifter Oaths, men, Trustees, Owners, Occupiers or other Person or Persons interested therein, for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for the Value of such Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Posts, or other Materials, Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of every Person or Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Commissioners of Pavement,

Vestrymen, Trustees or other Person or Persons respectively for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, for the Purchase of their respective Rights, Estates and Interests therein; and in order thereto, the said Sheriff,

Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required from time to time, as occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnessese*-Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, aminedon Oath. Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to administerj; and such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner respectively, shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Materials or Places in question, if there be occasion, and use all other lawful ways and means, as well for his and their own as for the said Jury's better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained and settled such Re- Sheriff to order compence and Satisfaction, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall thereupon jUTn ^7

order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Commissioners for Jur^to* executing this Act, to the said Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Owners or Occupiers of, or other Person9 interested therein, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition and Order, so had and made, shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, upon and against all Parties and Persons whom foe ver; and for the summoning and returning of Return of Jury, such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, to summon, impannel and return, at some convenient Place in the said County of Middlesex, or City of 1VeJlminfier9 as the case maybe, a Jury of not less than Thirty fix nor more than Forty eight honed and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin(lcr9 to appear before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, at such time and Place as ia such Warrant shall be appointed, and Fourteen Days' Notice at the lead in Writing, under the Hands of Notice of Meet-the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or under the Hand of their Agent duly appointed, of the h»g <* J«*y to time and Place at which such Jury so required to be returned are to meet, shall be given to such Com- Commissioners missioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations or any other avemont'

Person

J038

Jury fvrorn.

Parties may attend by themselves and Agents.

Sheriff, Jury and Witnesses for Neglect of Duty.

[Penalty.]

l!xpences of Juries how paid when Verdict for more Money than offered by Commissioners.

How paid when Verdict for lets;

where the summoning a Jury has arilen from a Refusal to treat with Commissioners.

No Cods.

Costs directed to be paid to Commiifiouers to be retained by them out of Money assessed to them; or if in Money awarded them, recovered as Penalties. Verdicti to be recorded.

C.i28« 56° GEORGTII III. A.D. 1816.

Person or Persons interested in the Premises, before the time of the Meeting of the said Jury, by ieaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at the Dwelling House of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued 5 and the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to impannel, summon and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposea aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be speedily procured, to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid) to the Number of Twelve; and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel, Solicitors and Agents, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff Deputy or Coroner respectively 5 and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of tte said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, shall make default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or to give his Verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Person so summoned as a Witness shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined or to give Evidence, any Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the Justices herein after mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, which several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Mtd- dlesex or City of Westminster> by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons so offending, rendering to him or her the Overplus, after such Penalties and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence, Compensation or Satisfaction, for the Right, Interest or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Pavements, Rails, Gates, Lamp Posts and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, or for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to be given and offered for the fame by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, before the summoning and returning of such Jury, then and in every such case, all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Recompence, Compensation or Satisfaction, to be affcfTed by a Jury, shall be settled by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, before whom such Claim shall have been tried, and shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies which shall arise by virtue of this Act 5 but if any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money, as such Recompence, Compensation and Satisfaction as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners for the fame, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury; or where the causing and procuring such Jury to be summoned shall have arisen from a Refusal to treat or agree with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, by such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are, by the Provisions of this Act or otherwise, legally empowered to treat, then all such Costs, Charges and Expences (to be settled by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner in manner aforesaid) shall be paid to the Commissioners for executing this Act, by the said Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming such Compensation, or refusing to treat and agree, as before mentioned respectively, save only and except where, by reason of Absence or other like Cause, any Person shall have been prevented rrora treating or agreeing as aforesaid, in which Case no Costs, Charges or Expences, shall be allowed to either Party as against the other; and all Costs, Charges and Expences hereby directed to be paid to the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall and may be deducted and retained by them out of the Money so adjudged or assessed to be paid by them, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of the Person and Persons entitled to such Money so adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum of Sums so adjudged or assessed; or in case no Money, or no sufficient Sum of Money shall be awarded or assessed to be paid by the said Commissioners, whereout such Costs, Charges and Expences can be deducted, then the same shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein after provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Act imposed or authorized to be imposed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments and Verdicts shall he recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue arising in the County of Middlesex; and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and all such Judgments and Verdicts shall be afterwards deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Middlesex, to be kept and preserved by him amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the said County, and shall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Personi shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Inspectioa the Sum of One Shilling, and to take

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C.ia8, M39

Copies thereof, paying far every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and fb ia proportion for any less Number of Words.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money, Recom- Power to enter pence and Satisfaction, which shall be agreed for, awarded or assessed as aforesaid, to the Parties or Personsnd PolTef-respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, Treasureror Treasurers, the said Commissioners of Pavement^ &c*on Vestrymen, Trustees or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested in such Payment or Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pods and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, shall from thenceforth Tender of Pur-be diveded of all Right, Title, Claim, Intered and Property therein or thereunto, and the same shall thence- chafe Money, forth he vested in the said Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the

actual Seisin and Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, freedand discharged from all former and other £ dates. Rights, Titles, Intereds, Claims and Demands, and the same shall and may he at any time thereafter made use of and employed according to the Directions of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, for any of the Purposes of this Act, and under the Regulations herein contained.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in all the Pavements of the Carriageways and Property of

Footways, and also the Ballad or Gravel to be brought or laid in the said several Streets, Squares, Circufles, '&C*

Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, already or hereafter to be set out or made within the missioners. °m* .Limits aforesaid, and of and in the Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Irons, Pods, Rails and other Materials and

things, which now are and which shall be made, set up, and be fixed thereon, and in the said Inclosures or the

Fences round the fame, and also of and in all Watch Houses, Watch Boxes, Pumps and Wells, which shall be erected, fixed, sunk or made, and all Materials, Implements and other things which shall be purchased or gotten

by virtue or for any of the Purposes of this Act, are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for executing

this Act; which Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Actions miy be

Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or ^ught'"the

Clerk, or to prefer or order and direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment, against any Person or clerk

Persons who shall deal, take or carry away, all or any Part of such Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Irons, Lamp

Pods, Rails or other Materials and things as aforesaid; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively it shall he deemed and taken to be sufficient to date generally, that the Article or Articles, thing or things, for or in respect of which the said Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment

preferred, is or are the Property of the Commissioners for executing this Act, without particularly dating or

Specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Commissioners; and if any Person or Persons shall wil- Damaging any sf

fully or maliciously break, pull down, destroy or otherwise injure, damage or spoil, any of the said Iron Rails, Work*.

Gates, Lamp Irons, Lamp Pods, Rails, Plants, Materials and things, or any of the Works which are or shall be carrying on, made, done or executed within or about the said Inclosures in the said Squares, and the said

several Streets, Circufles, Terraces, Roads, Highways or other public Passages or Places, already or hereafter

to be set out or made as aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so

offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and also make full Penalty.

Satisfaction to the said Commissioners for any Damage done by him, her or them as aforesaid; and that if any OccasioningAit<

Person shall cause any Nuisance or Annoyance within the said Inclosures, or any of them, either by heating or noyances.

riufting of Carpets, or laying or cading any Filth, Ashes, Dung, Dud or Rubbish therein, or m any other

manner whatsoever; he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fire

Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, LamPV°he fct and they are hereby empowered from time to time to cause such Lamp Irons or Lamp Pods to be put or l)e fixed upon or against the Walls or Pallisadoes of any of the Houses, Tenements or Buildings, and Inclosures, and Housea or in such other manner within the said intended Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public numbered. Passages and Places, as they shall think proper; and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and

Sorts to he provided and affixed, or put upon such Lamp Irons and Lamp Pods, as they shall think necessary for lighting all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places 5 and also to cause the said Lamps, and also the several Houses within the said several Streets, Squares,

Circufles, Ways and Courts, and other public Passages and Places, to be numbered; and also to cause to be

painted, engraved or described, in or upon Stone, Wood or otherwise, and to be fixed in a conspicuous Part of

One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner or Entrance of such

Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways and Courts, and other public Passages and Places, the Name by which each

respective Sireet, Square, Circus, Lane, Way, Court, Yard, Mews, Passage and Place, is to be properly called

or known, in such manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person shall Damaging

wilfully break, throw down, take away, spoil or damage any Watch House or Watch Box, Lamps or any of Watch House,

the Irons, Polls or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully extinguish the Light of any such Lamp, or deface or LamPs»&c*

obliterate any such Name or Number, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, Penalty.

and the other Moiety to the Commissioners acting under and br virtue of this Act, to be by them applied for the Purpose6 thereof; and such Offender shall also pay to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so done;

and in case any Person shall carelessly, negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise spoil or Carelessly da-

damage any of the said Lamps, or the Irons, Pods or other Furniture thereof, and shall not, upon Demand* mag, 1, g LamPV

make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of &c'

Middlefe»y or the City of Westminster, upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witnesses, or on Skat GonfdEfion of the Party* to award Inch Sum of Money by wfcy of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such

Justice

1040 C. 128.

5<s* OfcOR'GH 1 nil

Penalty*

DiHref*.

Persons to sweep die Footway opposite their*Housei once a Day. Penally.

Commits on era may Water Street*.

WelU may be

dug.

Commissioners contra ft for performing Works.

CommUSontrs may employ Surveyor sy and Cue and compound for Breach of Contracts.

Justice shall think reasonable, dot exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Camp, Lamp^S6o?^ljBi^6fi or in default of Payment thereof, upon Demand, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and $ale o? Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall have done such Damage, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of prbfecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner ojf Goods and Chattels upon Demand.,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House and Tenement now ere&ea 6rXo*§S erected within the Limits of this Act, shall once in every Day, before the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be feraped, swept and cleansed, the Footway alt along and eppofite to the whole Front and Flank Wall, if any, of his, her or their respective Houses or Teae£ ments, or in default thereof every such Occupier shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings $ and if any such House or Building be let furnished or in separate Apartments to Inmates, then and in every such case, the Person or Persons so letting the fame shall, for the Purpose aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof. vj^>

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall, and thej are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause all or any x>f the Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages and public Places within the Limits of this Act, to be watered when they or any of their Surveyors foe the time being shall think proper, and for that Purpose to cause such Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug-, sunk and made in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, as they shall think necessary, and from time to time to alter and repair the fame, as there shall be Occasion, and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; provided that no such Well or Pump shall be Xunk or made so as to injure any House or other Building in, or any Vault or Cellar under any of the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Terraces or other public Passages or Places.^,

XXltl. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall and may, add they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, at any of their said Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to contract and agree with any fit Person or Persons for doing and performing all or any of the Work* by this Act authorized or directed to be done and performed by them, or for supplying any of the Materials for the fame, or for watering the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courte, Passages or Places, or any of them, which Contract or Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the fame Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered iq case of Non Performance thereof, and shall be signed by Two or more of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively, which Contract or Contracts, or a Copy or Copies thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; but previous to the making of any such Contract, Fourteen Days' Notice at the lead shall be given in One or more of the public Newspapers published in London or Westminster, exorefiing the Intention of entering into such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commimoners at a certain time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned. w

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act AnA cause i

For preventing Ashe* being taken away by ny Person but thS Contractor for cleaning.

every the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or br such other Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the Terms, Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the time or times specified in such Contract or Contracts, then the said Commissioners for executing this Act may cause an Action to be brought in any of His MajestVs Courts of Record at Westminster % against any such Contrador, for any Penalty contained in his Contract; and on Proof of the signing of the said Contract or Contracts, and of the Non Performance thereof at the time or times for that Purpose to be therein mentioned, the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall be entitled to and shall recover the full Penalty contained in any such Contract, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to compound and agree with any Contrador, for any Penalty incurred by him for the Breach or Non Performance of any such Contract, for such Sum of Money as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, not being less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non Performance of such Contract, and all Costs, Charges and Expences that shall be occasioned thereby.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (other than the Person or Persons con-trading with the said Commissioners for executingthis Act, for cleansing the Streets, Squares, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places under their Direction, or those employed under such Contrador or Con-tradors) shall on any Pretence whatsoever go about to collect or gather, or shall a(k for, receive or carry away any Duit, Dirt, Cinders or Allies, from any House or other Premises in any Street, Square, Circus, Way, Court, or other public Passage or Place under the Management of such Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horses, Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages qr Implements made use of for carrying away the fame, and, by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her ar them before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City of Westmindcty and such Justice shall, and he is hereby authorized to Examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and any Witness or Witnesse* who shall appear to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of gqing about to collect or gather, asking for, receiving or carryingaway any Dust, Dirt, Cinders or Ashes, frpip any Houfq or other Premises in any Street, Square, Circus, Terrace, Road, Highway , qr other .public

ftflage

I04<

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII UL C. 128.

Pillage or Place under the Management of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, not being the Pecfon or Persona so contracting with such Commissioners, or acting under his or their Authority, he, me or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and One Moiety Petuky. of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the said last mentioned Commissioners; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not If not pakl, immediately on Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, such Justice is hereby required to direct such Horses, Carr, Horset, Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements which shall have been so seized to be appraised fei, ed and

and fold; and after deduding out of the Monies to anse by such Sale, the Penalty or Penalties incurred, to-

gether with the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned to the Party or Parties whose Horses or other things shall be appraised and fold; and in case there ind no Sds-

shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horse6, and other tilings which shall be so appraised and )£?* fold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, mid.

then if such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay the Penalty or Penalties, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horses and other things so seized and fold, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Middlesex % or Imprisonment. City of fVeJhntnflcri there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Forty Days, unless such Penalty or Penalties be sooner paid and satisfied: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Owner or Owners of such Dull, Dirt, Cinders or Aihes, from carrying away the fame for his, her or their own use, to be applied to any Manufactory of any such Owner or Owners, TmnQ9W* or to the manuring of any Ground occupied by him, her or them.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any. Householder within the Limits of this Act shall by Writing Houftfeolden under his or her Hand, to be left at the usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Inspector for the time being miking Gom-to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, make Complaint of any Defect of lighting or cleansing, or pUim of defect-Want of Repair in the Pavement, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or other public xXhtbTsur- Passages or Places, the said Surveyor or Inspector in every such case shall inquire into and examine the Matter veyor to view it, of Complaint and Report thereupon to such Commissioners at their next Meeting; and if by such Report it and ifdefedhw shall appear that the Pavement complained of is bad and defective, unless it shall arise from a Defect relating to give Notice to to the Water Pipes lying under such Pavement, the said lad mentioned Commissioners shall give Notice to their Contrador. Contractor or Pavior to repair the fame within such time as the fame Commissioners shall judge necessary, which time shall be specified in such Order 5 and if the Contrador or Pavior to whom such Order shall be given shall not repair and amend such Pavement within the time directed by such Order, he shall in every such case forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain Penalty, unrepaired after the time limited by such Order, and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Inhabitant so making Complaint, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, to be applied by them for the Purposes of this Act; and if it shall appear by such Report that the Contract for cleansing or lighting shall not be duly performed, the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall forthwith give Directions for recovering the Penalty under such Contract.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Signs, Sign Pods, Gutters and Screens, which uow are, or at For preventing any time hereafter shall be placed against any of the Houses or other Buildings now erected or erecting, or ?n?oacllI5fntS hereafter to be erected or built within the several Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places aforesaid, shall be fixed close to the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses and Buildings to which they shall respectively belong, and not otherwise, and that the respective Occupiers of any such Houses or other Buildings as aforesaid, shall at their own Charges, within such time and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall from time to time, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Three or Notice to r«-more of them (to be delivered to such respective Occupiers, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses) order move Signs, kc. and direct* cause all Signs which may belong to and shall not be fixed or placed upon such respective Houses or other Buildings in manner aforesaid, to be taken down and fixed or placed flat on the Fronts thereof, and all Signs, Irons, Sign Polls and other Pods, Pent Houses, Screens, Spouts, Steps, Shop Windows and Cellar Windows and other Incroachment*, Obflrudions, Projections and Annoyances which may hereafter be made by any such Occupiers or other Persons, in, upon or near, or attached to any such respective Houses or other Buildings, contrary to the Meaning of this Act, to be removed, altered or reformed, and also to cause the Water to be conveyed fropi the Roofs, Cornices and Pent Houses which belong to such respective Houses or other Buildings, by prQper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks, to be affixed to the Sides of such Houses and other Buildings respectively, and from thence by proper Drains into the Common Drains or Sewers; and in Occupier recafe any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for exe- fusing., eating this Act to cause the same to be done; and if such Occupier shall refuse to pay the Costs and Charges Costi levied by attending the fame, the said last mentioned Commissioners shall cause such Costs and Charges to be levied Dy Di ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby required and authorized to grant^) rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be To difurained ana fold; and if the Tenant in Possession of any such House or other Building shall remove, alter or reform any such Encroachments, Obstructions, Projections or Annoyances as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the fame Commissioners (except such as shall be put up or occasioned by such Tenant) it shall be lawful for every such Tenant to dedud and retain the Charges ana Expences thereof out of his or her Rent, and the Landlord of every such House or other Building is hereby required to allow, the fame accordingly; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Com-56 G*o.HL 6 R missioners

104* C. ra8.

56° GEORGII BL

A-0.18fi 6#

Stopping up Cellar Window* by CommiifioMr*.

CommfttTohei1* inky lllow Por-ticoa, Cdonades, See. to project orer Footways onder erttkfa Jtagufitfobt.

CointnHBonera nay authorise fooje&ions, Virandas, fee.

Market Street may be made, <|ply a Footway.

Union Court may be (hut up. Occasioning Nuisancea.

nriffidners to flop up duty CelHnr Window where there shall be n6 other Way from the Street or other public Paflkge or Place into such Cellar, tinless the said Commissioners shall make or provide some other commodious Way into such Cellar; and in case the Pallisado, Fence or Railing for Separating the Area of any House or other Building firotn the Way or Passage shall be broken down or out of Repair, and the Owner or Occupier of such House or other Building shall not forthwith (being thereunto required by Writing, signed by the Surveyor or Clerk of the said Commissioners for executing this A A for the time being) let up, amend or repair Such Pallisado, Fence or Railing, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners from time to time to cause the fatae to be set up, amended and repaired or altered, in such manner as they shall judge necessary, and levy the Charges and Expences attending the fame upon or from the Owner or Occupier of every such House or other Building by Distress and Sale, in like manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture it by this Act authorized to be levied.; .; / 1T

XXVIII. And Whereas it may be expedient that Porticos, Arcades, Colonades or other covered tWye,

should be allowed to extend over the Footways of some of the Said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways,

Courts, Passages and Places, and that Bow Windows, Shop Windows, Alcoves, Balconies, and other ofn*-

mental Projections should be allowed to be advanced to the Fronts of the Areas, provided such Portico*

Ctflonades, Arcades, or other covered Ways, Bow Windows, Alcoves, Balconies, or other ornamental Pro5-

je&ions, be made of Brick, Stone, Metal or other incombustible Materials Be it therefore further enacted, liiat it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act to authorize and permit the budding or erecting and making of any Porticos, Arcades, and other covered Ways, projeAing from any Buildings or Houses, which shall or may be built on the Sides of the said New Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts^ Passages or Places, extending over any Footways of the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, provided the fame do not obfuruA or incommode the Foot Passengers, and that the Footways under the fame be at iealt Nine Feet broad in the Clear between the Columns, Piers or other Supports of such Porticos, Colonades, Arcades or other covered Ways, in the new Street leading from Pall Mall to the New Road, rind Six Feet broad it the lead in the other Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, and the raising of the Areas of the Houses or other Buildings before which the same are phreed; land provided fudh Colonades, Arcades, Porticos and covered Ways, be built of Stone, Brick, or Metal, or StU«£o or Cement laid on Brick or Stone, except the Joists and Bearers which form the Covering over the said FooN pith, Which may be of Wood, covered with Haller or Stucco or other uninflammable Composition, and so as that jail fuAi Pbtticos, Colonades, Arcades and other covered Ways, shall be made in such manner, and upon flldh Plans, and of such Dimensions, as shall be ordered and directed or authorized and allowed by the said Commissioners in that behalf 5 any thing m any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Houses or Buildings in the Cities Of London or Westminster to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for*w*e-cuting this Act to authorize and permit the ereAing or making, or continuing or fullering to remain, the Fronts of any Houses 6r Buildings in the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, in such dumber as that some Fronts may recede behind or advance before others, and with Bow Windows or other Prqjections, and with Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilasters, Columns and Shop Windows, or other 'Projections; provided that no Front of any such House or Building, or any such Viranda, Alcove, Balcony, PHaRer, Column or Shop Window, or other Pfoiections, advance beyond the Area of the House or Building to which it (Udl Belting, and that the fame be built of Stone, Brick, Metal or Stucco, or other Cement laid on Brick or Stone, except Shop Windows, with their Shutters and Decorations, which may be of Wood 5 any thing m any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Buildings or Houses, or Bow Windows, or other Prqjections to tfe contrary notwithstanding.^l

XXX. And Whereas the Avenues to and from the Opera House, and the Accommodation of the 'PdbHc 4 referring thereto, will be greatly improved, if the whole of the said Building is surrounded with a Stone or

Iron Colonade, extending over the Foothpaths in Pall Mallf Charles Street, the Hay Market and Market Lame; to efleA which it will be necessary to flop up so much of Market Lane as extends from PaB Mall to Charles Street> as a Street or Way for Carriages, and to convert it into an open Arcade or covered Way:

And Whereas the whole of the Houses on the West Side of that Part of Market Lane required to be

flopped up being already taken down, and the East Side thereof being appropriated to the Opera House,

4 no Carriage Road is required in that Part of Market Lane Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this A A to flop up so much of Market Lane as lies between Pall Mall and Charles Strut, and abutting East on the Opera House, as a Carriage Way, and to make and pave the same as a Way'for Foot Passengers only; and it shall also be lawful for such Commissioners to inclose the fame at each End with Iron Gates, to be open at all times to the Occupiers of the Houses on each.Side of the Footway, but (hut to the Rest of the Public at such Hours or times as the said last mentioned Commissioners shall order and (BreA iir that behalf; and also wholly to flop up, (hut and close the small Court called Untbn Court, leading out of the Hay Market into the Opera House, at or near the South End of the Opera Hodfe*

'XXXL And be it forther enaApd, That if any Person shall run, drive or place, or cause to be run, driven or placed any Cdach, Carriage or Waggon, Dray, Truck, Sledge, Wheelbarrow or any Carriage what foe ver, upon or over any of ((he, Foot Pavements within the Limits of this Act, or shall wilfully ride, drive or lend any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, along or upon any, of the said Foot Pavements, or shall, within any Street, Square, Circus, Terrace/Road or Highway, or other public Passage or Place within the Limits of this Act, (laughter, drnfs or'Oufc dp auySwme or other Bead, or hoop, cleanse or feald any Calk, or hew or saw any Stone, Wood, or Timber, <*r bind pr make the Wheel of any Carriage, or (hoe or bleed, dress or forty (except in cases of Accident) any Hoffe or other Bead, or drive any Carriage or Carriages for the Purpose of break-

- r — ing

Aifi.'iS'ifc.

GEOfcGII Hi

C. 128.

Horse, Mare, or Gliding, or ride any Horse, Mane or Gelding for the Ftpppfe ef siring or die sanae, or for trying or shewing the fame for Sale in any such Street, Square* Circus, Terrace, Road. w... way or public Passage (otherwise than by passing through the fame), or set, place or expose to Safo'zuy Goods, Wares or Merchandize, either in the Footway or Carriageways belonging or to belong to any of the said Streets, Squares, CirculTes, Terraces, Roads, or Highways or other public Passages or Plages* every Person so offending in any such case shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and also that if any Person or Persons shall ftft, fqreen or flack any Lime (except within such Hoard or Inclosure as herein after is mentioned) in any such Street, Square, Circus, Terrace, Road, or highway, Paffege or Place, or cause the same to be so done, he and they feall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.: .*

c/XXXIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall hinder or pnevet$

any Person from erecting or building any Hoard Qr other thing by way of Inclosure, for the Purpose of making Mortar, or depositing Bricks or Stone, or making or working up any Lie, Sand, or other Materials quilting, building, altering or repairing any House, Wall or other Building, within the Limits of this Act, or fotyeft him to any Penalty on account thereof; but so nevertheless, as that every such Person shall pre* vioofly have and obtain a Licence for that Purpose, under the Hand of the Surveyor to the said Cosumfliafiefs; which Licence such Surveyor is hereby required forthwith to grant to any Person applying for the feme, and for which he shall receive the Sum of One Shilling, and no more; which Licence shall specify the Length and Breadth of every such Hoard, and the time it is to continue for such Purposes as aforesaid; and if apy Person bad erect any Hoard or Inclosure of greater Dimensions than shall be specified ip, or shall suffer such Hoard or Inclosure to remain for any longer time than shall be allowed by such Licence, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum1101 exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day of Twenty four Honrs that such Hoard or Inclosure, or any Part thereof, ffcaU be continued, after Notice shall bffe been given by the Surveyor to take down and remove the fame.: .

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage shall be left to (food or remain in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or other public Passages or Places, with or without Horses, for any longer time than shall be pecetiary for the loading and uploading thereof; or if any Stage Coach, Poss Chaise, or other Carriages let to hire, feaU be left to stand or remain ip apy such Street, Square, Circus, Way, Court, Passage or Place, with or without Horses, for any longer time than shall be reasonable and necessary for taking up or setting down Passengers, for loading or unloading their Baggage or Other Loading (except for Repair in case of Accident); or if any Hackne[vy] Coach or Hackney Chariot (hfe stand therein m order to procure Fares or obtain Hire, or longer than shall be reasonable and necessary for taking up or setting down Passengers; or if any Horse or other Cattle shall be suffered to stand at thf Door or House of any Person, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any of the said Footways; pr if any Timber, Bricks Stones, Wood, Goods or ether thing, shall be laid or placed and left to remain in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or other public Passages or Places for any longer time than shall be necessary for removing or housing the fame; or if any Dung or Afoes (except in tape of Froft) or any Dust, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance, shall be thereon cast or laid in any of the said Streets, ftguares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or other public Passages or Places, and suffered to pepsin for any leader fefoe than shall be necessary for removing the fame, then and in every such case fee Owner or Driver t>£every such Carriage, and the Owner of such Timber or other things as aforesaid, and the Person who shall throw, cast, or lay any Dong, Allies, Dust, Dirt or other Nuisance or Annoyance as aforesaid, or otherwise offend in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.; and if any fetch Timber or other things, or such Dung, A fees, Dust, Dirt or other Ninfence or Annoyance, shall be fpffered to remain in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or other public Passagep ^QWJpfeces, longer than shall be necessary as aforesaid, the Surveyor to be employed by the said Commissioners fe thereby authorized and empowered to cause the same to be removed to such Place -as be fegll think proper, apd/the Expence thereof shall be paid by the Person liable to die Payment of the said Penalty, and shall and Jtay, in case of Nonpayment on Demand, be recovered in a like maimer as any Penalty is hereby authorized and ^grafted to be recovered.

i, rXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Scavenger or other Person shall sweep, rake or place, or \iwmfe to be swept, raked or placed, any of the Mud, Dirt, Dust, Afees, Filth or Soil, to be found in any m said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, or other public Passages or Places, or brought therein into any Com-epem Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel thereunto belonging; but every such Person shaft place* .sweep or rake^the feme together, so as to lie at the Di(lance of Ten Feet at the lead from each of the Gcatts .belonging or to he '(feced over such Common Sewers, Drains or Tunnels, and at the Distance of Three Feet at theferff from the Channel, where the Width of the Street, Lane or Place will admit thereof; and that no Person shall use orequploy any Cart or other Carriages, in or about the cleansing or watering my of the said Streets, iSquanes, Cir* lfCdfea, Ways, Courts, or other Passages or Places, or in carrying any Dirt, Dust, Cinders or Afees out otf the feme, unless the Fellies of the Wheels of such Cart or other Carriage shall be of the Breadth or Gauge of Sfe^Inches at the lead; and if any Person shall offend in any of the cases aforesaid, every such Person fegU for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pottods, One Moiety thereof to go and be paid the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said Commissioners. j' n \ r -

-rf

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall begin to empty any Privy, or to take, or carry ySWay any hfight Soil, or bring or place any Carts for removing the fame, worn may House, Plaes or Budding, ibaady rafted, now erecting or hereafter to be rafted, built or mate within the Lawks of this Act, before fee Hour of Twelve in the Tlight, orfefcll continue to tahemwnyriw fomrrfterfeQ ftfcwwrxtf Bw tin the'6 R 2 Morning,

43

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Hoards may be erected.

Licence.

Fee.

PMdcy-

Leaving Carriages, See. Throwing Dust, &c. into the Streets.,

Eaceptioa.

[Penalty.]

Commissioner* may remove Dust, Stc. laid in Street, and charge Eipeacas on Person laying the fame there. Dirt not to be swept into ray Condition"Sew£r# or within a certain Distance «4 any Gutter or Channel.

[Penalty.]

Regulation eeto Night Soil

f$44

mxjscmnbj.

p*nJV;

*v > rV. Ssttrtafesvs*

Duty.

Notict by Sea vengcf to Sur veyw: .,

Ptzuhy.

Regulations for repairing Water Pipes.

Neglefi in repairing Pipes rtd Pavement.

[Penalty.]

Notice to Surveyor to relay Pavement.*

Penalty,

Ants td repair Pavement.

Penalty. Neglecting to acquaint Con-rractor ^ith Notice.

[Penalty.]

Pavement taken up for repairing Water Pipes, to be relaid.

Morning/ between Michaelmas and Lady Day, eft after the Hour of Four ift the Morning, between Lady Day and Michaelmas, and that no Person shall put or caff, ' or cause to be put or cad, any such Night Soil out of any Cart, Tub or otherwise, within the Limits of this Act; and if any Person shall offend herein, he shall far every such Offence forfeit and pay any Stmf not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety thereof to .go and be paid to the Informer. 1'-1 <*'- -v -'w. I 1: 'ivs'-f j'jin.oqq.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons contrafting with the said Commissioners for executing

this Act, for cleansing the said Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts and other publio Passages or Places as aforesaid, shall once in every Fourteen Days, or oftener if such Commissioners shall so direct, between the Hours of Three in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, attend in all and every the Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act, and shall give One Day's Notice at lead in Writing to the Surveyor to such Commissioners, specifying the particular Day in every Week when they are to attend in each of the said respective Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts, public Passages or Places, for the Purposes aforesaid, of which the said Surveyor shall make an Entry in a Book, and such Surveyor shall on that Day inspect the said Streets and other Places, to fee if the Work is properly performed, and shall make an entry thereof in the fame Book ? and the Person so contrafting shall also, upon the Red tie ft of any of the Inhabitants, or their Servants or Lodgers, go into all and every the Houses and other Places where any Dirt, Dust, Cinders or Ashes shall be deposited, and take and carry away the fame; and if any Person so contrafting, or any of the Persons to be employed by him, shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall forfeit and pay for every Neglect or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Person complaining, and the other Moiety be applied for the Purposes of this Act. i 'll TOO , KrtI 1C

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Pipe belonging or to belong to any

of the Water Companies who now furnish or shall hereafter furnish any of the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Water, shall happen to burst or be out of Repair, in any of the Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places within the Limits of this Act, the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any other Person or Persons to be by them appointed for that Purpose, shall forthwith cause the Pavement to be taken up, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue by reason of the bursting or breaking of any such Pipe; and when, upon taking up the Pavement and opening the Ground, it shall appear to what Water Company such Pipe shall belong, then the Surveyor of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or such other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, shall give Notice to the Pavior of such last mentioned Company, or leave the fame at his last or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe shall belong is hereby required to repair or cause to be repaired such Water Pipe, and to fill in the Ground over the fame, in such manner as the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for executing this Act for the time being shall direct, within Two Days next after such Notice shall be so given or left as aforesaid; and in case the Pavior to the Company to whom such defective Pipe shall belong, shall refuse or neglect to amend or repair such Pipe, and fill in the Ground, in such manner as the said Surveyor shall direct as aforesaid, for the Space of Two Days next after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Person guilty of such Neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Poupds; and if any Pipe (other than such as shall belong to any such Water Company) shall happen to break or burst m any of the said Streets, Squares, Cireuffes, Ways* Crftrts, Passages or Places, the Owner or Owners thereof shall cause the Ground to be opened, and such Pipe to be repaired, within the rime hereinbefore respectively limited for such Purposes, and also shall forthwith giveNoticr to the Surveyor of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or such other Person or Persons so appointed by them as aforesaid, to relay the Pavement so broken or taken up, on pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; or if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up by the Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person or Persons, for the Purpose of making, repairing orialtering any Sewer or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Surveyor for the time being to such Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, &aU forth- with give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Paving Contraftor or Contractors, appointed or'employed; by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, to relay or repair the Pavement so broken or taken up as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if the said Surveyor to or for whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse So acquaint the Paving Contraftor or Contractors appointed by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, with such Notice, or if such Contraftor or Contractors shall not, within Two Days next after such Noticofrofo Jjttch Surveyor or other Person or Persons respectively, relay or repair the fame, then and in every such case; th* Person or Persons so respectively offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and the further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue without being relaid or repaired, after the Expiration of the said Two Days.*. ?

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Pavement of any of the said Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Passages, Ways, Courts or Places shall be taken up for the Purpose of laying, altering or repairing any Water Pipe or Plug, the said Pavement shall with all convenient Speed be relaid and repaired'by the JPa-vior or Paviors contraaing with or employed by the said Commissioners for executing this Act r; and: the Expence of taking up, relaying and repairing such Pavement, shall be borne and paid by the Cocnpany.cxr Companies, Person or Persons to whom such Pipe or Plug shall belong; but if for the Purposes of tins Act it shall at any time be found necessary to rife, fink or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the said Companies, or to alter any Sewers, Drains, Gully Holes or Grate*, within the limits of this Act, the same shall be dose with as little Detriment or Inconsrnience to the Corapeny

or

jcp gedkxmm

Beifon or Pfcriuff* K><wh*nad* Ame «nfl the Erf pence thereof shall be defrayed by the fafojaft'fwpi arffihgbr virtue«T thidA«*>: /. «!, !*- - r-», ni/i; ..jW/v^ w .\, t / '.)

k XXXIX.' And be it fiftther enabled* That the Person or Persons who now is or are, or mall hereafter be appointed Pavior or Paviors, Turncock or Turncocks to the said respective Water Companies within the £iiniti of this Act, &aU a&d they sir* hereby required, within the Space of Forty Days after the passing of tm A&i or wkh&a the Space of Seven Days next after hp or they shall be appointed Pavior or Paviors, Turncock. or Turncocks to such Company olr Companies, -to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Surveyors Of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, far tie time being, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be by them appointed for that Purpose, which Notice shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of every fttdt Pavior* 6r Turncock* as also to what Company he is a Pavior or Turncock; and in what District he has the JCare t>f the PipeA7hJeldngittg)to such Company or Companies; and in like manner the Surveyor or Surveyors foe the time being to the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall, within the respective times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors or Turncocks of the said several Water Companies, and also to the Sur-tctci qc Surveyors to the Commissioners of Sewers, of his or their own Place or Places of Abode, and like wife drain Namfcs and Places of Abode of such Paving Contractor or Contra6lors, or Person or Persons employed S^Psturt or Paviors. by the said Commissioners for executing this Act 5 and every Person neglecting or refuting to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the times before respectively specified, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sewer, Gully Hole or Drain, which shall or may be under the Direction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, in any of the said Streets, Squares, CircuiTes, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places within the Limits of this Act, shall require to be repaired, altered, cleanied or emptied, or any new or additional Sewer, Gully Hole or Drain, shall be necessary to be made* or any new or additional Grate to be put mid placed over any Sewer* Gully Hole or Drain, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuffee, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places, or any old Grates over the same shall inquire to be repaired, removed or altered, then and in every such case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall witfcrn Three Days next after Notice given or left for their Surveyor for the time being, at his lask or usual Place of Abode, signed by the Surveyer to the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, cause such' Sewer, Gully Hole or Drain to be repaired, altered, cleanied or emptied, and such new and additional Grates to be made and put down, and such old Grates to be repaired, removed or altered; and in default tJieteoHt shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, or their Surveyor, to ettife such Sewer, Gully Hole or Drain to be repaired, altered, clean fed or emptied, or such new and addition*! Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired, removed or altered, as the case may inquire, or £0 much of the said Works to be completed as shall remain unfinished: Provided always, that the Charges and Expence of relaying'Or repairing the Pavements which shall be broken or taken up for the Barcode of repairing or amending any Pipe, shall be paid to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and that the Charges and Expences of making, repairing, altering, cleansing or emptying any such Sewer or Drain, and of making or putting down any such ucw or adtkuoual Grates, and altering or repairing such old Grates, and of relaying and repairing, the Pavement so broken or taken up for any of the Purposee aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or to such Person or Persons as they shall, at any such Meeting as aforesaid, appoint to receive the same, by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or by the Person or Fecfons who shall take or cause the said Pavement to be taken up for the Purposes aforesaid; and in case the (Baker-or Owners of such Pipe as aforesaid, or the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Commissioner* of Sewers, car1 other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid out or $fbur£bd.ibr the Purposes aforesaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Ckek to the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and left at their respective Dwelling. Hbnfes, or lad or usual Place of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto (which Bill shall contain an Account of such Charges and Expences), then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commis? fionera for putting this Act in Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to hring or cause ta be brought an Action against any or either of the respective Persons aforesaid, for the Recovery of ijuch Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall have so laid out and expended for the Purposes aforesaid.; , r j u

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execqtion may, and as* hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to appoint such Number of Watchmen and Patroles, to be employed within the Limits of this Act, for so long time in the Night, Under such Regulations and for such Wages, as they shall think proper, and to provide them with proper Arms, Ammunition, Weapons and Clothing, for the Discharge of their Duty; and if any Watchman or Patrole appointed ns aforesaid shall rafale or neglect to perform his Duty* or shall in auywife misbehave himself in the Execution of his Office, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence...

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Watchmen to be appointed as afoilesaid shall, during the time of their being upon Duty, use their utortfl Endeavours to prevent any Mifohief by Fire, and also any Bur-

Robberies, Affrays or other Outrages and Disorders, within the Limit* of this Act; and that nihal) ful for the said Watchmen, or any of theft), and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, while on Duty, to apprehend and secure all Malefo&drs, Rogues, Vagabonds and other disorderly Persons, within the Limits of this Act, who shall disturb the public Peace, r or whom they shall have canfe to suspect of any evil Deigns, and to focure mad keep in lifer Custody every Xoch Person, m order that he or she may

be

_.v; U Paviors and Turncocks to ghr* Nones of

Surveyors.

/J*; u*

Surveyors give Notice eff* their Abodes to Paviors and of Abodes of Contractors.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners of Sewers to repair Drains under ihtrr Drnir-'

? <3

Owners «f Kpa* to pay the Expences of repairing them. - '7

Negh&iogtp,

pay the

Conunjfliceww may bring.As-

Watchmen to ha

appointed.

Neglect of Duty Penalty.

Duty of Wsteh-

IO0

Victuallert har. Wooridg Wttch-IMH. '

[Penalty.]

Rites to be laid

on Houses, &c.

Rites.

3uM«s, 4c. how rated.

How the yeaily Value of Houses, &c. Is toteaC-

Commence men t of Rates.

Empty Houses to be charged with Half Rates.

C.I28.

6° GEORGII in.

A.D. 1816.

M fcofctt*red in fdbn in fcoUftAitontlr may be, before fone Justica of the Peace for tfee County of Middhj&oc. City of Westminster to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and if any Victualler or Keeper of any Public House mall knowingly harbour or entertain any Watchman to be employed within the Limits of this Act, or permit or suffer any Watchman to be and remain in his House during any Part of the time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper of every such Public House shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIII. And for raising Money to enable the said Commissioners appointed and to be appointed by virtue of this Act to carry the several Purposes of this Act into Execution 5 be it further enacted, That one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall for the Purpose of pavings cleaning, lighting, watering and watching the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other putnic Passages and Places, which shall be within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissionera under this Act, and for carrying the feteral Purposes of this Act in relation thereto into Execution, shall be laid, rated and assessed by the said la It mentioned Commissioners once in every Year if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every Persons and Person who do Or shall inhabit, bold or occupy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building or Tenement, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Pat (ages and Places, in such Sum or Sums of Money as such Commissioners shall order and direct, and that one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall for the Purpose of forming, making, epclosing, planting, ornamenting and embellishing the Centres or Areas of the said Squares and Circuffes, be in like manner laid, rated and assessed, upon all and every Persons and Person who shall inhabit, hold or occupy any House and Building erected and built, or to be erected and built, and encompefling the said Squares and Circuffes, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order or direct, but Co nevertheless as that such Rate dt Rates, Assessment or Assessments, do not exceed in the whole in any one Year the several Sums of Money next herein after mentioned; (that is to say) for paving, repairing, clean sing, watching sad lighting the said several Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, the Sum 01 Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings and Tenements, which are or Audi be situate within the Limits of this Act; and for watering such Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Psflages and Places, the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Houses and Buildings as are or shall be erected and built in or about such Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Passages and Puces which shall from time to time be watered in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, and for forming, malting, enclosing, ornamenting and embellishing the Centres, Areas or Middle Spaces of the said Squares and Circufles which shall be laid out and made within the Limit* of this Act, and for supporting and maintaining the fame, after the Rate of Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the yearly Reat or Value of such Houses and Buildings as are or shall be erected in such respective Squares, Circufles or Places; in the making of which said several Rates or Assessments, the Stables, Coach Houses, Erections and other Buildings, which shall belong to or be respectively held and occupied with any of the Houses erected or to be erected or situatt in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, shall be respectively rated together and along with such Houses, and not as separate Buildings; and that the said Commfffloners shall cause separate and distinct Accounts to be kept of the Produce of the said respective Rates abd Assessments, and the Application of the fame respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Annual Value of all such Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vauth^' Buildings and Tenements, so to be respectively rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall be settled and ascertained according to the real Rack Rent or full yearly Value thereof 5 and the First Year, for which such Rates at Assessments as aforesaid shall be made, shall commence for or in respect of such Houses or other Buildings as now are, or shall be* then erected, built and tiled, dated or covered in, within the Limits of this Act, and paved in Front thereof, from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and for and in respect of all such Houses or Buildings hereafter to be erected or built within the Limits of this Act, which mall not be tiled, flated or covered in, and paved in Front thereof as aforesaid on the said Twenty fourth Day of June, shall commence from the next Quarter Day after the same shall be so tiled, flated or covered in, and tfhe Pavements made in Front thereof as aforesaid; and the Money so rated and assessed, under or in pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time be paid to the Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, at such time and times in every Year, and in such manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall order and direct, and shall be paid over by such Collectors into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any of the said Houses or other Buildings shall, at the time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty or unoccupied, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act to rate and assess such Preraife* respectively at One Half of such Rates and Assessments, and no more, during the time only such Premiset shall be empty or unoccupied; and also in case such Premises, after the making of any such Rate or Assessment, shall become empty or unoccupied. One Half only of such Rates or Assessments shall be charged on such Premises respectively, for and during so long time as the same shall continue empty and unoccupied 5 and then and in every such case the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereou, shall be paid by the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to such Premises, or by the First or any other Tenant or Occupier thereof, but such Tenant or Occupier shall not be liable or compellable to pay more than One Year's Rates or Assessments due at the time of his entering thereon in respect of such Premises; and every such Tenant or OceUpier shall and may and is hereby authorized to deduct and retain the fame out of his or her Rent* and the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to filth Premises is and ace hereby required to allow such Do-

10* duftions 5

56* G1GRGII IIL

C* j «>47

dm&hm % uad that where any Hause, Building or Teoemeovin respect wheceaf any Bata or Assessetm shall W made t« aforesaid, shall be let to more than One Tenant# any One or more of fuoi Tenant# hall he deemed the Occupier or Occupier# thereof for the Purpose# of this Act; Provided also, that in all cases where any Proportion* of Per (bn shall re more from or quit any House, Building or Tenement, which shall be rated or afleifed by virtue Rate* to be paid of this Act, such Person shall be liable to pay £uch Rate or Assessment in proportion to the time that he or Person* (he occupied the feme; and in all cases where any Person shall come into or occupy any House, Building nr m<mnS* Tenement, ratted or aftefted as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person who shall hare been rated or aftefted for the feme shall be removed, or which at the time of making any Rate or Assessment was empty or unoccupied, the Person coming into or occupying the feme shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assess-

tha time that he or she occupied the feme, which feid respedr

in reaped thereof, in Proportion to Proportions, in case of Dispute, shall be settled or ascerfained by the said Commissioner for executing How settled, this Act.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Rates or Assessments to be made and laid by virtue of this Act upon or in respect of any Chapel, Meeting house, Hospital, School or other public cordbgtotbT Building, or any Wall or void Space of Ground, shall be ascertaiaed according to the Number of Square Number of Yard# of Pavemeat paved or repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched or watered, under or by virtue of this Act, Square Yards of belonging to such Chapel, Meeting House, Hospital, School or other public Building, Wall or void Space of Paving belong-Ground, mentoring the fame from such Chapel, Meeting House, Hospital, School, Budding, Wall or void ID8 thereto. Space of Ground, to the Middle of the Street, Square or Place, on which the feme shall respectively abut, and the same shall never exceed in any One Year the Sum of Nine pence for every such Square Yard; and sech Rate# or Assessment# to be made and laid upon such Chapel, Meeting House, Hospital, School or other public. Building, Wall or void 8pace of Ground, shall be paid by the Chapel wardens, Trustees or Owners or Proprietor# thereof respectively; but so, nevertheless, as that no Rate or Assessment shall by virtue of this Act be laid upon, or ooiie&ed or received for or in respect of any Wall or void Space of Ground, unlcfe the feme shall abut upon or front some Street, Lane or Place, to be paved, cleansed or lighted as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Rate or Assessment which Audi be laid or aftefted by virtue Rates of House of this Act, for or in respect of any House, Building, Coach House, Stable or Tenement, which any Ambaf- let to Ambaffedors, Resident Agent, or other public Minister, of any Foreign Prince or State, or the Servant of any Inch Ambassador, Resident Agent, or other public Minister, or any other Person not liable by Law to pay such jjj*Lan<*- Rale or Assessment, shall hereafter inhabit, shall be paid by and recoverable from the Landlord or Proprietor of every such House, Building, Coach House, Stable or Tenement, who shall for that Purpose be deeiped the Occupier thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lessee, Landlord or Owner of every House, within the Leflfce subject to Limits of thi# Ad, which is or shall or may be let out ready furaifeed to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed Rates of House* and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the Rates or Assessments directed by , et to tfe# Ad to be made, raised and levied, according to the yearly Value of the Premises, and that every Perfop rgatiqg.pr occupying any such ready furnished House as aforesaid shall be liable and compellable to the Pfty^ ment of the said Rates or Assessments, to be recovered in manner herein directed; but such Person so renting or occupying any such ready furnished House as aforesaid shall not be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments beyond the Rent actually due by him or her in respect of the said Premise % and that every sech respective Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay any such Rate or Assessment, or from whom the feme shall be recovered in pursuance of this Act, shall and may dedud the feme from and out of the next JjUnt due and payable from him, her or them, to such respective Leftee or Landlord, or Owner, and th* Re- RewJ w caipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to hi % her or their respective Landlord, for so much Money as he, she or they shall pay, or (Hall be levied on him, cKsi$*'to her<or them by virtue of this Act. Tenant. 11

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any House or Premises shall be situate partly House* partly within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this Act, and partly in any Street or place within and partly not within such Limits, such House or Premises shall be aftefted to the Rates to be raised by virtue of this th?ut*h«

Ad, for a proportionable Part only of the Rent thereof 5 and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for im, ts executing this Act, or any Person appointed by them at some Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, and they r he are or is hereby respectively authorized and required to apportion and settle at how much and what Part of the Rent of such House and Premises the ferae shall be aftefted.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Houses rated Vault, Building, Tenement or Premises, of any Sort, Kind or Description whatever, within the Limits of the th" Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this Act, and the Occupier or Owner whereof shall be rated and assessed in respect thereof by the said Commissioners, under the Provisiont of this Act, shall after the making of

sech Rate be liable to any Rate or Assessment for the like Purpose, under any other Act or Acts of Pania-ffletit; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And for the better enforciqg t}>e Payment of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, Arrears of be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons liable to pay any of the said Rates or Assessments (Kail Ratci, h^wt0* itfefe-or neglect to pay the Mosey rated or aftefted upon him, her or them, and all Arrears due thereon; or if aqy Person or Persons liable to pay any of the said Rates or Assessments shall at any time begin to remove his, btr or their Goods or Furniture from the House or Premises in his, her or their Occupation within the Limits of this Act, or to sell or dispose of feck Goods or Furniture therein by Public Auction, or fell, dispose ofj or Wry away his, her or their Goods ort Furniture 3$ aforesaid, without paying all Arrears then due or rated in relied of such House, (ra which the current Quarter Audi be considered a# due, ) that Chen and in every of the

feid

DUhcft.

Commissioners muj bring Actions for Rates.

Rate Books to be admitted Evidence.

Coumissioners may borrow Money.

Form of Mortgage.

Money may be reifod by Annuities.

Commissioners may cause Bonds or other Securities to be given for Payment of Annuities.

C. ti8. 56° GEORG!r m. AJR1R16,

fndttfa % it ffinB bt fanrfal far the£olle&or for the tine befog te the feed Oo* — ifcrwri for e — culfog that

A & to coikft and lery such Rates or Assessmeuu, and all Arrears dee there — , and the Rate or Aflcttnent for such Quarter wherein such Remoral or Sale shall begin to be made as aforesaid, although pterions to tike time for Payment of the Rate or Assessment for such Quarter, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or mors Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Muidltfiex or City of min/Ur, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refilling, or beginning to remore, take away, or fell anr such Goods or Furniture as aforesaid; and if within Fire Days nest after such Distre£s shall be made, the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears -doe thereon, together with the rcs-sonable Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall not be pud, the said Collector shall cmufo the said Goods and Chattels to be appraised and fold, or such Part thereof as shall he sufficient to pay such Ratos or Assessments, together with «ul Arrears due thereon, and the reasonaUe Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, if they shall think it more expedient, to bring or cause to be brought, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or of any One of them the said last mentioned Commissioners, any Action or Actions of Debt, or Special Action on the case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for all or any of the Rates or Assessments so to be made by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, in which Action or Actions it mall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare, that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in such Sum of Mooey as the Plaintiff shall suppose to be due; and if the Plaintiff shall recover such Sum so declared for, or any Part thereof, he shall have full Cods, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered; in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Books of Rates to be delivered by the Collector or other Officers to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and all Entries afterwards made therein, or examined Copies thereof respectively, shall be received in Evidence of the Rates imposed by virtue of this Act, and the Payment of such Rates, or such of them, or such Part thereof, as shall by such Entries appear to have been paid to such Collectors.

LIV. And for the more speedily raising Money for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Dud Commissioners for executing this Act, and they are hereby empowered from time to time, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the Ratos or Assessments hereinbefore granted; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign over the said Rates or Assessments, or any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Monies, or his or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Money Co to be borrowed, together with Interest for the fame j and every such Mortgage or Alignment may be according to the Form following 5 (videlicet, )

BY virtue of an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [fit forth the Title of this Act-\ We being

of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, for paving, cleaning, lighting, watering and watching the Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, withm the Limits mentioned in the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and lent

by A\ B. to C.D. (the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act) upon the Credit of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid, do grant and assign unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the said Rates or Afiemmmts, as the said Sum of doth or mall bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be bor-

rowed upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments to be had and holden from this Day, until the said Sum of with Interest of per Centwm phr Amutm for the fame, to be paid Half Yearly, shall be repaid and satisfied* In Witness whereof, We have hereunto let our Hands and Seals, this Day of

And every such Assignment shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall think it advisable to raise all or any Part of the Money necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for executing this Act any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payble during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life ot every such Person or Persons who shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money; so that no such separate Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall cause a Bond or Note, or other Security, under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of them, to be delivered to every Person advancing any Part of the said Monies for Payment of such Annuities in respect thereof; which Bonds* Notes or other Securities, shall be assignable by Indorsement; and which said several Annuities so to be purchased shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of the Rates or Assessments hereinbefore mentioned, and shall be made payable and paid Quarterly during the natural Lives of such Contributors

Ai&iiQjA.

jff OEJMICtiCD m?

ai8i

respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by* such respective Contributors, and a proportional Part of such Annuity shall be paid from the last Quarter Day of Payment preceding the Death of the Annuitant, Or his cejlui que vie, up to the Day of his Decease.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That'it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to grant unto their Chief Clerk or Secretary for the time being, any Bond or Bonds, under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, each Bond to be conditioned for the Payment of the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which Bonds shall be likewise charged upon and paid out of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Monies to be raised by Means thereof, with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum,

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Chief Clerk or Secretary for the time being, by and with the Direction of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to make sale and dispose of all and every or any such Bond or Bonds so to be granted to such Chief Clerk or Secretary as aforesaid, either by Public Sale or Private Contract, unto any Person or Persons, for the belt Price or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had or obtained for the fame, and to apply the Money thence arising for or towards the carrying this Act into Execution: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed, confirmed, taken or extend to make the said Commissioners who shall sign, execute or give any of the Bonds, Assignments or other Securities, so hereby authorized or directed to be given, personally or their respective Estates, Lands or Tenements, Goods and Chattels, liable to the Payment of any of the Monies so to be borrowed, or Annuities so to be granted, in pursuance of this Act, by reason of their giving or executing any such Bonds, Assignments or other Securities as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that no greater Sum in the Whole than Sixty thousand Pounds shall be raised by Loan or Mortgage, or by the Sale, or granting of any such Bonds or Annuities as aforesaid, for any of the Purposed aforesaid; and that before any such Money shall be borrowed, or any such Bond fold, or Annuity granted, Fourteen Days' Notice at the lead shall be given in some Newspapers published in London or Westminster, signifying the Intention of borrowing such Money, or granting such Annuities.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities or Orders for the Monies borrowed, or for the Annuities granted and ordered to be paid as aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands indorsed thereon, to transfer the fame respectively to any Person or Persons, according to the Form following;

T A, B- do hereby assign the within Mortgage [or, Bond for the Payment of the

within mentioned Annuity] and all my Right and Title in and to the Principal Money and Interest [or,

Annuity, and all Arrears now due thereon by virtue of the within written Bond] thereby secured unto C. Z>.

his Executors, Administrators and Assigns. Dated the Day of

And Entries or Memorials of all Mortgages or Assignments, and Bonds for the Payment of Annuities, which shall be made in manner aforesaid, and of all Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at length the Names, Additions, Places of Abode and other proper Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from time to time be entitled to the Principal Money and Interest, or the Annuities thereby respectively secured, shall be entered in»Bdok to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commimoners for executing this Act 5 to winch iBook any Person interested shall at all seasonable times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the dsme, without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer or Assignment the said Clerk shall toe paid Five Shillings and no more; and every such Transfer or Asignment, after such Entry thereof as aforesaid, (halh entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her or their Executors, Adtainistratorsand Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments, or Bonds for any Annuities, shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money or Annuities thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Rates or Assessment* equally One with another, without any Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages, Afliguments or Bonds respectively.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to arise by or from the said Rates or A(fe(fment9, and which may be borrowed or advanced upon or received for the Purchase of any Annuities on the Credit or Security thereof, shall be applied in paying and discharging the Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards from time to time in paying the Interest of the Principal Money to be borrowed, and the Annuities to be granted as aforesaid, and in paying and discharging the several Purchase Monies, and in making the several Compensations and Satisfactions hereinbefore directed, and in making such Allowances to the several Persons who shall have paved any of the said Streets, Squares or other public Passages or Places, and in defraying the Expences of forming, inclosing, making, raising in, ornamenting and embellishing the said Centres or Areas of the said Squares and Circuffes, and of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching and watering the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, and of earning this Act into Execution in relation thereto, and in paying off the said Principal Money, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

LXI. And, in order that no undue Preference may be given to any of the Persons entitled to the Principal Monies which shall be borrowed and secured on the Crfcait of the said Rates or Assessments, in discharging such Principal Money in pursuance of this Act; be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Money to be raised by the said Rates or Assessments shall amount to a Sum sufficierit to discharge One Fortieth Part of the Principal Money so to be borrowed or advanced as aforesaid, (over and above what shall be necessary to pay the growing Interest upon the said Principal Money, and the Annuities which may be secured or granted

56 Geo. III.' 6»upon

Commissioners may grant Bonds to their Clark otr Secretary.

Power to fell such Boods.

ComtnHBonm not personally liable.

Money borrowed not to exceed 6o, ooooL '

Mode of transc-ferring Securities.

Form of Transfer.

Entries or Memorials of all Mortgage*, See, to be entered in a Book.

Fee for Entry.

Application of the Money arising from Rates.

Creditors to be paid by Belloc

1050

Notice to Persons whose Money is to be paid ok

Power to borrow Money at lower Interest to discharge Securities at higher.

Commissioners annually to make out Account of Receipts and Disbursements. Recovery of Penalties.

If not sufficient Distress.

Imprisonment.

Commissioners in Commission of the Peace may act as Justices.

Inhabitants may give Evidence.

Commissioners to sue or be lued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

Conviction.

Forrh of Conviction.

C. 128. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

upon the aforesaid Rates or Assessments in ptirfuance of this Act, and the Expences hereinbefore provided for), the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall cause the Number of all the Mortgages, Alignments or Securities to be granted or made, and then in force for securing the Principal Monies borrowed, or which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distiuft Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers to be rolled up in the same manner as near as may be, and put into a Box or Glass, and One Number of the said Mortgages, Assignments or Securities shall be drawn out of the said Box or Glass by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in the Presence of Three or more of such Commissioners: Provided always, that if it shall happen that any Mortgage, Alignment or Security, the Number whereof shall be drawn out as aforesaid shall be for a greater Sum than One hundred Pounds, no more than One hundred Pounds shall be discharged in consequence of such Number being so drawn.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall cause a Notice fiigned by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons whose Principal Money shall be intended to be paid off, which Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the fame will be paid at the Place to be mentioned in such Notice at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid, and the Interest of the Principal Money so to be paid off shall, from and after the End of the said Six Calendar Months, cease, and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Principal Money shall be demanded, pursuant to such Notice, and not paid, but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof, to the End of the said Six Calendar Months, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners for executing this Act can at any time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money, at a lower Rate of Interest than the Mortgages, Alignments or Securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners, from time to time, to charge the said Rates or Assessments, in manner aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the Interest thereof, at such lower Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Mortgages, Assignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall, at their Second Meeting in every Year, cause an Account of the Monies received and disbursed in the preceding Year, and the Amount of the Arrears of Rates then due, and of the Balance of Cash in Hand, to be made out, which Account it shall be lawful for all Persons rated or assessed under and by virtue of this Act to the Rates or Assessments aforesaid, and all Persons interested therein, at all seasonable times to inspect.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures hereinbefore imposed (the manner of recovering which is not hereby otherwise directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, upon Confession of the Party, or upon the Information of any credible Witness upon Oath; and such Penalties and Forfeitures (or such of them, or such Part thereof, as are or is not directed to be otherwise applied by this Act) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and applied for such of the Purposes aforesaid, as such Commissioners shall think proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction within such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Commissioners as are or shall be Justices of the Peace may act a9 Justices in all Matters under the Authority of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners; and that in all cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are authorized by this Act to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is ?uid are hereby required to administer such Oath, or to take any Affirmation.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, Causes and Proceedings whatsoeverj relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, no Person residing within the Limits of this Act shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence, by reason of such Person being charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act; and that the said Commissioners for executing this Act may sue or be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk; and that no Action to be brought by or against the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk; but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the time being to such Commissioners shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the case shall be.

LXVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in any other Form to the fame Effect, as the case shall happen; that is to say,

1 ' TIL it remembered} That on [time of Conviction\ at [Place of

to wit. J«Conviction\ A.B. [Name of Offender] of [ Addition of Offender] was duly convicted be-< fore me [or, us] [Name and Style of convicting Justice or Justices] for that the said A.B. [Name of Off ' fender] on [time of committing Offence] at [ Place of committing Offence] did [here flate the Offence

7*against

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 128. 1051

again/! the A3 according to the Fad"] contrary to the Form of the Statute made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, \here set forth the Title of thit A8T\ and I, or 4 We, do therefore declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. [Name of Offender] has forfeited for the fame Offence, the Sum of [Fine*] or, shall be committed to [Place of Imbrifonment] for the Space of [tiihe of Imprisonment.] Given under my Hand and Seal, [or, our Hanas and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.'

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself ag- Appeal tn Com-grieved by any such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, he or me having first paid the said Rate or Assessment, may appeal to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, at their next Meeting to be holden after the Payment of such Rate or Assessment; and such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable; and if any such Person shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of and to Quarter the said Commissioners therein, or if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any other matter or SeffioBs. thing to be done in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, every such Person may appeal to the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County, City, or Liberty, where the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving Fourteen Days' Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to make such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Five Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, City or Liberty, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions 5 and the Justices at such Session6 shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or ap- Costs award*!, pealed against as they shall think proper, and their Determination thereon shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, or any Proceeding to be had touching any R»tea or Pro-Order made, or other matter or thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to any Complaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon as aforesaid, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be Jjf Form. °* removed or removable into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process Certiorari, whatsoever 5 any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any p)aintiflrshall Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceeding, made or committed in Execution of this Act, if sufficient not recover after Tender of Amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused Tender of fuf-to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought 5 and fic, cnt Amen* in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Actions, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be had, made or given by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for Money to be levied by Distress not un-virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same lawfulforanl be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done oi Fonn* by the Party or Parties distraining 5 but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage only in an Action on the case.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Limitation of Persons for any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty eight Days' Notice thereof shall be Aaions, given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or after such sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed $ and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Middlesex> and not elsewhere; and the Defendant in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or.if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty eight Days' Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his or her Action or Suit after the Defendant shall appear, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as Treble Costs. any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other cases of Law.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Assessments authorized and allowed to be made, Rates ^er laid and assessed by the Commissioners under the last recited Act passed in the Fifty third Year aforesaid, shall 53 G. 3. c.l&ii. be laid and assessed upon all and every the Persons and Person who shall inhabit, hold and occupy the Houses, to* uPo Buildings, Premises, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings or Tenements, rfe, vod of rated and assessed under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, (except where any other or special Provision is made in the said Act in relation to the Payment of Rates) and shall and may be demanded and taken, allowed and recovered, from and upon such Tenants and Occupiers as aforesaid j any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

6 8 a 4 LXXV. And

Where Contract have been made with Com-xnissioners of Pavement, See. for Workt which will hereafter be done by the Commissioners under this Act, the Contractors Dull make an Abatement in respect of the Works left un-hnished or not performed by them.

Paving the Streets, Stc. in Saint Mary le hone ft ill subject to the Vestry. men of that Pjrish.

Watch Boxes and Lamps to be provided by the Commissioners, and afterwards kept in Repair by the Vestry men of St. Mary le bone.

Vestrymen authorized to levy a Rate on Occupiers of

C. 128. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

LXXV. And Whereat it may happen that some of the Commissionert of Pavement, Committeemen,

Vestrymen or Trustees, hereinbefore mentioned, may have entered into and be under some Contract or9Agreement which may be subsisting, and may not have expired at the time of passing this Act, with

certain Scavengers, Paviors or other Persons, for the doing and performing some of the Works within their resp<*ftive Di drifts which are by this Act authorized or directed to be hereafter done and performed

by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the Persons employed by them, or for the supplying some of the Materials for the fame, or for watering the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, 9Passages or Places, or some of them, and as such Works and Services will hereafter be performed, and such Materials provided by the Commissioners for executing this Act, so far as the same relate to the said9Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, which shall be within the Limits of their Jurisdiction under the Provisions of this Act, or by Persons by them employed, it is just and reasonable9that a proportionate Deduction or Abatement should be made to such Commissioners of Pavement, Corn-

mitteemen, Vestrymen or Trustees, by the Person or Persons who have so contrafted with them respectively, to perform such Works or Services, or to supply such Materials in respect of such Parts of the said Contrafts as will cease to be performed by them from and after the passing of this Act* Be it therefore enacted, That in every such calc the Person or Persons who shall have lo contrafted to perform such Works or Services, or to supply such Materials, shall abate and allow unto the said Commissioners of Pavement, Committeemen, Vestrymen or Trustees with whom every such Contract shall be made, out of the Monies thereby contrafted to be paid to him or them, a fair and reasonable Sum or Sums in respect of such of the said Works and Services which are hereafter to be done and performed, and of such Materials which are hereafter to be provided by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the Persons to be employed by them as aforesaid, as such Contraftor or Contractors would otherwise have been found to have done, performed or provided, under or by virtue of such Contract or Contracts if this Act had not been passed; which Sum or Sums so to be abated or allowed shall bear the same Proportion to the whole Sum or Sums which would otherwise have become due or payable under the said Contract or Contracts to any such Contraftor or Contractors for the whole of the Works or Services which would have been done and performed, and for all the Materials which would have been provided by him or them in respect of the whole District or Limit comprised in such Contract or Contracts, as the Surface or superficial Quantity of such Part of the Land or Ground comprised within the Limits of such Contract or Contracts as is hereby put under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall bear to the whole Surface or superficial Quantity of the Land or Ground comprised in, or over, or to which such Contract or Contracts shall extend; and all such Commissioners, Committeemen, Vestrymen and Trustees, are hereby authorized and empowered to retain and make such Deduction or Abatement accordingly, from and out of the Sum or Sums of Money which they would otherwise have had to pay or allow to any such Contraftor or Contractors under or by virtue of any such Contract or Contracts as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Streets, CircufTes, Ways, Places, Courts or Passages comprised within the Provisions of the said first recited Act as are situate or lie within the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone shall, notwithstanding any of the Provisions of this present Act, remain and be subject to the Order, Controul and Jurisdiction of the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone; and that the Duty, Power and Authority of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the fame Streets, Cir-cusses, Ways, Courts or Passages shall be and remain vested in the Vestrymen of the said Parish for the time being, who shall cause the fame Streets, CircufTes, Ways and Places to be well and effectually paved over, both in the Carriage and Footways, with the Materials of the present Pavement, so far as the fame will extend, and with such Quantity of new Materials as shall be requisite for that Purpose, and shall and will relay, repair and make good every Part of such last mentioned Streets, CircufTes, Ways, Courts and Passages which shall be disturbed or altered in carrying the said first recited Act into Execution, to the good Liking and Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the time being, for carrying the said first recited Act and this Act into Execution.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act shall erect, provide, place and affix such and so many good and substantial Watch Boxes for the Watchmen, and such and so many proper and substantial Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, with Lamps and Burners for lighting the fame CircufTes, Streets and Places, of such Dimensions and Quality, and at such Distances from each other, and to be painted and finished in such manner as shall accord and correspond with the Pave* ments, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes which shall be made or set up in the other Parts of such intended New Street, or as near and similar thereunto as Circumstances will permit; and that the several Watch Boxes, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, with Lamp Burners, shall for ever after the Erection thereof, by the said Commissioners so to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, be kept in repair by such Vestrymen, or by and at the Expence of the Parish of Saint Mary le bone; and that the foie Right and Property of all Pavements, Stones, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes now or at any time hereafter to be laid, erected, set up and fixed in such of the said Streets, CircufTes, Ways, Courts or Passages comprised within the Provisions of the said first recited Act, as are or shall be situate within the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, shall belong to and be and continue to be vested in the said Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone for the time being, any thing in the said first recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That towards reimbursing the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone the Expence to be incurred in new paving, or in relaying and paving the said Streets, CircufTes, Ways, Courts or Passages so to be paved by the said Vestrymen of the said rarish of Saint Mary le bone9 it shall

and

A.D. 1816.

56 GEORGII III.

C. 128. 1053"

and may be lawful to and for the Vestrymen for the time being of the said Parish to charge and assess all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy or enjoy any Dwelling House,

Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stables, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement or other Hereditament, the P1Tm8, Street or Ground in front of which shall be so new paved, with such Part of the Costs, Charges and Expence# of providing and laying down or relaying such Pavement, by way of Composition for the Tame, as is usual and customary to be charged upon or taken by Composition from any other Inhabitants of the said Parish, for er in respect of any newly erected Houses or other Buildings in the said Parish of Saint Mary lc bone % for or towards the Expences of paying the Street opposite such Houses or other Buildings, but not to or with any greater or other Part, Share or Proportion of such Costs, Charges or Expences, and to levy and raise the fame by every such Ways and Means as any other Rates or Aueffmenth or Composition can or may be levied or raised by such Vestrymen, by any Power or Authority in them vested under any Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise.

LXXIX. And Whereas such of the Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments which are intended to be taken and used under the Provisiona and for the Purposes of the said first recited Act as are situate ' in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, or are rated to that rarish, do now Hand assessed and rated in the ' Books of the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, for or towards the paving, lighting and watching the Streets and other Places in the said Parish, as being altogether of the Yearly Rent or Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds; and in order to prevent any Loss or Diminution to the said Parish in such Rental, by reason of the carrying the said first recited Act into Execution, or any additional Burthen being impofea by the said Parish, in respect of any Increase in the Rental by the Buildings and Improvements which may be made in the Execution of the said Act, it hath been agreed, that for all the Purposes of rating and

asse fling the same to the several Rates and Assessments for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and re*

pairing the several Streets and Squares within the said Parish, or rated thereto, the said Houses, Buildings,

Lands and Hereditaments so to be taken and used as aforesaid, and the Buildings hereafter to be erected,

shall be permanently considered, deemed and taken to be of the said Yearly Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, whether the actual Rental thereof shall be more or less Now therefore be it further enacted, That all the Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments so to be taken and used as aforesaid, and also

the Houses and Buildings to be erected on the said Lands, shall for ever hereafter, in making any Rates or je '

Assessments for the paving, repairing, watching, lighting and cleansing the several Streets and other Places in bone intended to the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, be charged and assessed, or rated thereto, as being altogether and in He placed under the Whole of the Yearly Rent or Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, and no more; and the fame the, Previfioos of shall, from and after the passing of this Act, and for ever thereafter, be charged and assessed at the said Yearly Rent of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, whether the Rents or Values of the same shall be more or iV2fc, Parish less, and that such Yearly Rent or Value shall be assessed and divided rateably and proportionably upon all Books at 6P&4L the Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments so to be taken and used for the Purposes aforesaid, situate per Annum, within the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, or rated thereto, or upon the Owners or Occupiers thereof; and J^all c00*f ue that no greater Rate or Sum shall be at any time hereafter charged upon any such Houses, Buildings, Lands JjJe^or Hereditaments, or upon any new erected Buildings or Improvements to be made thereon, or upon any under this Act! Persons for or in respect thereof, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy or enjoy the fame, for or towards the paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the several Streets and other Places in the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone9 or rated thereto, than a Pound Rate, bearing the same Proportion to the said Annual Sum of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds as shall be charged upon the other Inhabitants of the said Parish, in reference to or in respect of the Yearly Rent or Value at which their respective Houses shall be rated and assessed in the Books of the said Parish, to the several and respective Rates aforesaid, but that the said Vestry-men of the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time from the passing of this Act, to rate and assess all such Houses, Buildings and Hereditaments so to be taken or used by the said Commissioners 5 and all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be erected and

built as aforesaid, or the Owners or Occupiers thereof, for the paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the fame, at the Annual Rent or Sum of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, whether the same shall be of that actual Rent or Value or not; and that the said Vestrymen shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for Vestrymen to raising, receiving and levying the same as they now have for levying and raising the several Rates within the have lhe fame said Parish, under and by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament for the Management and Regulation of the to Icv7

said Parish.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to Proviiofor A&t extend to alter, lessen or weaken any of the Powers, Clauses, Provisoes, Enadments or Authorities contained relating to St. in the several Acts of Parliament for regulating the Affairs of the Parish of Saint Mary le bone in the County Mar>r le Hone,

of MiddlefeXi except so far as the same are by this Act altered or varied, but that the fame several Powers and hereby altered.

Authorities shall remain and be in full Force and Effect as if this Act had not passed, any thing hereinbefore^contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXI. And Whereas several Persons in that Part of the New Street called Langbam Place have Langham Place already paved so much of the said new Streets as lies in front of their respective Houses and Grounds thereto Pavement to be*belonging Be it enacted, That all the Pavement so laid down shall be and become the Property and vested

in the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone for the time being, upon their paying to the said St. Mary le respective Persons the Difference between the Composition usually taken by the said Vestrymen for paving the bone.

Streets within the said Parish, and the Sum already expended on the fame-

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall operate, extend Provisofor or be coastrued to abridge, take away, prejudice or affect any Jurisdiction, Power or Authority which is by Rights of Corn-

Law

io54

missioners of Sewer*.

His Majesty empowered to grant lo Bodies Politic, See. and Societies, Land for erecting Buildings thereon for the useful Purposes in which they are engaged.

Immediately after Enrolment of Grant, Grantees taken to be in the dual Seisin of Premiset (ffedfied in the Warrant.

Commissioners of Land Revenue in their Report to certify all such Grants.

Certain Ena&-menu iti Local Poor Acts, passed since the Commencement of the Reign of Geo. I as to compelling poor Persons to go to Houses of

C. 128, 129. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Law now vested in the Commissioners of Sewers of the Districts in which the said Premises are situate; bat that all such Jurisdiction, Power and Authority, shall and may be exercised by such last mentioned Commissioners, in such and the like manner as if this Act had not been passed.

LXXXIII. And Whereas many Bodies Corporate and other public Bodies and many Persons formed into Societies for the Promotion and Advancement of the Arts, or of Literature and Knowledge, or for Charitable or other useful Purposes, are frequently desirous of erecting Buildings for the transacting and carrying on the several useful Purposes in which they are'engaged, and are unable to obtain convenient Spots of Ground or Scites for such Buildings, or for Easements and Accommodations thereto; and it would be very beneficial to the Public if His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, was and were enabled to grant and veil in any such < Bodies Corporate or other public Bodies, Societies or Persons, and their Successors, Heirs, Executors or Administrators respectively, sufficient Spots and Parcels of Land for the erecting such Buildings thereon, or for Curtilages, Accesses or other Conveniencies, Easements or Accommodations to any Buildings erected or to

be erected for the Purposes aforesaid, and also for Cemeteries or Burial Grounds; Be it therefore enacted, That The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall have full Power and Authority to give and grant to and vest in any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other public Bodies, Societies or Persons, all or any Part of the Estate, Interest or Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the Survey of the Court of Exchequer in England, situate within the Bills of Mortality, in order to be appropriated as a Scite or Scites for erecting thereon any Building or Buildings for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or to be used as or for a Curtilage or Curtilages, or for an Access or Accesses to any Building or Buildings erected or to be erected for any of the Purpolw aforesaid, or to be used for any Convenience, Easement or Accommodation thereto, or connected therewith, or for Cemeteries or Burial Grounds, and such Body or Bodies Corporate, or other public Bodies, Societies or Persons, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors or Administrators, shall have full Capacity and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy the fame; and whenever it shall be the Pleasure of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to make a Grant for any such Purpose as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands to any such Body or Bodies Corporate or other public Bodies, Societies or Persons as aforesaid, which Warrant shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever, and shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Division or County within which the Premises therein specified shall be situate, and also in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and such Auditor and such Commissioners having enrolled the said Warrant shall certify such Enrolment at the Foot or on the Back thereof, under his or their Hand or Hands, and return the said Warrant to the Grantee or Grantees of such Lands and Premises, and from and immediately after such Enrolment thereof the respective Grantees named in such Warrant, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors or Administrators, shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Premises in the said Warrant specined, and shall hold and enjoy the fame either absolutely and in Perpetuity, or for such limited Estate, Term or Interest, and under and subject to such Reservations of Rent or other Acknowledgements or Restrictions in relation to the Buildings to be erected thereon, and the Form, Elevation or Design thereof, the Line on which the same shall range, or the Uses or Purposes to which the same shall be applied, or any other Regulations, Restrictions or Provisions in regard thereto, as to The King's Most Excellent Majesty shall seem meet, and in such Warrant shall be specified, inserted, directed or contained; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, shall, in every Report which shall be made by them to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Revenue of the Crown, from and after the passing of this Act, certify and report every Grant which shall have been made under and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, since the time of the making their last preceding Report, and to whom and for what Purpose the same shall have been made, and what Land or Ground shall be comprised therein, and all other Particulars relating thereto.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Acts for the Maintenance and Management of the Poor.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS divers Local Acts of Parliament have lately passed, containing Enactments relative to the Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor, varying the general Law with respect to particular Districts, Parishes, Township or Hamlets; and it is expedient that some of such Enactments should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Enactments and Provisions, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament finee the Commencement of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, whereby any poor Person or Persons, other than such as shall actually apply for and receive Parochial Relief, are compelled or made compellable to go or remain in any House of Industry or Workhouse 5 or whereby any poor Person or Persons may be detained or kept in any House of Industry or Workhouse 5 at the Discretion of the Governors or Directors thereof, or of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any District, Parish, Township or Hamlet, after such Persons are capable of maintaining themselves; or whereby any poor Person or Persons may be compelled to remain in any House of Industry or Workhouse, until the Charges and Expences to which any Dif-

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

Q. 129, 130. 1055

trift, Parish, Township or Hamlet may have been put or become liable or chargeable for the Maintenance or Industry, &c. Support of such poor Person or Persons, or any of his or her Family, shall be repaid or reimbursed or satisfied repealed, by the Earnings or Labour of such poor Person or Persons; or whereby any poor Child or Children whomsoever is or are rendered liable to be apprenticed to any Governor, Director, or Matter of any such House of Industry or Workhouse; or whereby any Paritti, Township or Hamlet, at a greater Dittance than Ten Miles from such House of Industry or Workhouse, shall hereafter be empowered or authorized to become Contributors to, or to take the Benefit of such House of Industry or Workhouse; or whereby any Directors, Governors,

Guardians or Matters of any such House of Industry or Workhouse, are authorized or empowered to hire out iny poor Person or Persons of full Age, or to contract or agree with any Person or Persons to have and take the Profit of the Labour of such poor Person or Persons; shall be wholly and severally, and the same are hereby wholly and severally, repealed.

II. And be it farther enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Confining the Governor, Director, Guardian or Master, of any House of Industry or Workhouse, on any Pretence, to chain, poor bY Chains or confine by Chains or Manacles, any poor Person of fane Mind. unlawful*9

CAP. CXXX.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled f An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to 1 Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction / and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force have been found inefficient to prevent idle and disorderly Persons from going out armed in the Night time for the Destruction of Game: And Whereas such Practices

are found by Experience to lead to the Commission of Felonies and Murders : For the more effectual Suppression thereof, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Act made in 39 & 40 G 3. the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act c. 50. repealed. made in the Seventeenth Tear of King George the Second, intituled 1 An Act to amend and make more cjfeBual

the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, unlawfully Persons going enter into or be found in any Forest, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other open or inclosed Ground armed or dif-in the Night time, that is to say, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock at Night and Seven in the Morn- \n*.ing, from the First Day of October to the First Day of March, or between the Hours of Ten at Night and apMrenUntTnt Four in the Morning, from the First Day of March to the First Day of October, in each and every Year, to kill or destroy having any Gun, Net, Engine or other Instrument, for the Purpose and with the Intent to destroy, take or Game, may, on kill, or shall wilfully destroy, take or kill any Hare, Rabbit, Pheasant, Partridge, Heath Fowl commonly Conviction, be called Black Game, or Grouse commonly called Red Game or any other Game; or if any Person or Persons tran(i>ortedi shall be found with any Gun, Fire Arms, Bludgeon or with any other offensive Weapon, protesting, aiding,

abetting or assisting any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be sentenced to Transportation for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or shall receive such other Punishment as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors, and as the Court before which such Offenders may be tried and convicted shall adjudge; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain before the Expiration of the Returning. Term for which he or they shall be so transported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he or they so re-turning, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be sentenced to Transportation for the Term or Terms of his or their natural Life or Lives.

III. And for the more easy and speedy bringing the Offenders against this Act to Justice, be it further Such Persons

enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and aPPre*

Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of any such Forest, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other open or vcyea before?" inclosed Gronud, and also for his, her or their Keeper and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and also for any j, ftice, who in other Person or Persons to seize and apprehend, or to assist in seizing and apprehending such Offender or Of- Default of Bail fenders by virtue of this Act, and by the Authority of the same to convey and deliver such Offender or Often- m*y commit ders into the Custody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and directed to convey such Offender or them*

Offenders before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be alledged to have been committed; or in case such Offender or Offenders shall not be so apprehended, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice, on Information before him, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Offender or Offenders; and if upon the Apprehension of any such Offender or Offenders, it shall appear to such Justice of the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Person or Persons so charged hath or have been guilty of any or either of the said Offences, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to admit such Person or Persons so charged to Bail, and in Default of Bail to commit such Person or Persons to the County Gaol until the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the next General Commission of Gaol Delivery to be holden for the same County or Place, there to be tried and dealt with as by this Act is directed.

5»G.j. c. 17.

Recited Act revived and continued.

53 G. 3. c. 158. §5*

Two Justice* certifying that the Roads and Bridges, &c. directed to be made and kept m. Repair by His Majesty under the recited Act, are not made, or out of Repair, Complaint to be made to Quarter Sessions, if not made or put in Repair within Three Months.

C. 131, 13*. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an A(X of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties- of Watching and Warding,

until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or are apprehended: And Whereas it is expedient that the fame should be revived and continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is hereby revived and continued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for enlarging the time for making the Award respecting His Majesty's Allotments under an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Windsor Forest; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

AS for vejling in His Majesty certain Parts of Windsor Forest in the County of Berks; and for inclosing

the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that the Commissioner therein appointed on the behalf of His Majesty for the Purposes of the said Act, and the Commissioner to be appointed for and on the behalf of the several Proprietors of Land in the several Parishes therein mentioned, should in their respective Parishes appoint, ascertain and set out the Public Carriage Roads and Highways therein mentioned, over the Lands and Grounds to be allotted and set out to His Majesty; and Uiat all such Public Carriage Roads and Highways which should be so ordered by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, with all necessary Drains, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto,

should be made and for ever thereafter repaired and maintained at the proper Costs and Charges of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And Whereas for the better making and keeping in Repair the several Roads, Highways, Draius, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges and Fences which by the said recited Act are

directed to be made and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of His Majesty, it is expedient that Provision should be made for ensuring the making and repairing such Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercourses,

Arches, Bridges and Fences according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act p' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Berks, to view all or any of the Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, which, in and by the said recited Act, His Majesty is liable to make or repair, and by a Certificate and Notice in Writing under their Hands, to certify that any such Road or Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges or Fences thereto, by the said recited Act directed to be made or repaired by His Majesty, is or are in their Judgment not made or out of Repair, and to what Extent, and in what Particulars, and in what Parish or Parishes the fame is or are situate, and that the fame ought to be made or repaired by and at the Expence of His Majesty; and in case such Certificate and Notice shall be delivered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of Woods and Forests for the time being, or any or either of them, or their Secretary or known Officer, at the Office of the said Commissioners or Surveyor General for the time being, and the Road or Roads, or Highways, Drains, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, by the said Certificate and Notice certified to be necessary to be made or repaired by and at the Expence of His Majesty, shall not be well and effectually made or repaired to the Satisfaction of such Justices who shall have signed such Certificate, or any Two other Justices acting in and for the said County of Berks, within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the time of the Delivery of such Certificate and Notice to the said Commissioners or Surveyor General for the time being, or such their Officer as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to present a Petition or Petitions to the Justices of the Peace, at their next or any subsequent Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County of Berks, representing that any Road or Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto, by the said recited Act directed to be made or repaired by or at the Expence of His Majesty, has not been made, or is or are out of Repair, and to what Extent, and in what Particulars, and in what Parish or Parishes the fame is or are situate, and the said Justicesat such their Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the matter of every such Petition, and in case they shall thereupon find that such Road or Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto so complained of, is not made or not in sufficient Repair, to make such Order upon the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of Woods and Forests for the time being, for the making or repairing such Road, Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge and Fence thereto, within a time to be limited in such Order; and in case the fame Road or Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto so complained of, shall not be made or sufficiently repaired within the time limited by fufti Order, then it shall and may be

*8 lawful

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 132. 1057

lawful to and for the said Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled, to order such Sum and Sums of Money for And Quarter the making or Repair of the said Road or Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge and Fence thereto so Sessions may or-complained of, as the said Justices shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's der Money to be Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the E^d time being, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the Parish or Parishes in which such Road Forests for or Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge and Fence thereto so complained of, shall be situate, to be making and re-by them applied in or about the making or Repairs of the Road or Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, ptiring Roads, Bridge or Fence thereto so complained of, and which Sum or Sums the said Commissioners or Surveyor General are hereby authorized and required to advance out of any Money in their or his Hands arising from the Land Revenue of the Crown not specifically appropriated by or under the Authority of any Act or A Act of Parliament; and which Sum or Sums such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways is and are hereby also required to lay out accordingly: Provided always, that no Proceedings shall be had on any such Petition, No Proceedings unless it shall appear to the mid Justices that a true Transcript or Copy thereof shall have been delivered to unless Copy of the said Commimoners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, or the said Surveyor General for the time Petition deli-being, or one of them, or their Secretary or known Officer, at the Office of the said Commissioners or Surveyor General for the time being, Twenty one Days at lead before the First Day of any Quarter Sessions at iw^/bre*' which the matter of the said Petition shall be heard, and the like Notice shall in all cases be given previous tq^uarcer Sessions. any subsequent Proceeding on the Matter of any such Petition.

II. And for the better enabling such Justices in Quarter Sessions to determine the Matter of any such Pe- Witnesses to at-tition, be it enacted, That every Person and Persons who shall be required by any Subpoena or other legal tend Quarter Process to attend any Court of Quarter Sessions aforesaid as a Witness or Witnesses, to testify the Truth Sessions* touching the matter in Dispute respecting the making or repairing any such Road, Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto, in manner aforesaid, shall attend in obedience to every such Subpoena

or other legal Process; and in case of Nonappearance of any such Witness or Witnesses pursuant to such Default. Subpoena or other legal Process, he, she or they shall be subject and liable to such and the like Pains and Pe- Penalty. naltie8 as any other Witness or Winesses making default is or are liable to by Law, in cases of the like Nature, in which such Court of Quarter Session shall have competent Jurisdiction or Authority.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in any Examination, Affidavit, Depo- Swearingfalfely. fition or Affirmation to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, in or before any Court of Quarter Semon

as aforesaid, or in or before any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, knowingly or wilfully (wear or affirm any matter or thing which shall be false or ^untrue, every such Person so offending shall on Conviction thereof be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall fuller the like Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and cor- Perjury, rupt Perjury are now subject and liable to.

IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 55 0.3«

4. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Tear of Hie present Majesty for vejling in His Majesty certain Parts §

of Windsor Forest in the County of Berks, and for inclosing the open Commonable Lantfs within the said Forest,

4 it was among other things enacted and provided, that John Nash and John Babies, the Commissioners

named in the said first recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and their Successors, should make and execute their Award under the said last mentioned Act within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from and after the passing of the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the same Manner and Form* and under the like Regulations.in all Respects as in the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty is directed: And Whereas it is expedient that the Time for making the said Award should be further extended, and that such other Provisions be made

4 as herein after mentioned Be it therefore further enacted, That the time for making the said Award by Time for mak-and under the Authority of the said first recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty shall be Awarduu^ier and i# hereby further extended to the Twelfth Day of Marsh One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and A"*ex" the said Commissioners and theft Successors, by and under the said first recited Act are hereby authorised and required to make their said Award in the same manner and Form, and Under the like Regulations in all Respects as in the said first recited Act is directed, on or before the said Twelfth Day of March one thousand /eight hundred and seventeen,

4 V. And Whereas in and by the said first recited Act it is, amongst other things recited, that the Mod Marquis of Honourable Arthur Marquis of Downshire is seised to himself and his Heirs of the Manor and Park of East* Downshire's 4 bamstead, in the said County of Berks, and inrefpe& thereof is entitled to the Soil of the Waste Lands in the c, al

said Manor; and after further reciting that the said Arthur Marquis of Downshire infilled that the said Manor,

and also the said Park, to which he derived his Title through and under certain Grants made by His Majesty's Forest in respect

Royal Predecessor, and other Assurances, were exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest, and all the of his Manor

Rights of the Crown, in respect thereof, and consequently that His said Majesty was not entitled to any and Park of

Allotment of Land within the said Manor or Parish, it was therefore enacted, that it should be lawful for Easthampstead.

His Majesty, by His Attorney General, to proceed to a Trial at Law at the then next Spring Assizes for the County of Berls> in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in His Majesty's

Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer at Westminster, against the said Arthur Marquis of

Downshire, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Person or Persons entitled to the said Manor for the time being, in manner therein mentioned; and if at the Trial of any such Issue or Issues, it should appear that His Majesty was not entitled to any Forestal Right or Interest within the said Manor and Parish of Easthampstead, for which a Compensation ought to be made, then such Jury or Juries by whom such Issue or Issues should be tried, should find for the Defendant or Defendants, in which case the said Act or any thing therein con-i tained should not apply to or aff«& the fame Manor and Parish, or any Part thereof: but if it should appear

56 Geo. III. 6 T 4 to

1058 G. 132.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Reference to ascertain whether the Forestal Rights of His Majesty over the said Manor are diminished or restricted, and Award to be made thereupon.

Proceedings after such Award shall be made.

to such Jury or Juries that His said Majesty was entitled to such Forestal Rights or Interests within the dime Manor and Parish, as were claimed by and belonged to His Majesty in and over the Rurishes and Place* within the Regard of the said Forest, then such Jury or Juries Khouid find for the Plaintiff, and then and in such case the said Manor and Parish should he deemed to be within the Provisions of the said Act, and the Commons and Waste Lands thereof should be subject to such Provisions and Regulations as to the Proportion thereof to be awarded to His Majesty, as were in the said Act contained in rdation to the said Parishes and Manors, ani Wastes and Commons, within the Regard of the said Forest; but if should appear to the said Jury that His Majesty was entitled to Forestal Rights within the same Manor and Parish, but that such Rights had been dirrihiished or restricted by Grants or Charters, or other Means, so as that such Forestal Rights of His Majesty were not so extensive in the said Manor and Parish as in the other Parishes and Manors mentioned in the said Act, then and in such last mentioned case such Jury or Juries should find and declare by their Verdict, that His Majesty had only limited Forestal Rights in the said Manor and Parish which should be indorsed on the Postea; and then the said Jury or Juries, in addition to the Verdict or Verdicts given in the Issue or Fifties joined, should assess and award what Proportion of the Soil of the Waste and Open Lands within the same Manor and Parish would be a just and fair Compensation for such His said Majesty's Forestal Rights therein: And Whereas the said Issue w£s tried before a Special Jury at the Summer Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, holden for the said County of Berks, when such Jury trying the fame /among other things) found by their Verdict, that the said Manor and Parish of Easthampfield, continually from time immemorial, had been and were within the Metes and (except the said ParfcJ parcel of the said Forest, and that the said Park was, tip to and until the Second Day of June in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the First, also within the Metes and Parcel of the said Forest, and that the said Park of Easthampfield was situate within the said Manor and Parish of Easthampfield, and that His present Majesty was not entitled to any Forestal Right or Interest within the said Park; but that the fame Park was exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest, and all the Rights of the Crown in respect thereof; and the said Jury ulfo found that His said present Majesty, and His Predecessors, Kings and

Sueens of England, had continually, from time immemorial, within the same Manor and Parish (except ia e said Park, from the said Second Day of June in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King Charles the First) exercised such Forestal Rights and Interests as were claimed by and belonged to His Majesty in and over the Parishes and Places within the Regard of the said Forest, and that before and on the Twenty seventh Day of February in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Third the said Manor and Parish were within the Regard of the said Forest, but whether or not rlis said present Majesty was entitled to any Forestal Right or Interest within the said Manor and Parish of Eafibamp* Jlead out of the said Park, for which a Compensation ought to be made under and by virtue of the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, the said Jury said they were ignorant, and therefore by a Special Verdict referred the same to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in which Court the said Action was brought: And Whereas the Barons of the said Court have lately 'adjudged and determined upon the said Special Verdict, that His present Majesty was entitled to such Forestal Rights and Interests within the said Manor and Parish of Easthampjlead out of the said Park as were claimed by and belong to His Majesty in and over the Parishes and Places within the Regard of the said Forest: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to what Proportion of the Wastes within the said Manor and Parish (aftft* such Verdict and Judgment as aforesaid) His said Majesty is entitled, and in order to obviate the said Doubts it hath been proposed by the said Marquis that it shall be referred to Robert Gifford Esquire Barrrfter at Law, as well on the Part of His Majesty as on the behalf of the said Marquis, to ascertain and determine whether the Forestal Rights and Interests of His Majesty in and over the said Manor and Parish are diminfshed or restricted, and if he mail determine that they are, then to award how far and in what Proportion the same are diminished or restricted in consequence of the said Park being found to be situate within the said Manor and Parish, and to be exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest, and all the Rights of the Crown in respect thereof; which Proposal hath been assented and agreed unto on the behalf of His Majesty Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be and hereby is referred to the said Robert Gifford to ascertain and determine-whether the said Forestal Rights and Interests of His Majesty in and over the said Manor and Parish are dmrnifflied or restricted, and if he shall determine that they are, then to determine and award how far and in what Proportion the said Forestal Rights and Interests of His Majesty in and over the said Manor and ParHh are dhninished or restricted, in consequence of the said Park being found to be situate within the said Manor and ParHh, and to be exempt from all the Laws of the said Fofeft, and all the Rights of the Crown in respect thereof; provided that the said Robert Gifford shall and do within Four Calendar Months from and after the passing t/fthis Act, make his Award in Writing upon the Subject hereby referred to him, and cause the same to be delivered at the Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General of Woods and Forests for and on the Part of His Majesty, and unto the said Marquis, his Solicitor or Agent; which Award so to be made and delivered of and concerning the Premises, shall be binding and conclusive, as well upon His said Majesty, his Heirs and SiKcessors, as upon the said Marquis, his Heirs and Assigns.

VI. And be it further enacted, That after the making and Delivery of such Award as last aforesaid, if the in id Robert Gifford shall award that His Majesty's Forestal Rights and Interests are diminished or reftrffted, then the said Commissioners and their Successors, or the Umpire to be appointed by them in pursuance of the Power contained in the said first recited Act, shall and they are hereby required and directed to deduct from the said Nine thirty second Parts such Proportion as the said Robert Gifford shall, in manner aforesaid, determine and award, ought to be deducted therefrom in consequence of the said Park being found to be exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest, and all the Rights of the Crown in respect thereof, and shall proceed to

16 set

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 132, 133, 134. 1059

set out, allot and award uato and for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Remainder only of the said Nine thirty second Parts, after such Deduction therefrom as aforesaid, Quantity, Quality and Situation considered, in satisfaction of His Majesty's Forestal Rights and Interests in and over the said Manor and Parish; but if the said Robert Gifford shall not make his Award on or before the time herein appointed for that Purpose, or if he shall award that His Majesty's Forestal Rights and Interests in the said Manor and Parish are not diminished or restricted in consequence of the said Park being found to be exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest and all the Rights of the Crown in respect thereof, then they the said Commissioners shall set out, allot and award, unto and for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, so much of the Opeu and Waste Lands within the said Manor and Parish as, Quantity, Quality and Situation considered, shall be equal to Nine thirty second Parts of the whole of the Waste Lands in the said Manor and Parish, in satisfaction of His Majesty's Forestal Rights and Interests in and over the said Manor and Parish, any thing herein or in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act for making Provision to defray the Annual Charge of any Loan of this Session of Parliament.

[1st July i8*0.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for the Purpose of defraying the increased

annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made under the Authority of any Act passed in the present Session of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Certain Sums to and sixteen, out of the Monies to ^rife by the Duties granted by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, be fct apart intituled An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Butter, there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of Nineteen thousand seven hundred and eighty seven PouncU; and out of the Monies to arise by another Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of c. 25. ante. Cheese, there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of Fifteen thousand eight hundred and Seven Pounas; and out c. 26. ante, of the Monies to arise by another Aft of the same Session, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties, Allo wances c. 44. ante* and Drawbacks of Excise on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland, and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in lieu thereof there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of Six hundred and twenty nine thousand seven hundred and sixty Pounds; and out of the Monies to arise by Two other Act of c* IS- ante, the same Session, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation into the United Kingdom !nt?* of Rape Seed and Cole Seedy and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs a /^heSums on Rape Seed Cakes, Linfced Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish (except Whale Fins) im- herein mention-ported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of ed, the Remans-Three thousand nine hundred and sixty six Pounds: and after setting apart the said several Sums, being the der shall be an aggregate Amount of the respective Duties on the said several Articles for Two Years iaft past, the Remainder to the

cl the Monies to be paid into the Exchequer at Westminster by virtue of the said Acts shall be deemed an Addi- ddrayinTtto tion made to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge charge of any occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any Act passed in this Session of Parliament. Loan of this 7

Session.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals consumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall.

[1st July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act J* 0.3. & 83.

for allowing the like Drawback of Duty paid on Coals used in certain Mines and Smelting MM* in

Devonshire, as is now allowed in the County of Cornwall, a Drawback of the Duty is allowed upon all Coals used for Fire Engines in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, or for calcining or smelting Lead Ores within the County of Devon: And Whereas it is expedient that a like Drawback mould be allowed upon all Coals fp consumed in Lead Mines in the County of Cornwall; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act Drawback of the for all Coals that shall be used for Fire Engines in Mines of Lead, or for calcining or smelting Lead Ores Duty on CoaL within the County of Cornwall, and for which Duties have been first answered and paid, a Drawback shall be , n allowed and made of all such Duties, upon Proof by Oath made before the Collector of the said Duties, I which to e a " Oath he is hereby empowered and required to administer, ) that such Coals have been so used and applied; and the Amount of the Duties so drawn back shall be returned and paid by the Cc^lector of the said Duties to the Person so making Proof as aforesaid.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that previously to the Drawback being paid upon Coals consumed in9Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the Counties 01 Devon and Cornwall, rroof should be made that the Duties upon the fame have been actually paid, and that the said Coals were bona fide consumed in the said

Mines, and that no Part of the fame has been or shall be used or sold for domestic Purposes, or as Culm for o*»h to be

9 burning Lime, or for any other Purposes not contemplated by Law Be it therefore enacted, That, previ- made that the ously to any Drawback being paid upon Coals used or consumed in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the Duty on the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, Proof shall be made on Oath by the Proprietor or managing Owner of the C°aIs , athe Mine before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs (which Oajth they are hereby authorized and ro- anjUcori'waHhai

6 T 2 quired been paid>

io6o

33 G. 3. c. 104. 39 G. 3. c. xxvii.

39 G. 3« c. Uxi.

45 G. 3. c. 85.

51 G. 3- C'!I7'

C. 134, 135* 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

mired to administer) at the Port where the Drawback shall be paid, that he verily believes the Duties upon the said Coals have been actually paid, and that the said Coals were bona fide consumed in the said Mines, and that no Part of the fame has been or shall be used or sold for domestic Purposes, or as Culm for burning Lime, or for any other Purposes not contemplated by Law.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act for authorizing the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to order the Payment of a certain Sum of Money to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal. [ill July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan in the Shire of Argyll, the several Persons therein named were incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietor8 of the Crinan Canal for the Purpose of making and completing the said Canal and other necessary Works; which Act was amended and rendered more effectual by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effcQual an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of Hiepresent Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan in the Shire of Argyll : And Whereas a large Sum of Money having been subscribea before the passing of the said first recited Act, great Progress was thereafter made in carrying on the said Work; but many of the Subscribers having failed to make good their Subscriptions,

the said Undertaking, which is of great National Importance, must havd been abandoned if the Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds had not been advanced to the said Company by the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by virtue of another Act passed in the said Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietor t 4 of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland the Sum.advanced to them, for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty as relates to the said Company; and for enabling the Barone of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received, to the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions: And Whereas, pursuant to the Directions of the said last recited Act, all the Toils and Rates arising from the said Canal, and also the Canal itself, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Company in and to the fame, and all Quays, Houses, Lands or other Property purchased for the Purposes of the said Canal, have been assigned and made over by the said Company to the Lord Chief Baron or other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, until the said Sinn of Twenty five thousand Pounds, together with the Interest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be completely paid or satisfied: And Whereas the said Sum of Twenty five thousand rounds was applied towards completing the said Canal, but unforeseen Difficulties having arisen in carrying on the said Work, and the great Rife in the Price of Labour and Materials having augmented the Expence so as greatly to exceed the Estimates, the said Canal remained unfinished, and the Public were thereby deprived of the great Advantages which would arise therefrom to Commerce, to the Fisheries and to the Improvement of the Western Islands and North West Coast of Scotland, and the Money which had been advanced would have been loft if the farther Sum of Twenty live thousand Pounds had not been advanced to the said Company for completing the fame, out of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for authorising the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain to advance a certain Sum of Money, to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal; and pursuant to the said Act, the Rates and Duties arising from the said Canal, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Company in and to the fame, and the Quays, Houses, Lands and other Property aforesaid, remain vested in the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until not only the said first mentioned Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds and all Interest for the fame, but also the said further Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds advanced under the Provisions of the said Act, together with Interest for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be completely satisfied and paid in the same manner and as fully and effectually as if another Assignment thereof had been made: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, a Sum not exceeding Five thousand Pounds was granted to His Majesty towards completing the Repairs which were then necessary in consequence of an Inundation of the said Canal in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and the Sum of Five thousand Pounds having been soon afterwards received accordingly from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, the Tolls and Rates arising from the said Canal, and ^so 4 the Canal itself, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Company, of, in and to the fame, and all Quays, Houses, Lands or other Property purchased for the Purposes of the said Canal, have befti assigned to the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, together with Interest for the fame at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be completely paid or satisfied: And Whereas the said last mentioned Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, and the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, have been applied towards the Completion and Repair of the said Canal and other Works; but this great National Undertaking must yet be abandoned, and the Money which has been advanced will be loll without the further Aid of

Par-

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. 0.135, 136.

Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland and they are hereby directed, upon the Application of the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Exfcncet of making an Inland Navigation from the Eqftern to the IveJIern Sea by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary Steps towards executing the fame, to ittue their Warrant to the Receiver General of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money then m his Hands of the Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds, which Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners Without any Deduction whatever, and after Payment thereout of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act shall be applied in completing and repairing the said Crinan Canal ana other Works in such manner as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and until the said Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds shall from time to time be applied in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to invest the fame or such P.art or Parts thereof as they shall think proper in Exchequer Bills.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds shall be paid to the said Commissioners, the Tolls and Rates arising from the said Crinan Canal, and also the Canal itself, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Company in and to the fame, and all Quays, Houses, Lands or other Property, which, pursuant to the Directions of the said last'mentioned Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were assigned to the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as a Security for the said first mentioned Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds and the Interest for the fame, and which, pursuant to the said Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, remain vested in the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons until the said further Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds and all Interest for the fame be satisfied and paid in manner aforesaid, and which were likewise assigned to the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons as a Security for the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds and the Interest for the same as aforesaid, shall immediately thenceforth be and remain vested in the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until not only the said first mentioned Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, together with the faH further Sums of Twenty five thousand Pounds and Five thousand Pounds so already advanced as aforesaid, and all Interest for the fame respectively, but also the said Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds which shall be so paid to the said Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act} together with Interest for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be completely paid or satisfied in the same manner and as fully and effectually as if another Asignment thereof had been made; and which Interest for the said Sum of Nineteen thousand Four hundred Pounds, shall be paid Half yearly by the said Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal into the said Court of Exchequer at the End of every Six Months from the Day of the Advance of such Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That a Statement of all the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and a general Account of the Money received and disbursed by them, or under their Direction, by virtue of this Act, mail be annually, before the First Day of June, laid before both Houses of Parliament, together with the Annual Statement or Report of the said Commissioners relative to the Caledonian Canal.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, escheated and devolved to His Majesty by the Dissolution of Hertford College, in the University of Osdbrdy and the Site of the said College and Buildings thereon, to the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the said University, in Trust for the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Hall, for the Purpose of their removing to such Site; and to enable the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the said University, and the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, to do all necessary Acts for such Removal. [ill July 161 & 3

WHEREAS*His late Majesty King George the Second was graciously pleased by Letters Patent, W under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster, the Fifth Day of September, «in the Fourteenth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to will and grant, that within Hart Hall in the

University of Oxford, and within the Bounds, Circuits and Precincts of the lame in Oxford, and within the fame University of Oxford and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame, there Should be from thenceforth for ever one Perpetual College for Students of Divinity, the Civil and Canon Law, Physic and other good Arts and Languages; and that the fame College, consisting of a Principal, Four Senior Fellows or Tutors, and Eight Junior Fellows or Assistants, might be for ever called Hertford College in the University of Oxford; and further to will and grant, that the Principal and Fellows of the College and their Succeuors for ever, should and might be one Body Corporate and Politic by the Name of the " Principal and Fellows of Hertford College in the University of OxfordAnd Whereas the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College in the said University of Oxford are seised in Fee of a certain Piece of Land, copftituting Part of the Site of the said College called Hertford College, of which they granted a Lease to the Principal and Fellows of the fame College, bearing Date the Sixth Day of December in the Year One thousand

1061

Barons of Ex-cheques in Scotland on Application of Commissioners under 43 G. 3*

to order Payment of 19, 4001. for completing the Crihan Canal.

When paid, Canal to remain vetted in (he said Barons till the Money borrowed is repaid.

Statement to be laid before Parliament annually.

Charter of Incorporation of Hertford College, by Letters Patent, 5th Sep. 14 O. a. recited.

Lease of Lands, Part of Siteof Hertford College, recited.

io6a

Two Cotnmifftoners of El-cheat to enquire whether Hertford College was dissolved, recited.

By Inquisition dated 4th May, 1816, found that Hertford College became dif-solved on l8th June 1805, and was at the time of such DiAblution seised of certain Lands defatted.

C. 136. 56° GEORGII III. A.D<t8i6.

thousand seven hundred and ninety 11a, for the Term of Forty Years from the Date thereof, under a referred

annua! Rent of Three Pound# Fifteen Shillings and One Penny: And Whereas the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the said University, are seised m Fee of certain Pieces of Land, constitutii^ other Part of the Site of the said College called Hertford College, of which they granted a Lease, bearing Date the Twenty seventh Day of February in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the Principal and Fellows of Hertford College, to hold to them and their Successor# for the Term of Forty Years from the

Feast of the Annunciation of the Bkffed Virgin Mary, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety

seven, under the several yearly Rents of Ten Shillings and One Shilling and Eight pence: And Whereas the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College in the said University are entitled to an annual Rent Charge of c One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence, issuing and payable from and out of some Part or Parts of the Site of the said College called Hertford College: And Whereas Two several Commissions of Efdieat under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Twenty ninth Day of April in the 1 Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, lately irfued, directed to certain Commissioners therein named, authorizing and empowering them or any Three or more of them to esquire, amongst other matters

and things, whether at any thne ana when the said College called Hertford College had become and was dissolved, and whether the said College before and at the time of the Dissolution thereof was seised in Fee

Simple of or of any other and what Estate, or possessed of any and what Term or Terms for Years of and in divers and what Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate in the several Counties of

Oxford and Berts, and whether by reason of the Dissolution thereof the fame Hereditaments, Term and Terms for Years, had escheated and devolved to His Majesty: And Whereas by an Inquisition indented

and taken at the City of Oxford in the County of Oxford on the Fourth Day of May last, before Three of the Commissioners in the said Commissions named, upon the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Men of the said County of Oxford in the said Inquisition named, it was found that the said College called Hertford College in the University of Oxford, on the Twenty eighth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and five, became and was and is dissolved j and that the said dissolved College was at the time of the Dissolution thereof seised in its Demesne as of Fee of and in a certain Piece of Land, containing by

Admeasurement One thousand nine hundred and eighty two square Yards (a little more or less) 5 bounded on the West Side thereof partly by a certain Street called Cat Street, and partly by the Land of one James Stone and one Widow GiHett; and on the North Side thereof partly by a certain Street leading from a 4 Gate, anciently called Smith's Gate, to New College, and partly by the Laid hereinbefore and herein after mentioned, of the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the said University, and of the said President and Scholars of the said College of Saint Mary Magdalen in the said University; and on the East Side thereof parny by New College Lane, and partly by the Stables of New College; and on the South Side thereof by the Land a*|d Buildings of All Souls College; together with all Messuages, Erections and Buildings on the fame P; ece of Land erected, Handing and being, situate in the Parish o? Saint Peter in the East, and the Parish of Saint Mary the Virgin, in the City and County of Oxford; one Parcel of which said first mentioned Piece of Land was found to be subject to the said Rent of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence payable yearly to the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College, and a certain other Parcel of the said first mentioned Piece of Land to be subject to a certain Rent of Four pence payable yearly to the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxford, of the Foundation of King Heeury the Eighth: And it was further found, that the said first mentioned Piece of Land was holden by the fold dissolved College, at the time of its Dissolution, of His Majesty, in free and common Socage in right of His Royal Crown, but not subject to any Rents or Services in respe<5l thereof, except Fealty: And it was

further found, that the said dissolved College was at the time of its Dissolution possessed of the said Pieces

of Land, whereof the said Chancellor, Matters and Scholars, and the said President and Scholars respectively are so seized as aforesaid for the Residue of the several Terms before mentioned to have been granted by them respectively, together with all Messuages, Erections and Buildings on the fame Piece# of Land standing, erected and being: And it was further found, that the said Messuages, Lauda, Tenements and

Hereditaments, and Terms for Years, had escheated and devolved, and did then belong to His Majesty by virtue of His Prerogative Royal; and the said Commissioners had, in obedience to the said Commission, seized the fame into the Hands of His Majesty: And by an Inquisition indented and taken at Gryndfound, in the Parish of Saint Aldate, in the County of Berks, on the said Fourth Day of May, before Three of the Commissioners in the said Commissions named, upon the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Men of the said

County of Berks, in the said last Inquisition named it was found, that the said College called Hertford College, in the University of Oxford, on the said Twenty eighth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and five, became and was and is dissolved; and that the said dissolved College was at the time

or the Dissolution thereof seised in its Demesne as of Fee of and in Fourteen Acres and Thrte Rods by

Estimation of Arable Land, and One Acre and a Half of Meadow Ground, more or less, lying dispersed in the Common Fields and Meadows of North Morton in the said County of Berks, with the Appurtenances; and that the said Lands and Hereditaments were at the time of the Dissolution of the said College held of His Majesty by the said College in free and common Socage, in right of His Royal Crown, but not subject to any Rents or Services in respect thereof except Fealty, and had become escheated to His Majesty by virtue of His Prerogative Royal; and the said Commissioners had in obedience to the said Commission seized the fame into the Hands of His Majesty: And Whereas the Buildings of the said dissolved College having since the said Dissolution thereof For the most Part been unoccupied and neglected, the fame have gone gradually into Decay, and are in a very ruinous and dilapidated State, and there is no Fuad applicable to putting them into Repair: And Whereas Magdalen Hall is contiguous to Saint Mary

Magdalen

56° GEORGII III.

C. 13& 10^3

Magdalen College, an<l there is an ancieot School for the Education of Sixteen Choristers of the fane Col-

lege, which forms Part of the Buildings of the said Hall; and the Freehold of the Site of the said Hall ' and School is vested in the said President and Scholars of the said College: And Whereas the said President and Scholars are about to improve and considerably enlarge the Buildings of Magdalen College, far which

Purpose they have caused Plans to be drawn, which cannot be effectually carried into Execution ualefa the said Hall and School be taken down and removed, in which Event they intend to erect or provide another

School equally convenient to the College: And Whereas the Removal of the said HaU and School being proposal that

1 necessary to the Completion of the intended Improvement* at Magdalen College, and if carried into Effect Establishment of

being likely to conduce to the general Improvement and Ornament of the Universey, the said President and Magdalen Hall ' Scholars, with the Concurrence and Approbation of the Principal of iimgdnlen HaU, and with the Consent bc5!r#nf"

of the Right Honourable Lord Grenville, Chancellor of the said Univeiirty of Oxford, as Visitor aid alflblved CoU

Patron of the said HaU, on the Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and lege of Hertford, 1 fifteen, jxroposed to the Chancellor, Matters and Scholars of the Unrverfky, in Convocation assembled, to recited.

transfer the Establishment of the said Hfdl to the Site of the said dtftblved College of Hertford, the said 1 President and Scholars engaging to put the whole of the Buildings thereof into a State of complete 1 Repair, to rehnquish for the Use of the Principal and other Members of Magdalen HaU, all the Right and

Title of the said President and Scholars to that Part of Hertford College Jo as aforesaid held by Leafo

under them, and to be at the folc Expence of carrying the said Arrangement irfto Effect % which Propofol

was agreed to by the said Chancellor, Matters and Scholars 5 hut forafooch as the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of ParliamentWherefore Your Majesty's mott dutiful and loyal Subjects, the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, in the said Uuiverfity, and John David Macbridge Doctor of Laws, Principal of Magdalen Hall aforesaid, do most humbly befaech

Your Majesty, that ft may be etia&ed 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and HiiMtjeAy with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- s"nt liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it tfiartl and may he lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to grant the Site of the said dissolved College, and all or any chancellor. Part of the said other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so escheated to His Majesty as aforesaid, to the Matters, fcc.in said Chancellor, Matters and Scholars, and their Successors, for ever, in Trust for the Use of the Principal Trust for Rutland other Members for the time being of Magdalen Hall aforesaid, as and when to His Majesty, hie Heirs of

Or Successors, shall seem meet, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof -notwithstanding. Mag en a

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be fawfaH to Prudent aid and for the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, at their foie Expence to -engage and employ any Builder, Workmen and others, and for such Persons when so engaged and employed to make ma^, ^S*

x as^o o a s^I*«8y Ipyau emmm

and do all and every such Alterations, Reparations and Improvements, in and to the several Buildings, diffokod CdU Chambers and other Parts of the said dissolved College, as may be necessiny and fmtable for the Reception lege* and comfortable Occupation of the Principal of Magdalen HaUand other Members -thereof and for fhat Purpose to take down and rebuild, with like or other Materials of as good a Quality and in a substantial and workmanlike manner, furh Part or Parts of the said dissolved College as in the Judgment -of the Vice Chancellor and Delegates of Estates of the said University, cannot be well and-effectually repaired.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Ground and Buildings now forming Part of the said dissolved

College, which are held by Lease under the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, may

hereafter be permanently enjoyed by the Principal and other Members of the said HaU 5' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said President and Scholars, and they are hereby Premises held authorized and empowered, without any Consideration in Money, to grant and convey the Fee Simple and by Lease under Inheritance of the said Ground and Buildings comprised in the find Lease, with tlwftr Appurtenances, unto Magdalen Col-and to the Use of the Chancellor, Matters and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and their Successors for manentlC enfoy-ever, freed and discharged from the said annual Rent of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Penny, or e(j

toy other Rent or Charge whatever; upon Trust for the Principal and other Members of the said Hall for the cipal and other time being, and to the Intent that the fame may become a competent Part of the said Hall, and be used and Members of enjoyed accordingly. Magdalen Hall.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Buildings, Chambers and other Parts When repaired, of the said dissolved College, shall have been put into such a State of complete Repair as shall be approved by the Principal and Vice Chancellor and Delegates of Estates of the said University for the time being, and the said President and Member* Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College shall have made such Grant and Conveyance as herein before men- £jall^tioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the then Principal of the said Hall, and for all and every the JMem- to dissolved CoW bers thereof, and they and each and every of them are hereby required to surrender and give up the Possession lege of Hertford, of the fame Hall and every Part thereof, and to relinquishall Right and Title to the future Occupation and Enjoyment of the fame, and of every Part thereof, uMo the said President and Scholars of Saint Mary

Magdalen College; and the said Principal and other Members of the said Hall shall thenceforth remove to and become established at the said dissolved College, which shall from and after the same shall have been put into such Repair as aforesaid, and taken Possession of by the said Principal and other Members be called Magdalen Hall in the University of Oxford; and the said removed Establishment of the said Hall, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, continue and be deemed, taken and reputed to be the fame Establish-meat, as if the fame had continued at and had not been removed from the present and ancient Site-thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Removal of the Establishment of the said Hall shall not in any Removal not to Respects or Respect whatsoever, prejudice, tdiminish, vary, alter or asse<51 the Powers, Immunities, Advantages, Righu, Rights and Privileges, belonging or appertaining to the said Hall, or to the prefect or any future Principal, °nd

or F

Members of the Hall, or of the said Chancellor, Matters and Scholars.

Chancellor, Matter and Scholars of University empower, ed to release and euinguUh certain annual Rents.

President and Scholars of Mat-dalen College to pay the Rent Charge of lL 13s. 4d. to Exeter College.

Right of Entry, lie. of Exeter College in respect of the Rent Charge of xl. 13c. not to be affeaed.

Neglea or Re-fuial to make before mentioned Payments. Rem«ly.

After Removal of Principal, Ice. of Magdalen Hall, to dissolved College, and a School provided, the Hall, See. may be taken down.

Power given to Chancellor, Matters and Scliolarii of the University to purrfufe certain Jioufes.

C. 136. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

or any other Members or Member thereof, or belonging or appertaining to the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the said University, in, over or otherwise touching or relating to the said Hall, or to the present or any future Principal or other Members or Member thereof; but from and after such Removal of the Establishment of the said Hall, all and every the Powers, Immunities, Advantages, Rights and Privileges whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the said Hall, or to the present or any future Member or Member^ thereof, or belonging or appertaining to the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, in, over or otherwise touching or relating to the said Hall, or to the present or any future Principal, or other Member or Members thereof, shall be and continue such and the fame in all respects whatsoever, as if the Removal of the Establish-ment of the said Hall had not taken Place.

VI. And Whereas the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars are desirous that the Ground and Buildings forming Part of the said difiolved College, which are comprized in the hereinbefore mentioned Indenture of Lease of the Twenty seventh Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight may become 4 a component Part of the said intended Hall, and be permanently enjoyed by the Principal and other Members thereof for the time being, freed and discharged from the said annual Rents of Ten Shillings and One Shilling and Eight pence : Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered whenever they shall think proper, by any Deed in Writing under their Common Seal, to release and extinguish the said several annual Rents of Ten Shillings and One Stulling and Eight pence, and to declare by the Came or by any other Deed under their Common Seal, that they the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars and their Successors, for ever, shall iland seised of the said Ground and Buildings comprized in the said Lease, in Truil for the Principal and other Members of the said Hall for the time being, freed and discharged from the said annual Rents.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, and their Successors, shall yearly and every Year, as and when the said yearly Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence to the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College shall become payable, pay the same into the proper Hands of the Principal of the said Hall for the time being, or unto such Person or Persons as may be authorized or entitled to receive the same, to the intent that the said Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence may be regularly paid to the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College* and that the Principal of the said Hall may be indemnified in respect thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice the Right, Tide, Claim or Entry of the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College, in respect of the said Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence, so issuing and payable out of some Part or Parts of the said difiolved College j but on the contrary the said Rector and Fellows and their Successors shall have, use, exercise and enjoy all Powers and Remedies for raising, recovering and obtaining Payment of the fame, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if this Act had not passed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said President and Scholars and their Successors shall at any time or times negk& or refuse to pay the said Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence as and when the same shall become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Principal of the said Hall for the time being, or for the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment, to sue for and recover the fame from the said President and Scholars and their Successors, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by an Action of Debt for Money paid.

X. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the Removal of the Principal and other Members of the said Hall to the said difiolved College, and after a suitable School shall have been erected or provided for the said Chorillere, it shall and may be lawful to and for the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College to cause the said Hall and the said School adjoining thereto, to he taken down, and to uie or dispose of the Materials thereof, in such manner as they may deem proper; and also to erect any Buildings on the Site thereof, or otherwise to inclose and annex the same to the said College, it being intended by this Act that the Site of the said Hall and School shall for ever afterwards be united to and form Part and Parcel of Saint Mary Magdalen College.

XI. And Whereas the Site and Buildings of the said difiolved College may be greatly improved and made more ornamental, and the Occupation of the fame by its intended Possessors rendered more convenient and desirable, if the Front of the said difiolved College and also certain Houses at the North and South Ends thereof, with a House in the Occupation of Richard Paine leading to New College Lane were taken down j 4 and it is therefore expedient that Power should be given for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of and with all other Persons interested in the Houses and other Buildings and Ground now in the several Occupations of Ann Bailey, Edward Hutton, Robert Bateman Herbert, Edward Leader, James Stone, and Dorothy Barker, at the North and South Ends of the Front of the said difiolved College, and in the House, Buildings and Ground, now in the Occupation of the said Richard Paine, leading to New College Lane, and in the Schedule of this Act more particularly described, for the Purchase of the fame, and to become seised and possessed thereof, without being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, and to pay for the fame out of any Money that shall come to their Hands for that Purpose, either by Subftription, or public or private Donation or Bequeil 5 and that the Monies to be paid for the Purchase thereof shall be certified for Payment by the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, or by the Delegates of Elates of the said University, and shall be by them paid out of the Monies which shall come to their Hands for that Purpose, to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Colie -giate, entitled thereto; or shall he laid out and disposed of in the Bapk of England, in the manner by this Act

14 dir$&ed*

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. 136.

directed, as the case may be 5 and upon Payment of the Money required to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses and other Buildings and Ground, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or on depositing the fame in the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed, as the case may require, such Premisea shall thereupon .veil absolutely in the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and for all Corporations, whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual, Eleemosynary or Lay, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbanas, Guardians, Committees of or for Lunatics, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, but also for and on behalf of their Ccflttique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself or themselves; and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all Persons, whether Tenants for Life, in Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any of the said Houses and other Buildings and Ground mentioned and comprised in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, to treat and agree with the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars, for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and to convey the same to the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars, and their Successors, for the Purposes mentioned in this Act; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be fb made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person or Persons conveying or intending to convey the fame, but also to convey all Right, Title, Estate and Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of the several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them 5 any Law, Statute, Usage or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual, Eleemosynary or Lay, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees and all other Persons whomsoever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for any Tenements or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the University of Oxford, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrances or Parts thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Tenements or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and in veiled under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so p.urchafed, taken or used as a fore said, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiiling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such case's* the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective H^acts^ be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option of Two Trustees, to be nominated br the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the nominating and approving Parties respectively, in order that such Principal Monies, and the Dividends arising thereoD, may be

G EO. III. 6 U applied

1065

Bodies Politic, &c. and Persons under any Disability, empowered to treat with the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars, for Sale of Premiset.

Application of

Purchase

Monies:

Where less than 200l. and not under 20l.

io66

Where less than stol

Proviso respecting disputed Titles.

Satisfaction being made, Houses, See. to be taken down.

Proviso for Privileges of University.

Oeneral Saving.

C. 136: 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed to be paid as last before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or ufied for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Corporation, or any Person or Persons, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Intereil of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as full Satisfaction shall have been made by any of the Means aforesaid to all Persons interested in such Houses, Buildings and Ground, it shall and may be lawful for the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars, and they are hereby empowered to cause the same to be taken down, and to add so much of the Site or Ground thereof to the Site of the said dissolved College aa may be necessary for the intended Improvements of the fame, for the Use and Benefit of the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Hally and shall and may sell and dispose of the Remainder thereof, with the Materials of the said Houses and Buildings, in such manner as the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars, or the said Delegates of Estates, shall think proper, and apply the Produce thereof in the making the said Improvements or Repayment of any Money expended therein.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to take away, diminish or impede the Exercise of any Privilege or Right whatsoever of the said University, or of any of the Magistrates, Officers, Ministers or Servants thereunto belonging.

XIX. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and his and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, (other than and except the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, and the said President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College9 and the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Hally) all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest, as they, every or any of them, could or ought to have had or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

The SCHEDULE to which this A<fl refers.

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION. OWNERS.

Ann Bailey Edward Hutton - Robert Bateman Herbert Edward Leader - James Stone - - Dorothy Barker - Richard Paine A Dwelling House - - A Dwelling House - - j A Dwelling House and small Court Yard Ditto -A Dwelling House, Shop under Hert- ford College Library, and a small > Garden and Court Yard - -J A Dwelling House and small Court Yard A small Public House, and Court Yard^Thomas Preston, under a beneficial Lease from the City of Oxford. Edward Hutton, under a similar Lease. Jane Vowles. Ditto. James Stone. The Reverend Mr. Dere. Edward Michlem, under a beneficial Lease from the City of Oxford.

1067

56° GEORGII III. C. 137, 138, 139.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An Act for the better Relief f the Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts.

[ad July 1816.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King James 1 Jac. 1. c. 15.

1 the First, intituled An Act for the better Relief of the Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupt,

it was amongst other things enacted, that no Debtor of a Bankrupt should be thereby endangered for the ' Payment of his or her Debt truly and bona fide to any such Bankrupt, before such time as he should under-

stand or know that he was become Bankrupt: And Whereas the Provisions of the said Statute have been found to be beneficial, and it is also expedient to make such Provisions respecting the Delivery of Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes and Effects as are herein after contained May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, Joint Stock or other Persons not eu-Company, havingin his, her or their Possession or Custody any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects belonging dangered by De-to any Person or Persons who shall be or become Bankrupt, shall be endangered for or by reason of the Delivery Goods

of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects truly and bona fide to such Person or Persons, or to his, Banfcwts^ot her or their Order, before such time as the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, Joint Stock or having a Know-other Company, having such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects in his or their Possession or Custody, ledge of stich shall understand or know that the Person or Persons to whom such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects do Bankruptcy, or shall belong, is or are become Bankrupt.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That in all cases in which it shall be proved that the Person Bodies Politic, or Persons acting on the behalf of any Body Politic or Corporate, Joint Stock or other Company, in the pay- &c. deemed to ing or causing or directing the Payment of any Debt, or in the delivering or causing or directing the Delivery know Bank of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects, to any Person or Persons, understood or knew that the Person Ptcy prfon or Persons or any of them to whom such Debt was paid, or such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects were delivered, was or were or had become Bankrupt, such Body Politic or Corporation, Joint Stock or other e*Company, shall be deemed and taken to have understood and known the same.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act to abolish the Punishment of the Pillory, except in certain cases. [ad July 1816.]

WHEREAS the Punishment of the Pillory has in many cases been found inexpedient and not fully to answer the Purpose for which it was intended* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act Judgment shall not be given and awarded against any Person or Persons convicted of any Offence, that such Person or Persons do stand in or upon the Pillory, except for the Offences herein after mentioned5 any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided that all Laws now in force whereby any Person is subject to Punishment for the taking any false Oath, or for committing any manner of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or for the procuring or suborning any other Person so to do, or for wilfully, falsely and corruptly affirming or declaring, or procuring or suborning any other Person so to affirm and declare, in any matter or thing, which if the fame had been deposed in the usual Form would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect; and that all Persons guilty of any of the said several Offences shall incur and suffer the fame Punishment, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Persons were subject to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or any of them, before the passing of this Act and as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Punishment of the Pillory has hitherto formed the whole or a Part of the Judgment to be pronounced, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom such Offence is tried, to pals such Sentence of Fine or Imprisonment, or of both, in lieu of the Sentence of Pillory, as to the said Court shall seem most proper: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any manner to change, alter or affect any Puniftimept whatsoever which may now be by Law inflicted in respect of any Offence, except only the Punishment of Pillory, in manner as herein above is enacted.

Judgment of Pillory to be awarded for certain Offences only.

Cour\ may fine or imprison Offenders.

Not to change any Punishment foe Offences, except the Pillory.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act to regulate the binding of Parish Apprentices.

[2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS many Grievances have arisen from the binding of poor Children as Apprentices by Pariftt

Officers to improper Persons, and to Persons residing at a Distance from the Parishes to which V such Poor Children belong, whereby the said Parish Officers, aBd the Parents of such Children, are deprived of the Opportunity of knowing the manner in which such Children are treated, and the Parents and Children have, in many Instances, become estranged from each other; and also from the Fermission given to Apprentices, by the Persons to whom such Apprentices have been bound, to serve others without ' a formal Argument, whereby the Discretion to be exercised by Magistrates in placing out Apprentices

6 U % 1 tQ

io68

How Parish Apprentices shall be bound.

Justices to enquire into certain Matters,

may examine the Parents.

In what case Justices to make an Order that Overseers bind the Child Apprentice.

Proviso as to employing Apprentice out of the County where bound.

Indenture to be allowed by Two Justices of the County into which Apprentice is to be bound, as well as by Two Justices of the County from which he is bound.

Notice to Overseers before Indenture allowed.

Allowance by County Magistrates valid in Placeshaving exclusive Jurisdiction.

Distance to which Apprentices bound not limited to Cities which are Counties of themselves.

No Settlement gained unless Directions complied with. Overseers binding Appren-

C. 139. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

to suitable Persons, is frequently rendered of no avail For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of October in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, before any Child shall be bound Apprentice by the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township or Race, such Child shall be carried before Two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Place wherein such Parish, Township or Place shall be situate, who shall enquire into the Propriety of binding such Child Apprentice to the Person or Persons to whom it shall be proposed by such Overseers to bind such Child; and such Justices shall particularly esquire and consider whether such Person or Persons reside, or have his, her or their Place or Places of Business within a reasonable Distance from the Place to which such Child shall belong, having regard to the Means of Communication between such Places, or whether any Circumstances shall make it fit, in the Judgement of such Justices, that such Child should be placed Apprentice at a greater Distance; and if the Father or Mother of such Child shall be living, and shall reside in or near the Place to which such Child shall belong, such Justices shall (if they fee fit) examine such Father or Mother, or either of them, and shall particularly esquire as to the Distance of the Residence or Place of Business of the Person or Persons to whom it shall be proposed to place such Child, and the Means of Communication therewith; and such Justices shall also enquire into the Circumstances and Character of such Person or Persons; and if such Justices shall, upon such Examination and Enquiry, think it proper that such Child should be bound Apprentice to such Person or Persons, such Justices shall make an Order, declaring that such Person or Persons is or are fit Person or Persons to whom such Child may be properly bound as Apprentice, and shall thereupon order that the Overseer or Overseers of the Place to which such Child shall belong, shall be at liberty to bind such Child Apprentice accordingly; which Order shall be delivered to such Overseer or Overseers, as the Warrant for binding such Child Apprentice as aforesaid, and such Order shall be referred to by the Date thereof, and the Names of the said Justices in the Indenture of Apprenticeship of such Child j and after such Order shall have been made, such Justices shall sign their Allowance of such Indenture of Apprentice ship, before the same shall be executed by any of the other Parties thereto 2 Provided always, that no such Child shall be bound Apprentice to any Person or Persons redding or having any Establishment ia Trade, at which it is intended that such Child shall be employed out of the same County, at a greater Distance than Forty Miles from the Parish or Place to which such Child shall belong, unless such Child shall belong to some Parish or Place which shall be more than Forty Miles from the City of London, in which case it shall be lawful for the Justices who shall authorize the apprenticing of such Child to make a special Order for that Purpose, in which Order such Justices shall distinctly specify the Grounds on which they shall think fit to allow of the apprenticing of such Child to a Person or Persons residing, or having an Establishment in Trade, at a greater Distance than Forty Miles from the Parish or Place to which such Child shall belong.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Residence or Establishment of Business of the Person or Persons to whom any Child shall be bound, shall be within a different County or Jurisdiction of the Peace, from that within which the Place by the Officers whereof such Child shall be bound shall be situated, and in all other cases where the Justices of the Peace for the District or Place within which the Place by the Officers whereof such Child shall be bound shall be situated, and who shall sign the Allowance of the Indenture by which such Child shall be bound, shall not have Jurisdiction, every Indenture by which such Child shall be bound at any time after the said First Day of OSobtr shall be allowed as well by Two Justices of the Peace for the County or District within which the Place by the Officers of which such Child shall be bound shall be situated, as by Two Justices of the Peace for the County or District within which the Place shall be situated wherein such Child shall be intended to serve: Provided always, that no Indenture shall be allowed by any Justice of the Peace for the County into which such Child shall be bound, who shall be engaged in the fame Business, Employment or Manufacture in which the Person to whom such Child shall be bound is engaged; and Notice shall be given to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place in which such Child shall be intended to serve an Apprenticeship, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or District within which such Parhh or Place shall be, shall allow such Indenture5 and such Notice shall be proved before such Justice shall sign such Indenture, unless One of such Overseers shall attend such Justice, and admit such Notice.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the Allowance of Two Justices of the Peace for the County, within which the Place in which such Child shall be intended to serve an Apprenticeship shall be situated, shall be valid and effectual, although such Place may be situated in a Town or Liberty within which any other Justices of the Peace may in other respects have an exclusive Jurisdiction.

1 IV. And Whereas there are several Cities and Boroughs which are Counties of themselves, and several ' Districts situated without the Limits of the County to which such Districts respectively belong Be it enacted, That the Distance to which Parish Apprentices may be bound, shall not be construed to be limited to such Cities and Boroughs being Counties, but shall extend to the County in which any such City and Borough, and any such District, though belonging to another County, shall be locally situated.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Settlement shall be gained by any Child who shall be bound by the Officers of any Parish, Township or Place, by reason of such Apprenticeship, unless such Order shall be made, and* such Allowances of such Indenture of Apprenticeship shall be signed, as hereinbefore directed.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case any Overseer or Overseers shall bind an Apprentice to any Person or Persons, without having obtained such Order and such Allowances as hereinbefore required, and in case any Person or Persons shall receive any such Apprentice as so bound, without such Order and Allowances having'

f 3 been

56° GEORGII III.

C. 139. 1069

been first obtained, the said Overseer or Overseers, and the said Person or Persons, shall each respectively rices contrary forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, for each Apprentice so bound, to be recovered as the Penalties herein after heret0* given are directed to be recovered. Penalty.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of October it shall not be lawful Children not to

for any Parish Officers to bind out any Child as Parish Apprentice, until such Child shall have attained the af

Age of Nine Years, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. uined Nine*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any Child shall be bound Ap- Year*, prentice by the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Place, (h.ill after the said First Day of October remove in case* of Maf-nis, her or their Re(idence or Establishment of Business, out of the same County or Forty Miles from the ter*' Removal, Parish or Place wherein the fame was when such Child was bound Apprentice, such Person or Persons shall, &c* ^.ow AP*

at lead Fourteen Days previous to such Removal, give a written Notice thereof to the Churchwardens or ntfC^f 6

Overseers of the Poor of the Place where such Apprentice shall then reside, unless such Person or Persons shall reside in such Place under Certificate; and in that case such Persons shall give the like Notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Place where such Apprentice shall then be legally settled, and which Churchwardens and Overseers, and also the Master or Masters, Mistress or Mistresses of such Apprentice, shall cause such Apprentice to appear before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or District within which such Apprentice shall be then serving, who shall esquire whether it may be fit and proper that such Apprentice should continue in the Service of such Person or Persons, or be discharged therefrom, or bound or assigned over to any other Person or Persons, and shall thereupon make order, either for the Continuance of such Apprentice with such Person or Persons, or for the Discharge of such Apprentice, or for the binding or aligning of such Apprentice to any other Person, as to them in their Discretion shall seem meet, and if they shall lee fit, shall also require the Person or Persons so giving Notice Notice of Rc* of Removal, to pay the Amount of the Premium received with such Apprentice, or such Portion of it as raova*to them shall seem meet, for the Expence of assigning or binding such Apprentice to any other Person, to be approved by the said Justices; and the Person or Persons to whom such Apprentice shall be so bound or assigned, shall be subject to the same Rules and Regulations as the Person or Penons to whom such Apprentice shall be originally bound; and in case any such Master or Masters, Mistress or Mistresses, shall remove Master*, fee. teas aforesaid, and shall take any such Apprentice to any other Place, without such Order as aforesaid, or shall m°y, n8 an(1 wilfully abandon and leave any such Apprentice, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, every Person so ricttwiAwa*" offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Apprentice, to the Churchwardens and Over- order. feer8 of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, wherein, at the time of such Removal or Taking, the Penalty. Apprentice shall have been legally settled, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish, Township or Place; provided an Information shall be exhibited for such Offence within Three Calendar Months next after the Commission of the same.

IX. And Whereas it may be expedient, that those to whom Parish Apprentices are bound or assigned should be empowered to place out or assign over such Apprentice to others, and it is proper that such placing out or Assignments should in all Instances be under the Inspection and Controul of the Magistrates;

and it is lit that the Person to whom such putting out or Assignment shall be made, and also the Apprentice, shall be made subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace, with respect to Matters and Parish Apprentices; and it is inexpedient that any Master or Mistress should in any way ifcharge or dismiss from his or her Service, any Parish Apprentice without the Consent ef such Justices Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, Provision* of it shall not be lawful for any Master or Mistress to put away or transfer any Parish Apprentice to any other, 3iO.3-c. 57. or in any way to discharge or dismiss from his or her Service any Parish Apprentice without such Consent with r$r

of Justices, as is directed in an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 0rVifcharging^ intituled An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices; and that no Settlement shall be gained by Apprentice*, any Service of such Apprentice, after such putting away or Transfer, unless such Service shall nave been 310.3. c. 57. performed under the Sanction of such Consent as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, who, after the First Day of October in the Discharging Ap-Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall put away or transfer any Parish Apprentice to another, or prentices without who shall in any way discharge or dismiss from his or her Service any Parish Apprentice without such Consent

is aforesaid, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every Apprentice so transferred. Penalty.

XI. And Whereas the salutary Provisions enacted by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the 43 ELc.».

Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Poor, are frequently evaded in the binding out of Poor Children, and the Premium of Apprenticeship, or a Part thereof, is clandestinely provided by Parish Officers, who are thus enabled to bind out such Poor Children without the Sanction of Justices of Peace; Be it further enacted, That after the said First Day of October, no Indenture Indentures not-of Apprenticeship by reason of which any Expence whatever shall at any time be incurred by the Public valid unless ap-Parochial Funds, shall be valid and effectual, unless approved of by Two Justices of the Peace, under their Pr<jved by Two Hands and Seals, according to the Provisions of the said Act and of this Act. u tlces*

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed for any Offence against Penalties how this Act, shall and may be recovered by Information before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County or recorcred. District where such Offence shall be committed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices before whom any Justices era-such Penalty shall be recovered, to direct such Penalty, after deducting the necessary Costs and Charges ^speual* attending any Information, and the Proceedings thereon, to be paid, applied and distributed, either to the*0 CDa'Person or Persons giving Information of the Offence for which such Penalty shall be incurred, or to the

Overseer

1070

Recovery of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

Not paying Penalty.

Imprisonmeur.

Appeal.

Power of Over-seers extended to Churchwardens.

41 G. 3. c. 97.

§8.

*7 G. 3. c. 31.

17.

C. 139, 140. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Overseer of the Poor of the Parish or Township in which Offence shall have been committed, or by the Officers whereof such Apprentice shall have been bound, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Township, or in the binding of the Apprentice, respecting whom such Offence shall be committed, to any other Person, or to be distributed and applied for any One or more of such Purposes, as to such Justices shall seem meet.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case of Non Payment of any Penalty hereby imposed, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted, or of any other Two Justices of the Peace of the same County or District 5 and for want of such Distress, such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Period not less than One, nor more than Six Months, to be appointed by the Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Conviction of all Offences against this Act, shall be in the Form following; that is to say,

4 "DE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of Our Lord

4 is convicted before us of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the County of upon the Information of

for that [here Jlate the Offence1 contrary to the Form of the Statute passed in the Fifty sixth of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the binding of Parish Apprentices, and for which Offence we do adjudge that the said shall forfeit and pay the Sum of

4 to be paid and applied as follows [[here ffate the Application of the Penalty'] and in case

such Penalty shall not be paid by the said or levied by Distrefe upon

Goods and Chattels, within Days from the Date of this Conviction, we adjudge that the said

shall be imprisoned in for the Space of

Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year first above mentioned.'

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person convicted for any Offence against this Act shall not pay the Penalty imposed by such Conviction within One Calendar Month next after such Conviction shall take place, it shall be lawful to and for the Justices making such Conviction, or for any Two other Justices of the County or District, to issue their Warrant for the apprehending and imprisoning of such Offender, not with (landing such Offender may have Goods or Chattels whereby such Penalty might nave been levied.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with any Act done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, may appeal against the same to any Court or General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County within which such Act shall have been done, within Three Calendar Months after the Fact so complained of, upon giving Notice in Writing to such Justice or Justices, and also to the Person or Persons who shall be interested in such Appeal, within Twenty one Days next after the Act so appealed against shall have taken place; and in case such appeal shall be against any Conviction, entering into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, before any Justice of the Peace of the County or District within which such Conviction shall have taken place, to appear at such General or Quarter Sessions to abide the Judgment of the Court upon such Appeal, and to pay the Cods which may be awarded thereon; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices at such Sessions to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to award Costs therein, as they in their Discretion shall think fit$ and all such Appeals shall be to the Sessions of the County within which the Act appealed against shall have taken place, and not to any District or Liberty within the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions and Penalties herein contained respecting Overseers of the Poor, shall be deemed to extend to all Churchwardens having the Power and Authority of Overseers of the Poor; and that all the Provisions herein mentioned and contained respecting any Parish or Place, shall extend to any incorporated or other District for the Maintenance of the Poor; and that the Officers of any such District, having Power to biud Apprentices, shall be subject to all the Rules, Regulations and Penalties herein mentioned and contained respecting Overseers of the Poor.

CAP. CXL.

An Act for establishing the Use of an Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer, in ascertaining the

Strength of Spirits, instead of Clarke's Hydrometer.

[2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among othe^ things, for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign o* 4 His present Majesty, as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, it was enacted, that so much of an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Possession at a certain times upon which the Duties on Importation have been paidf and for amending federal Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, as directed that all Spirits should be deemed and taken

to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, fhofald upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to continue in force until the Fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and which by several subsequent Acts was continued until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, should be made perpetual: And Whereas, since the passing of the said Acts, an Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, haul with great Care been completed, and hath by proper Experiments made for that Purpose been

ascertained

1071

A.D. 1816.56° GEORGII III. C. 140.

ascertained to denote as Proof Spirit that which at the Temperature of Fifty one Degrees by Fahrenheit's 4 Thermometer, weighs exactly Twelve thirteenth Parts of an equal Measure of distilled Water; and also to determine the Strengths of all other Spirits, in Proportion to the Quantity of such Proof Spirit which is contained therein, or which can be made from them, with a Degree of Accuracy never before attained; and it is expedient to establish the fame, in lieu and in (lead of the said Hydrometer, called Clarke*8 Hydrometer,

which still remains in Use in Great Britain, under and by virtue of the said Act; and it is also expedient to 1 repeal the said recited Clause of the said Act, made in the Forty first Year of the Reign aforesaid; and also an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled An Act to authorise the Lord High Treqfurer or Commtjfoners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revsnues, to he discontinued, and other Instruments to he used instead thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the said recited Clause, and also the said Act made in the Forty second Year aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby respectively repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, all Spirits shall save and except in the several cases herein after expressly mentioned and otherwise provided for) be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the said Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, denote such Spirits to be, any thing in the said Acts, or in any other Act or Act 8, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things, in any Act or Acts contained, and not hereby expressly controuled or altered, nor repugnant to the Provisions of this Act, relating to the ascertaining the Degree of Strength of any Spirits, or to the Degree of Strength of any Spirits, for any Purpose whatever, relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, by the said Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer, or by any other Hydrometer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be in full Force, and applied in all Respects as to the said Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, as fully and effectually as if the fame were hereby particularly reenacted as to such last mentioned Hydrometer.

III. And Whereas the Strengths of Spirits denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, according to the Temperature thereof, have been set down in a Table, intituled, A Table of the Strengths of Spirits denoted by Sikes's Hydrometer, " and which said Table has been and is subscribed with the Hand of the Right Honourable Nicholas Vansittart> Chancellor of the Exchequer of Great Britain; and Three accurate Scales or Sliding Rules have been also constructed and prepared, to be used with the said Hydrometer, for the more convenient and ready Calculation of the Quantity of Spirits of certain Strengths, specified by the said Scales or Sliding Rules, respectively contained in or which, can be made from any Quantity of Spirits of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such Spirits, may be denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer 5 one of the said Scales or Sliding Rules shewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centurn of the Strength of Proof contained in or which can be made from Spirits of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such Spirits, shall be denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sites's Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of such Spirits; another of such Scales or Sliding Rules shewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, contained in or which can be made from Spirits of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such Spirits, shall be denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of such Spirits; and another of such Scales or Sliding Rules shewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the Strength of Twenty eight per Centum under Proof, contained in or which can be made from Spirits of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such Spirits, shall be denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of such Spirits $ and it is expedient to make such Provision for and in respect thereof as is herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That the said Strengths of Spirits so set down in the said Table, shall, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, be deemed and taken to be true and just 5 and the said Scales or Sliding Rules respectively shall also, m and throughout the said United Kingdom, be deemed accurate and just; and the said Table and Scales or Sliding Rules respectively shall, on all necessary or convenient Occasions, be used by the Officer and Officers of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs and Excise respectively, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, for the Purposes in that behalf aforesaid; and the Relults of such Use shall on all such Occasions be deemed and taken to be accurate and just Results.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of the Strength of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excise, with the said Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, the Strength of Nine per Centum above Proof, denoted by \he said Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer, shall be substituted for the Strength of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, or in apy other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, in force immediately before the passing of this Act; and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts, or any or either of them, for or by reason of their being of a higher Degree of Strength than last aforesaid, shall, together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited, for and by reason of the said Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Strength of Nine per Centum above Proof; and that iti all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer, shall be substituted for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the

nf said

4* G.3- c. 97.

Recited Clause in 41 G. 3. c. 97. and the Act 4* G. 3. c. 97. repealed.

All Spirits to be deemed of the Strength of which Sikes's Hydrometer shall denote them.

Establishment of the Table of Strengths and Sliding Rule for Sikes's Hydrometer.

Regulating the Strength of Spirits, &c.

G.3. c. 73. §60.

1072 c. 140.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

16 G. 3. c. 73.'$26, 27. 31* a8 G. 3. c. 46.

§48.

30 G. 3. c. 37* §3.

52 G. 3. c. 3a

§ I.

iG. 3. C.J. §24*

G. 3. c. 73. 33 G. 3. c. 6l. S 16.

Forfeiture! unde* 33 G. 3. c. 61. together with Calks, &c. and all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under la(l mentioned Acts, to remain so for Offences against this Act.

Forfeiture of Spirits when discovered to exceed the Quantity found in Stock at the time of taking the preceding Account.

a8G. 3. c. 46. Proviso, that Spirits made in Scotland for Exportation to England, shall not be forfeited for Importation into England, unless they exceed Eight per Centum above Proof.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

said Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His said present Majesty8 Reign 5 of in another Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of His said Majesty, Reign, 2mong other things, for better regulating the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland and from Scotland to England; or of another Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, among other things, to continue Two Acts made in the Twenty eighth and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty therein mentioned; or of another Act made in the Fifty second Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, among other things, for regulating the Warehousing of Spirits distilled from Corn in Ireland for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon 5 or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise in any Part of the United Kingdom, in force immediately before the passing of this Act 5 and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts, or any or either of them, for or by reason of their higher Degree of Strength than lull aforesaid, shall, together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited for and by reason of the said Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Eight her Centum above Proof; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Fifteen per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sites,* Hydrometer, shall m like manner be substituted for the Strength of One to Six under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, among other things, for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sites98 Hydrometer, shall inlike manner be substituted for the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid 5 or in another Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, among other things, for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; or in another Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, among other things, for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, in force immediately before the passing of this Act 5 and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty third Year aforesaid, for or by reason of their higher Degree of Strength than last aforesaid, shall, together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited, for and by reason of the said Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Seventeen per Centum under Proof; and also that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of any other of the said last mentioned Acts, for or by reason of their lower Degree of Strength than last aforesaid, shall together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited for and by reason of the said Spirits being of a lower Degree of Strength than the said Seventeen per Centum under Proof 5 and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Twenty per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sites's Hydrometer, shall be substituted for the Strength of One in Five under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the said Act of the Thirtieth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, in force immediately before the passing of this Act 5 and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts, or any or either of them, for or by reason of their higher Degree of Strength than last aforesaid, shall, together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited, for or by reason of the said Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Twenty per Centum under Proof; and that in all Accounts taken under or by virtue of the Said Ad, made in the Thirtieth Year aforesaid, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the Stock of British Brandy, redified Britjb Spirits, raw British Spirits, Compounds or other Britjb Spirits, of any Redifier or Redifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not), all and every such Stock and Stocks shall be taken and computed at the Strength of Twenty eight per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sites*s Hydrometer, in lieu and instead of calling and computing the fame at the Strength of One in Three and Three fourths under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act; and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, for or by reason of any such Stock added to the Quantity of Spirits, for which Permits shall have been granted lince the time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, being found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock, at the time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock by the Officer or Officers of Excise, added to the Quantity fmee received or made, as in the said last mentioned Act is mentioned, with the Allowance in the said last mentioned Act in that behalf mentioned, shall be and remain forfeited for or by reason of such Stock being found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock at the time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, calling or computing the fame in manner directed by this Act; and that all British Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Forty three per Centum above Proof, denoted by the fame Hydrometer called Sites's Hydrometer, shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine, within the Meaning of the said Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided always, that if the Strength of any Spirits manufactured and imported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part, of Great Britain called England as aforesaid shall upon Trial, by any Officer or Officers of Excise in England, by the said Hydrometer, called Sites}s Hydrometer, be denoted to be greater than that of Eight per Centum above Proof, and such Excess shall not exceed Three per Centum over and above the said Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, then and in such case the said Spirits shall not be forfeited, but shall be charged with a further Duty, proportioned to their said Surplus Strength.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Law9 of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill*

Plaint,

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III. C. 140, 141, 143. 1073

Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be varied, altered Act may be

or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament. altered, &c.

VII. Provided always, That this Act shall have Continuance until the First Day of August which will be Continuance of

in the Year One thousann eight hundred and eighteen, and no longer. Act.

CAP. CXLI.

An Act for enabliag Ecclesiastical Corporate Bodies, under certain Circumstances, to alienate Lands

for enlarging Cemeteries or Churchyards.

[2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS Cemeteries, Churchyards or Burying Grounds, are in various Places found to be too final* c W and the fame catouot be conveniently enlarged, without appropriating for Consecration some Part o*

' the Lands belonging to Corporations or Spiritual Persons, not authorized by Law to alienate such Land for any Purpose whatsoever f Be it enacted by The King's Most Excelleat Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemblefl, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Body Corporate or Spiritual Person, being a Corporation Sole, possessing any Land adjacent to any Cemetery, Churchyard or Burying Ground, to fell, by Indenture of Bargain and Sale, inrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months, for the Purpose of Consecration, such Portion thereof as may be deemed necessary for enlarging any such Cemetery, Churchyard or Burying Ground, not exceeding One Acre.

II. Provided always, That in case of any Spiritual Person, being a Corporation Sole, the Consent of the Lord Bishop of the i)iocefe or Ordinary, and of the Patron of the Living held by such Corporation Sole, shall be testified by their being Parties to the Alienation of the said Land 5 and that previously thereto the Value of such Land shall be ascertained, and, together with a Description thereof, be committed to Writing by fgme eom-peterit Person, to be named and appointed by the Ordinary; which Person so appointed shall verify the fame on Oath, before some Ode of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace for the County, Town or Distritftin which such Land is situated 5 which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer; and in case the Value shall appear to exceed One hundred Pounds, that other Lands, of at lead an equal Value, estimated and verified in manner aforesaid, shall be well and legally conveyed to and for the fame Ufea as the Lands couveyed by the said Spiritual Persons or Corporations Sole, and as the Confutation thereof; and in case the Value shall appear not to amount to One hundred Pounds, but shall exceed Twenty Pounds, such Value shall be paid to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne9 for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, to be by them used and applied for the Benefit of such Spiritual Person or Corporation Sole, in the same manner as they are now empowered by Law to use and apply other Sums of Money coming into their Hands 5 and in case the Value shall not amount to Twenty Pounds, the said Value shall be paid in Money to such Spiritual Person or Corporation Sole, to be by him applied at his own Discretion.

III. Provided always, That no Alienation made by virtue of this Act shall be questioned after the Expiration of Twenty Years from the time of such Alienation, on account of any Want of Compliance with the Forms prescribed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Ground which has been or shall be consecrated as Burial Ground shall, after Twenty Years from the time of such Consecration, be considered as discharged from all adverse Titles, Claims and Demands whatsoever, and as absolutely vested in the Trustee or Trustees, if any, thereof; and if there should not be any such Trustee or Trustees, then in the Vicar or Perpetual Curate, if any, for the time being; and if there should not be any Vicar or Perpetual Curate, then in the Rector for the time being of each Parish in which such Burial Ground is or shall be situate.

CAP. CXLII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Par-

fad July 1816.]

Surplus out of Consolidated Fund Part of Monies in the Exchequer to complete Aids for 1815.

Surplus of the Grants for 1815.

Being It Parts of 679, 905l. arisen from Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores IfTued prior to 5th January 1810. and remaining as Out Cash in the Chest of the Four Tellers of the Exchequer Provided that whenever the Payment of the whole or any Part of the said Sum of 43, 247l. 3l. i 1 Id.

6 X

Bodies Corpo-rtte may fell Portions of Land adjoining Cemeteries for enlarging thereof:

With certain Coofents.

Value of the Land to he ascertained.

If Value above iool other Lands to be conveyed. Application of the Money if under that Value.

Time within which Alienations may be questioned. Burial Ground discharged of adverse Titles, Stc. after ao Years from Consecration thereof

liament.

u. II. 3, 000, 000 18, 694, 100 0 0 0 0

III. IV. 5.663, 755 599, 916 0 0 3 6

V. 43>247 3 " i

VI.

J<3 Geo. III.

i°74

C. 142.

56° GEORGII III.

A JD. 1816.

remaining as Out Caffi in the Chest of the Four Tellers as aforesaid, shall be demanded at the Exchequer, the Treasury shall Discharge the same.

VII. 13, 205 $ 3i Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th January

1816. for Payment of certain Annuities for Terms of Years which expired Annie 179a. 1805, 1806 and 1807.

Provided that whenever Payment of the whole or j any Part of the said Sum of 13, 205l. 5l. $\d. remaining for Payment of certain Annuities for Terms of Years as aforesaid, shall be demanded at the Exchequer, the Officers of the Receipt to Discharge the same.

6, 326 o 9} Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th July

1815, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund for Services which cannot now be claimed

72, 973 15 3 Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th January

1816, on the Funds for Payment of Annuities on Lives granted Annie 1745, 1746. 1757. 1778 and 1779, on which the Lives have expired (ince the 5th January 1802

6, 545 5 4 Being the Amount of Money paid by the Receivers General of the Land Tax, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, pursuant to 37 G. 3. c. 4.

3, 500, 000 o O Arising by 56 G. 3. r. 17. - - v

791988 16 6 Arising from the Sale of Old Naval and Victualling

Stores

XIV. Monies raised by Exchequer Bills by 56 G. 3. c. 3. not exceeding* 3, 000, 000l. viz.

x, 000, 000 o o By Exchequer Bills 56 G- 3. c. 4.,

6.000. 000 o o Advanced by the Bank under 56 G. 3. c. 14. so much of the Monies coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Lotteries granted by 56 G. 3. c. 61. as shall remain after paying One Third Part of the Profits that shall arise from such Lotteries, for the Service of Ireland

3.000. 000 o o Advanced by the Bank under 56 G. 3. c. 96.

Money arising from unclaimed Dividends under 56 G. 3. c. 97. viz.

13, 000, 000 o o By Exchequer Bills under 56 G. 3. r. 54.

(granted above, f IV.) -

(granted above, f V.) -

(granted above, yVII.) -(granted above, f IX.)

(granted above, j X.)

(granted above, f XI.) -

(granted above, $ II.) Arising by 56 G. 3. c. 17. being the Surplus of the Grants for 1815, granted out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund -

o 0 Surplus of the Grants for 1815 o o of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain

VIII.

IX,

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

Granted to make good the Supply for Great Britain for 1816.

599, 916

43>247

11, 205

6, 326

72>973

6, 545

18, 694, 100

3, 500, 000

5*663, 755 3, 000, 000

6

ill

31

9i

3

4 o

XV. Money coming into the Irish Exchequer in Ireland from Treasury Bills under c6 G. 3. r.42.

From Treasury Bills under 56 G. 3. r. 41.

From Lotteries - - c. 6l.

From Treasury Bills - .« c. 47. -

Arisen from the Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores -

For Naval Services; that is to say, £. /. d. For Wages of 33, 000 Men,

For Victuals,

For Wear and Tear of Ships,

For Ordnance for Sea Service,

Ii

79, 988 16 6

XVI. 10, 114, 345 11 7

7<5i>475 O 0

1, 077, 862 10 0

922, 350 0 0

150, 150 0 0

For Service of Ireland* See § XXVII.

Appropriated to Uses herein after exprefifed. See § XVI. &c.

Appropriated to Uses herein after expressed.

See § XVI. &c.

Atper Manper Month,

£. /. d.

f115 61

ri 2 10 3

4o ? o°J

For 13 Months.

A.D. 1816.

*59*7*3 i 7

82, 619^6

43, 864 n 6 49*95 3 47*533* 33, 061 7 o

35*45°*05*453 <5 6 60, 728 5 o 47, 49691

6, 791 3 5

57, 462 18 7

54*4*3 7 6 141, 121 o 3 3, 467 10 o 132, 960 7 6

113, 149 o o 535*589 o o

1, 179, 841 7 6

7*»77 3 4

2, 102, 563 o o

C. 142.

479, 156 o o

6*3035 3

1, 611, 041 2 4

69, 820 o o 112, 904 6 7 3, 080 15 10 XVII. 60, 000 XVIII. 12, 044, 333 18 8

385, 27696

333*693 11 6

514, 288 7 4

142, 872 1 2

718, 18898, 539*7070 4

462, 760 o o 119, 856 18 6

*o»*35 5 5

56° GEORGII III.

Tor Salaries and Contingencies of the Admiralty For the Navy Office For the Navy Pay Office For the Victualling Office -

Eor Deptford Yard For Woolwich Yard For Chatham Yard - For Sheernest Yard

For Portsmouth Yard, fice. - For Plymouth Yard - For the Out Ports - For the Foreign Yards -

For Victualling Yards - For Officers and Men of Vessels in Ordinary For Bounty to Chaplains

For Victuals for Officers and Men of Vefleh in Ordinary -

For Expence of Harbour, Mooring and Rigging - For the Ordinary Repairs of Ships, Docks and Buildings in the several Yards and Offices.

For Half Pay, Superannuation Allowances and v, v -

Pensionsto Officers of His Majesty's Navy and

Royal Marines, their Widows and Relatives - For Superannuation Allowances to Commissioners,

Secretaries, Clerks and others, in the Civil Department of the Admiralty, and of Allowances £1 lieu of Half Pay to Naval Officers formerly in Civil Departments -

For the Building, Rebuilding and Repairs of Ships of.War in His Majesty's and the Merchants*

Yards, and other extra Works over and above what are proposed to be done, upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary -

For the Purchase of Provisions for Foreign Stations and Rations of Troops, to be embarked on board of Ships of War and Transports -

For Salaries and Contingent Expences of the Transport Office and for Sick and Wounded For the Transport Office

For Prisoners of War - For Sick and Wounded Seamen For Superannuations in the Transport Service

For Preparations for the Marriage of the Princess Charlotte Augujla« For Land Forces and other Services; that is to say.

For Household Troops

For the Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dra- goons, and the Royal Waggon Train, proposed to be stationed in Great Britain -

For the Corps of Infantry of the Line proposed to be employed in Great Britain, and in the Islands in the Channel -

For the Regiments of Cavalry proposed to be stationed in Ireland -

For the Corps of Infantry of the Line, proposed to be stationed in Ireland - - - For the Year 1816.

For the Corps of Regular Cavalry and Infantry, proposed to be employed on Stations Abroad,

(excepting the Corps stationed in France, and in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company) -

For Miscellaneous Charges for Regiments on the British Establishment -

For Miscellaneous Charges for. Regiments of the Line to be stationed in Ireland For Five Troops of Dragoons and Twelve Com 15 panics of Foot stationed in Great Britain, for 6X2

From 25th Dec. 1815. to 24th Dec. 1816.

*°75

1076 CX 142*

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

§£550, 000 o o 182, 727 I 2

114, 302 6 7

460, 890 7 7

I9»677 15 4 910, 316 6 7

93*99 5 8

370, 669 18 5

17, 550 19 11

64, 424 o 3

XIX.

189, 406 10 11

178, 857 16 10

35*000 0 0

106, 063 8 4

39>904 »4 7

17, 964 0 8

i*i3+>59<53 6

*77885 10 1

183, 06a 4 3

110, 113 8 2

90, OCX) 0 0

53>OI3 4 7

127, 863 2 0

44, 800 0 0

405, 240910

178, 626 0 b

150, 000 0 0

100, 00b 0 0

1, 500, 000 0 0

989, 220 7 10

67, 205910

the Purpose of recruiting the Corps employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company

For the embodied Militia of the United Kingdom - For General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments -

For the Pay of Supernumerary Officers For Half Pay to reduced Officers of the British American Forces and Scotch Brigade For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of the British American Forces For In and Out Pensionert of Chelsea and Kil-ma'mham Hospitals -

For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines For Foreign Corps in the Service of the United Kingdom

For Allowances to retired Chaplains, and to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, including the Expences of the Office of Chaplain General and Contingencies - For Allowances on the Compassionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of the Land Forces and to Widows of Officers of the said Forces From 25th Dee. 1815. to not entitled to the Pension, including Allow- 24tn Dec. 1816.

anceB as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to'several Officers and to Relatives of deceased Officers

For Commissariat Department in Ireland For Barrack Department in Ireland For Pay to British Officers in the Portuguese Army For recruiting on the British Establishment

For recruiting the Forces in Ireland For Allowances, Compensations and Emolument# in the Nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Civil Officers, in several public Departments in the United Kingdom, in respect of their having held any public Offices or Employments of a Civil nature For the Land Forces stationed in France For General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals serving with Forces, and the Charge of Garrisons -

For Allowances to the Principal Officers of several public Departments in the United Kingdom, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom For the Local Militia in Great Britain For Medicines and Surgical Materials, for the Land Forces and other Hospital Contingencies --For Exchequer Fees in Great Britain, and of"

Poundage Pells and Hospital Fees in Ireland, upon I flues to be made for Army Services For Storekeeper General's Department For the Commissary in Chief's Department, exclu-five of any Purchases of Specie For Barrack Department in Great Britain For the Disembodied Militia of Great Britain, including the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall, for various Periods in 1816.

For the Disembodied Militia of Ireland for various Periods in 1816.

For Extraordinaries of the Army during the present Year -

For Ordnance for Land Service -

For Expence of Services of Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for in 1814.

For the Year 1816.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 142.

For the Year 1816.

4.16, 851 13 4 For Expence of Services of Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for in 1815.

158, 240 13 o For Charge of Office of Ordnance for Great"]

Britain on Account of Allowances to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers* to Officers seconded and to Officers for good Services, to Superannuated and Disabled Men, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of Deceased Officers, late belonging to the Several Ordnance Military Corps 31, 474' 149 For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, in respect of their having held any PnbHc Offices or Employments of a Civil nature, and also the Charge of Widows' Pensions 200, 000 o o For Expences of Reduction in the Office of Ordnance Land Service in Great Britain 186, 0039o For Ordnance Military Corps employed with the

Army of Occupation in France 3 For Ordnance in Ireland

3 For Ordnance for Ireland not provided for in 1815.

7 For Charge of Office of Ordnance in Ireland on"* account of Pay of Retired Officers of the late Irishr Artillery and Engineers, and of Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame 2, 993 T5 0 For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Al-

198, 837

>9»384

7

12

9

lowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ireland\ in reipe& of their

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV. XXV.

For the Year 1816.

11.024.100 o o

4.500.000 o o

1.500.000 o o

18.694.100 o o 6, 000, 000 o o Civil Establishments;

having held any Public Office or Employment of a Civil nature, and also for the Charge 6f Widows' Pensions -

For discharging Outstanding Exchequer Bills under 55 G. 3

Ditto - - -': -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

c. 4. c. 148. r.149.

- charged upon Aids of 1815. under 55 G. 3. c. 196.

XXVI.

3>301 IO 6

1 >023 O 0

600 0 0

10, 865 O 0

13»44 O 0

6, 196 IO 0

2, 194 O 0

3, 826 O 0

5.4«5 O 0

I2>423 IO 0

15, 660 0 0

2, 000, 000 0 0

260, 000 0 0

39.185 >7 2

33.819 >7 2

174.681 2 6

43.151 2 0

787.400 0 0

19, 685 0 0

Bahama Islands.

Bermudas or Somers Islands,

Dominica,

Upper Canada,

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswici.

Cape Breton,

St, John now Prince Edward Island.

Newfoundland,

New South Wales,

Sierra Leone,

For discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills Being part of 26, 000, 000 of Exchequer Bills charged last Session upon Aids granted by present Session, by Quarterly Payments, to be' placed to Account of Commissioners of National Debt

For the Military Asylum at Chelsea For the Royal Military College -

For discharging on 5th April 1816. certain Annuities under 37 G, 3.

42 G. 3. c. 8.

For discharging on 10th October 1816. certain Annuities under the Said Acts. For discharging on 5th April 1816. certain De-"1

bentures under 53 G, 2. cc, 41. 53. - (To be paid without Fee

For Half Year's Interest on the Monies raised fey f or other Deduction, the said Debentures - - J

For the Year ending 1st Feb. 1817.

From 25th Dec. 1815. to 24th Dec, 1816.

- c. 9. and

1077

1078 C. 142.

£.$oopoo

94M9*

75>2i7

80.000

42.000 4o, opo

00.

*3 4 o o o; o

o o o f o

35, 000

+, 895

i3>83°

10, COO

4, 000

680

o o

6 Q

o o o o o o o o

1, 850 o o,

266

*99

15.000

3 >000

2>955

6, 071

8

16.000

2, 5°°

891

*3 4

00

o o o o 4 o 19 8

10 6

o o

o o 3 "

2, 500 o o

6, 000

19, 000

o o o o

3, 015 18

3, 208

185.000

300.000 116, 450

12 I0£

o o

o o«o

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

For Deficiency or , Lq&, fron* Recoinage of Sj|ver, and Charges apd Expencec

of melting, &c.

To the East India Company for Expences incurred 1 To be paid without Fee by them in the Public Service - 1 - J*

For confining, maintaining and employing Convicts"

at home -

For probable Amount of Bills drawn or to be drawn from Ne<u South Wales

For building a Penitentiary House at MiUhanh -

or other Deduction.

For the Year 1816.

For the Year 1816. to be paid without Fee or 1, other Deduction.

To be paid without Fee

: J

To be paid without Fee.or other Deduction.

For Clergy and Laity of France, Toulontfe and'

Corsican Emigrants, Sain* Domingo Sufferers and Dutch Naval Officers, and Clergy and Laity

of France who have nqt been enabled to return or other Deduction, to their own Country For Purchase of the Elgin Marbles For Superintendence of Aliens.

For Building and Repairs at the new Mint, paid without Fee, &c.

For Law Charges.

For Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin.

For Superannuation Allowances to Retired Officer* of the Mint

For the like to retired Clerks and other Officers of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts

For the like to Joseph Planta Esq. formerly One of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills For the like to retired Officers of the Lottery Office -

For American Loyalists -

For the National Vaccine Establishment For Repairs of King Henry Vllth's Chapel For Supplemental Charge for Printing Bills, Reports and other Papers by Order of the House of Commons for Session of 1813.

For Deficiency of Grant of last Session for Printing Bills, Reports and other Papers by Order of the House of Commons ia Session 1815.

For Printing .Bills, Reports and other Papers by Order of the House of* Commons during the present Session*

For Printing Votes of the House of Commons during the present Session.

For Deficiency of Grant of 1815. for Printing 1, 750 Copies of Voli 68. of Journals of the House of Commons.

For Printing in 1816. 1, 750 Copies of Vol. 69. of Journals of the House of Commons, being for the Session of 1813-14.

For Reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons in 1816.

For Printing A&8 of Parliament for the Two Houses of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the acting Justices throughout Great Britain; also for Printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords for 1816.

For Deficiency of Grant in last Session for Printing Acts of Parliament for the Two Houses of Parliament, and Sheriffs, as above, and for Printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords.

For Deficiency of Grant for 1815. for Reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons.

To replace to Civil List Sum3 become chargeable thereon, or issued thereout since cth January 1816. in respect of those Services which, in pursuance of the Measures now before Parliament in regard to the Civil List, are hereafter to'be otherwise provided for t

For such Expences of a Civil nature as do jiot form a Part of the Ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

To the Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, ' serving under the Command of Admiral Lord Keith, while Commander in Chief on the Coasts of Spain and France, for Captures taken from

A.D. 1816.

rf. 150, 000 o O

V 1.00, 000

0, 253

800'1, 700

50.000

20, 000

75.000

o

19

o

o

o

o

o

7, 500 o o 5, 000 0 o 2, 583 o o 23, 000 D o

3.764

10, 000

16, 490 o o 8, 424 15 o

3, 000 o o

10, 000 o o

3*000

300, 000

5>°°o

2, 181

56° GEORGII III.

the. Enemy and appropriated to the public Ser-

C. 142.

vice

To be paid without Fee or other Dedudioa*

XXVII.

XXVIII.

Irish Currency 1250 o o 24.783 >4 5

3.7*6 5 o

10, 500 o o

25, 000 o o

2, 500

9>297

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

To the Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, under the Command of Captain Robert Campbell at the Capture of Naples, 13th May 1815. for Ships and Stores then taken from the Enemy and restored to the Neapolitan Government To the Governors of Queen Anno* Bounty ]

To the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament. '

For removing the E(lgin Marbles to the British Museum,

For erecting a temporary Building at the British Museum for the Reception of the Elgin Marbles.

For Foreign and other Secret Services for 1816. r.

For making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlaods of Scotland.

For making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William for 1816.

For the Establishment of the Penitentiary House, from 24th June 1816, to 24th June 1817.

Towards building a Penitentiary House at M'dlbanh* and for providing Furniture for the Apartments of the Officers for 1816.

For completing the Embanking the River Thames, in front of the Penitentiary House at Millhank for 1816.

For maintaining and repairing the British Forts on the Coast of Africa for 1816.

For Works at the King's Bench Prison - For repairing the Roads between London and Holy-head by Chester and London, and Bangor Ferry by Shrewjburyf for 1816.

For carrying on in 1816. the Improvements at Holy-head Harbour

Towards Erection of an Asylum for Criminal Lunatics, and for the Maintenance and Government > of such Lunatics -

To Mr. Aaron Graham for the various Services he performed beyond those of Inspector of Convict

For Works carrying on at the College at Edinburgh in 1816.

For the Board of Agriculture for 1816.

To the Portuguese Government, in pursuance of a Convention signed at Vienna 21& January 1815.

For Improvements at Westminster - -J

For Repairs and Alterations at the Royal Military > Paid, fec.without Fee, 5cc. Asylum at Chelsea -J

f in Ireland "]

For several Public Officers for their extraordinary Trouble in 1816.

For Printing, Stationery and other Disbursements') for the Chief and Under Secretaries' Offices and Departments, and other public Offices in Dublin Castle, See. and for Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Pursuivants and extra Messengera attending the said Officers, also Superannuated Allowances in the said Chief Secretary's Office -

For Printing 1, 290 Copies of a com ore fled Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom, for the Ute of the Magistrates of Ireland» and also 250 Copies of a Folio Edition thereof bound, for the Use of the Lords, Bishops and public Officers.

For publishing Proclamations, and other Matters"! of a public Nature, in the Dublin Gazette and I

other Newspapers - } For. One Year ending

For Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Ex-f 5th Jan* 1817.

pence8 - - - J

For apprehending public Offenders - - J

For completing the Sum necessary for the Support of the Non Conforming Ministers.

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 2817.

I079

io8o C, <42.

56° GEORGII IH.

A.D. 1816.

XXIX.

XXX.

£'3>9Sl o 6

2, 112 O O

i , ©47 10 2

1, 086 o. o

740 o o 31, 117 10 o

40.000 o o

46.000 o o 6, 000 o o

300 o o

10.000 o o

21, 600 o o

19, 600 o o

5 4

50, 000 o o

504 o o 769 o o

1, 500 o o

4I»539 o o 32, 725 o o 41, 210 o o

28, 281 o o

8, 932 o o

3, 094 o o 3*437 o o

9.0 ro o o

3>4! 1 o o

777 o o

1 >590 o o

5.000 o o

9*73 O o

6, 000 o o

For the Seceding Ministers from the Synod of? For One Year ending

25th March 1817. Fot One Year ending 24th June 1&16.

Fof the Year ending

Ulster

For Salaries of Lottery Offices

For Pratique of the Port of Dubtin For dothing Heralds, 5c c.

For clothing the Battle Axe Guards For the Bdard of Works For Civil Contingencies For Works for Hovoth Harbour

25th Dec. 1816.

I For Three Years from 17th March 1816. yFor Eighteen Months, V from 1st June 1816.

- For 1816.

{For the Year ending 5th Jan. 1817.

- For 1816.

For constructing Fountains in the Liberties of Dublin, and for supplying the Poor with Water.

For additional Allowance to Chairman of the Board of Inland Navigation.

For building Churches and Glebe Houses and 7 purchasing Glebes

For the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Marnu-factures, to be by them applied as shall appear to them to be most conducive to promote the said Manufactures ... For One Year ending

For making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin,5th Jan. 1817. 14, 336l. 12l. 2d. Part of the said 10, 000l. to be applied in Payment of Balance or Awards remaining unpaid, for Premises on the North Side of Lifter Abbey Street, between Sackville Street and Berts ford Place - -J

For completing* the Royal Canal from Coolndhay to Tmrmunbury, under Direction of Directors General of Inland Navigation.

For building, repairing and enlarging of Churches and Chapels, the building of Glebe Houses ami procuring Glebes as Trustees shall think fit.

For Hospital of Incurables at Dublin - J ^or , ^lie cnc^n&

I 5th Jan. 1817.

For the Annual Expenditure of the Royal Irish Academy fur 1816, and repairing the Buildings of the said Academy.

f For the Year commencing

For the B elf aft Academical Institution

For the Protestant Charter Schools - For the Foundling Hospital, Dublin For House of Industry, Hospitals and Asylums for industrious Children in Dublin For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children in Dublin -

For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan House in the Circular Road near Dublin

For the Westmorland Lock Hospital vn Dublin For the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin -

For completing the Works of the Commissioners for building Sir Patrick Dun9s Hospital at#'> Dublin -

For probable Expenditure of Dr. Stevens*s Hospital

For House of Recovery and Fever Hospital in Cork Street, Dublin, calculated to meet the Expence for maintaining and relieving 4, 000 Patients, for 1816 For Roman Catholic Seminary For enabling Society for promoting the Education of the Poor of Ireland to provide and distribute proper Books at reduced Prices, and to introduce an improved Method of Instruction in the different Parts of Ireland -

6th Jan. 1816.

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1817.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. 142.

XXXI.

XXXII.

XXXIII.

XXXIV.

XXXV.

8, 410 o o For Association incorporated for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion 500 o o For the Commissioners of charitable Donations and Bequests -

113 o o For the Green Coat Hospital of Cork 10, 000 o o For the probable Expences of the (hiblin Society 4, 918 o o For the probable Expences of the Fanning So ciety

2.500 o o For the Cork Institution Supplies to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid Rules for Application of Half Pay Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles

Chaplains of Regiments, although in possession of Eccle

fiastical Benefices Application of Overplus of Sum under 55 G, 3. r. 187-

A* in 55 G. 3. c. 187.

# 31 — 35-

1081

i<5 Geo. III. 6 Y LOCAL

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

1082 C. 1 — viii.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following ABs at are Temporary will he bmwn (where it it not expressU fated) by referring to the following Lift, according; to the eorrtfpanding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i. e. to the End of the next SeJfton\ from a Day named in the AB.

(£) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the AB.

(c) For 21 Years, lAc. after the End of the Term under former ABs.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and u shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially " pleaded."

Cap. l*

5 O.$. c. 1 xxr. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road 31G. 3. c. cxi. from Chapel on the Heath, in the Count)1* of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

[22d March 1816.]

Cap. ii.

34 G* 3* c.cx>.vl An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Ketterings and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the County of Northampton.

[22d March 1816.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

n G. 3. c. 26. 34G. 3. C. cxxvii.

Cap. iii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Carter's Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to the Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon.

[22d March 1816.]

Cap. iv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal and certain Persons, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parish of Paddington, and the Parishes and Streets adjacent, in the County of Middlesex.

[28th March 1816.]

Cap. v.

An Act for the better a (Telling and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates, in the Parish of Mitcham9 in the County of Surrey.

[28th March 1816.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Dewsbury to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[28th March 1816.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, and for building a new Church, and providing an additional Cemetery for the Use of the said Parish.

[29th March 1816.]

Cap. viii.

An Act to provide for the repairing and maintaining of a certain Part of several Roads or Ways, leading from Woodford to Ilford, in the County of Essex, and for /hutting up certain other Parts of the said fever5 Roads or Ways. [11th April 1816.]

Cap.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

6*.ix, x, xi. 1083

d&P* IX.

An Act for enlarging, improving and repairing the Parish Church of Woodford, in the County of Essex* and for enlarging the Church Yard or Burial Ground of the said Pariflt. filth April 1816.]

Cap. x.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of Exeter.

filth April 1816.]

Cap. xi.

An Act to amend Two A&a of His present Majesty for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames, from the

City of London to the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey. [l ith April 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty first: Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ereStng a Bridge over the River Thames from or near the Three Cranes, in the Parishes of Saint James Garlick Hythe, and Saint Martin Vintry, in the City of London, to the opposite Bank of the feud River* in the Parj/h of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, and for making proper Streets ana Avenues to communicate therewith, whereby the Southwark Bridge Company were incorporated for the Purpose of building the said Bridge, and certain Powers and Authorities were thereby given to and vested in the said Company for that Purpose: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His c said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty jirjl Year of His prsfent Majesty* for ereSing 4 a Bridge over the River Thames from the City of London to the opposite Bank, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, whereby the said first recited Act, and the Powers and Authorities thereby given to the said Company, were altered* varied, amended and enlarged: And Whereas the said Company have, lince the passing of the said lall recited Act, subscribed the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds in manner required by the said first recited Act, before they Should proceed to take any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Premises for the Purposes of the said first recited Act, or to proceed with the Works therein authorized to be made, and have raised the greater Part thereof, and have invelled the Sum of Thirty .thousand Pounds in the Bank of England, in manner by the said first recited Act directed: And Whereas there remains to be raised of the several Sums authorized by the said first recited Act the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds: And Whereas the said Company have proceeded in the Erection of the said Bridge, and in Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts; but it is expedient that further Powers Should be given to them, and that the said recited Acts should be altered, amended and enlarged : 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefen t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Company shall have Power and Authority to raise the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, by the Saif and Disposal of such Number of Shares in the said Undertaking as shall be requisite and necessary for that Purpose; and such Shares, when so fold and disposed of, shall be deemed to be of the Value of One hundred Pounds each, and shall be entered in the Regiller Book kept by the said Company; and the Holders of such new Shares shall be deemed and considered, and shall be Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking, and shall be entitled in respect of such new Shares to the same Rights and Privileges, and shall have the lame rowers and Authorities, as the Proprietors of the present Shares; and all the Clauses, Provisoes, Penalties, Restrictions and Provisions, in the said two recited Acts, or either of them, relating to or Concerning the Shares in the said Undertaking, shall extend and be conllrued to extend, and be in full Force and Effect, with respect to the said new Shares and the Proprietors thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Parties and Persons, to whom any such Share or Shares as are hereinbefore authorized to be disposed of shall be issued, shall respectively be entitled to Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the respective Sum or Sums of Money which they shall advance to or pay to the said Company, for or in respect of any such Share or Shares, in the fame and the like manner as the Sobscribers to and Proprietors of the original Shares in the said Undertaking, which Interest shall commence and be computed from the time or respective times of Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money until the said Bridge shall be opened for the Passage of Horses or Carriages over and across the lame.

III. And be it further enacted, That k shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, if they or their Committee or Courts of Direction shall think it meet and expedient, to borrow the whole of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company, which Notes shall express the manner and time or times at which the same shall be payable, and also such legal Rate of Interest as shall have been agreed on between the Holders thereof and the said Committee or Court of Direction; and all such Notes shall be made with or without a Power in the re-fspective Holders thereof to have an Option of becoming a Proprietor of One Share of One hundred Pounds in the said Undertaking in lieu of every One hundred Pounds of the Principal Money by such several Promissory Notes to be secured, or so much or such Part thereof as the said Committee or Court of Direction, and the Person or Persons advancing such Money on the Security of the said Notes shall jointly agree upon, and such Notes shall express accordingly whether they are made with or without such Option, and the said Principal Sums so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, shall be deemed a Lien upon the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said first recited Act, and be paid and discharged in the like manner as Money raised on Mortgage under the said first recited Act* and the Interest thereof are thereby directed to be paid and discharged*

6Y a IV. And

51 G. 3. C. churl

53 O. 3. c. lxxxvii.

Power to rtifo

loOiOocl. by Sale of Shares.

fnterest to be paid on Monies advanced upon new Shares.

Power to raise Money on Promissory Notes.

1084

General Power to raise Money.

Surplus Money may he applied iu buying up Shares.

Majority of Two thirds of General Meeting required to carry yiieftions repealed.

Future General and Special General Ademblies.

Provision respetling Proxies for more than Five Shares repealed.

Proxies may be given for Five Votes. Committee de&ed in the Room of those going out of Office by Rotation to be in Office Three Years.

Acts of Directors elected by Committee valid.

Proceedings under former A6>s declared valid.

Cxi. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

I>V And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to raise the whole of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, by all or any of such Ways and Means as are by1 the said first recited Act authorized in respect of the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, shall have full Power and Authority, if they shall deem it expedient, out of any Surplus Monies or otherwise, to buy up any Shares which may be offered for Sale by any of the said Proprietors, and thereupon either to direct that any such Share so bought shall merge in the said Undertaking, or that the same shall be transferred to the Clerk of the said Company in Trust for the said Company, and such Shares may, in such case, at any time thereafter, be sold for the Benefit of the said Company, and for the raising of any Sum of Money which may be wanted for the Purpose of carrying the said Two recited Acts and this Act into Execution.

VI. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that every Question which should be proposed or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors should be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, such Majority not being less than Two thirds of the Votes then present, computing the Votes as therein mentioned, not exceeding Five Votes in the whole for each P roprietor, provided that the Members present be possessed of not leis than One hundred and fifty Shares; and it is also thereby enacted, that all Acts, Orders or Determinations of any Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, or the Majority of them, met together at every such Special General Assembly, provided that the Proprietors present and represented by Proxy shall be possessed of at lead Two hundred and fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be as valid with respect to the Matter

specified in the Notice for such Special General Assembly as if the fame had been done at any dated General Assembly: And Whereas the said Provisions have been found inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provisions shall be, and the same are hereby repealed,

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company which shall have been convened in manner directed by the said first recited Act, shall be competent to proceed to the Difcufiion and Determination of any Question, Matter or thing which shall be duly brought forward, without Reference to the Number of Shares possessed by the Members present, either as Principals or Proxies, any thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that every Question, Matter or thing which shall be proposed, difeufled or considered at such General or Special General Assembly of the said Company, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, computing the Votes in the Proportions as to the Number of Shares directed by the said first recited Act.

VIII. Arid Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that no Person shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Five Snares: And Whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That at all future General or Special General Assemblies of the said Company, any Proprietor may give in Proxies for Five Votes and no more.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the said Committee or Court of Direction shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, the Persons who shall from time to time be elected in their Room or Stead shall continue in Office for the full Term of Three Years, (except in case of Death, or Refusal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by the said first recited Act directed, or being removed or displaced by the said Company at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose, ) and no longer; any thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Acts and Proceedings of the Person or Persons appointed by the Committee or Court of Direction, by virtue of the said first recited Act, to be a Member of the said Committee or Court of Direction in the Room or Stead of any Member or Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction, who shall die or refuse to ad in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or who shall cease to be qualified in manner by the said first recited Act directed, or shall hold any Place, Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company, shall be and be deemed to have been valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposea, notwithstanding the Election of such Person or Persons shall not be confirmed by the said Company of Proprietors at their next General or Special General Assembly after such Election by the said Committee or Court of Direction.

XII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Validity of the Election of certain Members of the Committee or Court of Direction, and of certain Proceedings of the said Company and their Committee or Court < of Direction, in consequence of the Omission to hold One of the General Assemblies of the said Company, directed by the said first recited Act; For removing whereof, be it declared and enacted, That all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Company, and of the said Committee or Court of Direction, done and executed in other respeda in pursuance of and in conformity with the several Powers and Directions of the said Two recited Acts, and the Election of any Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction, and all other Matters whatsoever, shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such General Assembly as aforesaid had been dnly held, and such Proceedings taken place as are directed in and by the said first recited Act 5 any thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that if any Member of the said Committee or Court of Direction should for the Space of Three Months neglect or refuse to attend a Meeting of the said Committee or Court of Direction, such Member so not attending should ccafc to be of the said Committee

4 4 or

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. Cxi. 1085

or Court of Direction: and Whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted, Pfovision re-

That the said Provision shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed. speding pirec-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Member or Members of the said Committee or Court of Direc-

tion shall be deemed or taken to have been absent from, or to have refused or neglected to attend a Meeting of am*6' f the said Committee or Court of Direction for the Space of Three Months, so as to be deemed and taLen Commhteefor to have ceased to be of the said Committee or Court of Direction by virtue of the said first recited Act, Three Mouths unless such Absence for the said Space of Three. Months shall have been without the Leave, Concurrence, or to be without Approbation of the said Committee or Court of Direction; any thing in the said first recited Act to the con* Ijeaye in order trary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Person shall have ceased to be a 10 dlfcluallfy-Merabdr of the said Committee or Court of Direction, in consequence of such Absence, from a Neglect or Refusal to attend the Meetings of the said Committee or Court or Direction, without such Leave, Concurrence or Approbation of the said Committee or Court of Direction as aforesaid, such Person shall be eligible to be immediately nominated and appointed a Member of the said Committee or Court of Direction.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said CorAmittee or Court of Direction shall have full Power and Officers to be Authority over the several Persons appointed or to be appointed Officers of the said Company, and it shall be under Controul in the Discretion of the said Committee or Court of Direction to settle and determine what Number and De- Committee, fenption of Officers shall from time to time be requisite and necessary for the Purposes of the said Company,

and to dtfpenfe with such as they in their Judgment shall deem no longer to be requisite, and to discharge them accordingly; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise not with (lauding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee or Court of Direction shall have full Power and General Power Authority to do and execute any Ad, Matter or thing by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be of Committee to .done by the said Company, favc and except such only as shall be expressly directed to be done and executed at n, an#8c Con-a General or Special General Assembly of the said Company. ceru*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions to be brought or commenced by the said Company Directing fur-against any Person or Persons for any Call or Calls heretofore, or which shall be hereafter made upon the Shares ther Proceedings , in the said Undertaking, the Production of the Register Book directed to be kept by the said first recited 10 A&ioos for Ad shall be Evidence upon the Trial that tbp Defendant or Defendants in such Action was or were the CaUa*

Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such and so many Share or Shares as in the said Register 'Book ftiail be expressed, and on such Trial it shall not be necessary to prove the Appointment of the Committee or Court of Direction who made such Call or Calls, or any other Matter whatsoever than is required by the said first recited Act to be proved; and that in all such Actions, if a Verdict shall be found for the said Company, the said Company shall be also entitled to recover the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Share held by such Defendant or Defendants for and in respect of each and every Call for which such Verdict shall be found, over and above the Amount of the said Calls, as and for the Forfeiture for the Non Payment of the said Calls mentioned and imposed in and by the said first recited Act.

XVIII. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that before any Lands, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments shall be purchased or taken by virtue of the Powers of the said Act, and

before the said Bridge, Streets or Accedes thereto should be begun to be erected, widened or made, the said

Company should invest in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of certain Trustees, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And Whereas the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds has been invested according to the Directions of the said Act:

1 And Whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, that when it should appear to the said Trustees that the said Bridge and Streets, and the Works connected therewith, should be lo far erected and made, that the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, and the Accumulations thereof, would be sufficient to finish the said Bridge, Streets and Works, then the said Trustees should transfer the same to the said Company to be applied for that Purpose: And Whereas the said Provision may prove highly incouvenieot to the said Company Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs, that when and as soon as it should Provision reappear to the Satisfaction of the Trustees for the time being, or the Majority of them, that the said Bridge spettuig invdl-and Streets, and the Works connected therewith, should be so far erected, built and made, that the said Sum , nS 3°P°ol. of Money so invested in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, as thereinbefore directed, rei C4 e*together with the Accumulations, would be sufficient to finish and complete the said Bridge, Streets and Works, then the said Trustees should, and they were thereby authorized and required to transfer the same to the said Company of Proprietors, or as they should direct to be applied for that Purpose, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as it shall appear to the Trustees in the said first As to the Rerecited Act mentioned, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Majority of them, that the said Sum of turn of the Sum Thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Accumulations thereof, will be sufficient to fiuifh and complete the °* 3°»oc°l* said Bridge* then the said Trustees, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to transfer the same to the said Company, or as they shall direct, any thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and the said Sum when so transferred, by virtue of this Act, or a competent Part thereof, shall be forthwith applied in finiftung and completing the said intended Bridge, and no Part thereof shall be laid out or expended in the Streets and other Works authorized by the said recited Acts and this Act, or in the Purchase of Houses, Lands or Hereditaments for that Purpose* or otherwise howsoever, until and unless the said intended Bridge, and every Part thereof, shall be fully completed ancNinished.

XX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as requires the said Company ClfufcistoTVo to construd convenient Stone Stairs and Plying Places on each Side of each End of the said Bridge for the Use of the Watermen and Wherry men rowing on the River Thame* % shall be and the fame is h-by repealed. Eft*

io86

Company required to coo* strufl One Plying Place at each End of Bridge.

Width of Street.

Repealing Provision for making Satisfaction for damages, See, by annual Rents.

Three Directors may giro Receipts for Purchase Money of Lands refold.

Power to lease

Tolls for not more than Three Years.

Repeal of Clause for Tolls to be paid once a Day. Committee may agree for Passage of Persons, and blue Tickets.

Notice of P«y* went of Tvftto be given on a Beard.

C.xi. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

VI. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That the said Company Audi, and they are hereby required to construd at each End of the said Bridge, One convenient Plying Place or Flight of Stone Stairs* of not less than Sixteen Feet in Width, for the Use of the said Watermen and Wherry men; bat nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the said Company from constructing such Stone Stairs or Plying Places on each Side of each End of the said Bridge, if they shall deem it proper and adrifable so to do.

XXII. And Whereas the Width of the Access to the said Bridge on the North Side thereof, from Thames«Street in the City of London, is not specified and directed in the said first recited Act, and it is expedient that the fame Should be made broad and convenient 5* Be it therefore enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required, within the Period limited for the Completion of the said Bridge* Streets and Works by the said first recited Act, to make and construd the said Access of the full Width of Sixty fix Feet for the Length of One hundred and forty Feet, to be meafuved from the North Abutment of the said Bridge, and of the full Width of Fifty three Feet from the End of such One hundred and forty Feet to Thames Street aforesaid.

XXIII. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that Satisfadfoa Should be made for thr < Value of Lands, Grounds, Ercdions, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the Works therein directed and authorized to be

made, either in gross Sums or by annual Rents, (except 1a cases of Spiritual Persons, to whom Compenf-€ ation for Glebe and Tythes Should be made in manner therein directed, ) as (hoaid be agreed upon between ( the said Company of Proprietors and the Parties interested: And Whereas it is expedient that so mods of the said first recited Act as authorizes the Payment of such Recompence or Sarisfodion by annual Rents ' should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That £0 much of the said first recited Act at authorizes any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Expedancy or otherwise, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees and all and every other Person or Persons, who shall be feiied, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Homes, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, through, in or upon which the said Bridge and the Streets and Avenues thereto, and other Works, are thereby authorized to be built, made and confbruded, to accept and receive Satisfaction far the Value of such Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the Works thereby authorized to be made, by annual Rents in manner thereby directed, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases when the said Company shall sell and dispose of any

Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for any Three of the said Committee or Court of Direction to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold; and such Receipts shall have the like Force and Effect as if the fame had been signed by the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of the said first recited Act. '

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, fluH have full Power and Authority, after giving Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall then be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and advertising the fame Twice in some Newspaper, published or circulated in the City of London, from time to time, to leaf? and demise the Tolls granted by the said first recited Act and this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Three Years at any one time, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such times and under such Covenants as they the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, shall think fit, they the said Company having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, Demise or Demises, and taking such other sufficient Security from the Person or Persons to whom any such Tolls shall be leased or demised, for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprised in such Lease or Leases, Demise or Demises, as the said Company, or their Committee or Court or Direction, shall think fit.

XXVI. And Whereas it i9 by the said first recited Act enacted, that no Person having Occasion to pais

through any Turnpike or Toll Bar, where Toll should be taken by virtue of the said Act, with any Coach

or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle, and who should return the same Day through the fame Turnpike or

Toll Bar, with the fame Coach or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle, for which such Toll shall have been paid, be liable to pay on his, her or their Return the said Toll at such Turnpike or Toll Bar: And Whereas

it is expedient that the said Provision should be repealed 5' Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee or Court of Direction shall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Person or Persons for his, her or their free Passage over the said Bridge, for any time or times snot exceeding Three Years at any one time, for such Sum as to the said Cora- mittee or Court of Direction shall seem meet, and thereupon to issue one or more Ticket or Tickets to such Person or Persons to enable him, her or them to pass Toll-free over the said Bridge for the time for which such Contract shall have been made 5 and if any such Person or Persons shall lend or transfer such Ticket for the Use of any other Person or Persons, and whereby such other Person or Persons shall under Colour of fitch Ticket pass over the said Bridge Toll-free, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Use of the said Company.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to cause Notice to be given, by a Board to be comUntly affixed on all the Turnpikes or ToH Houses to

1 be

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

Cxi. 1087

be ctt&tA oft or near the said Bridge, in large legible Charactert, that the Paynteot of Toll at any One Tarn-pike or Gate shall free and exempt the Person or Persons paying the fame from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate for and in respect of paffiag once over the said Bridge; and if any Person or Persons shall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice on such Board, he, she or they shall, for every such Offeofce, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector appointed either by the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Lefiee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Tou Gate, to be erected by virtue of the said Act, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or on iome other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately upon his coming on Duty, and shall continue the fame so placed during the whole time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collect or of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the fame there during the time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of the said Act or this Act, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof and claim such Exemption; or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in any wise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the fame on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Person or Persons travelling over the said Bridge, or shall, without sufficient Cause, detain or delay any Person or Perfdpg travelling thereon, then and in every such case every such Coiledor shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fdrty Shillings for every such Offence.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping or felling any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Coiledor or Person distraming to retain the fame, or the Money arising by the Sale thereof, (as the case may happen, ) until the Amount of such Toll, and the Charges of making Tucn Distress, and of keeping and felling the fame, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace of the County, Town or Place wherem such Dffpute shall happen, who, upon Application to him made for that Purpose, shall examine the matter upon the Oath of the Putiet or other Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath inch Justice is hereby authorized to administer, ) and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and it shall be lawful for such Justice to assess and award such Costs to be paid by either of the Parties tb the other as he shall think fit and reasonable; and in case of Non Payment thereof on Demand, such Costs shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the feme by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice.

XXXI. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, shouldpay or cause to be paid to the Commissioners appointed for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clbtk or Bishop of WincheJlePs Liberty in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and fok other the Purposes therein mentioned, such annual Sum and Sums of Money as are expressed in and by the said first hereinbefore recited Act, as an Equivalent for the Loss the said Commissioners might sustain by the Non Payment of the Rates br Assessments in the said first recited Act mentioned: And Whereas since thd passing of the said first recited Act, the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign has been repealed, and another Act was passed in lieu and (lead thereof, in the Fifty second Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for better paving, cleanjtng, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the Manot of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester*/ Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; Be it therefore enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money dhrested by the said first recited Act to be paid to the said Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execution of the Twenty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, shall be paid and payable to the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution the said Act of the Fifty second Year of the said Reign, or to the Coiledor or Receiver, or Collectors or Receivers duly appointed Under and by virtue of said last mentioned Act, as an Equivalent and in lieu of such Rates or Assessments, in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same are payable to the said first mentioned Commissioners 5 and that the said Commissioners for carrying the said Act of the Fifty second Year of the said Reign into Execution, and their Collector or Receiver, Collectors or Receivers, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for demanding, recovering and receiving the said Sum and Sums of Money as are vested in the said first mentioned Commissioners in and by the said first recited Act of Parliament.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to give to or invest the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, with any Right, Power or Authority which may at all interfere with the Rights, Powers, Authorities or Provisions heretofore granted and contained by and in the said Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 5 but all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in the several Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execution shall be as good, valid and effectual as if the said recited Acts and this Act had not been made; save and except as in and by the said recited Acts and this Act island are particularly otherwise declared and enacted.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things >bttfo-ever therein contained, so far as the same are not hereby repealed, Qtedl extend and be construed to extend to

operate

Toll Collectors (o pot up their Names.

Disputes concerning Toll to be settled by a Justice.

Com pen fat ion to the Commissioners of the Clink Pave, ments confirmed.

Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of the Clink pavements.

Extending the* Provisions of the former Act to this Act.

io88 C.Jl\ — xv. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 18t<5.

operate and be in full Force and Effect with respect to all matters and things to be done, or which may arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame and every of them, and every Part thereof, were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof 5 and the said recited Acts and this Act shall as to all matters and things whatsoever (except as aforesaid) be conftfued as One Act.

E*i>ences of the

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and pacing this Act Act shall be defrayed by the said Company, in preference to all other Payments.

[Public Act.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xri.

49 G. 3. c.cxcii. An Act for altering, amending and extending the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, 53G. 3. C. xx. for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. [11th April 1816.]

v

is G. i. c. 36.

The Theatre to be kept open for a limited time.

[Public Act.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act to enable Temple tycjl Esquire, foie Proprietor of The Royal Circus or Surrey Theatre, situate in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Surrey, to continue the fame open, for public Amusement, for a limited time. [11th April 1816.]

WHEREAS Temple West Esquire is the foie Proprietor of the Theatre called The Royal Circus, otherwise The Surrey Theatre, situate in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, which Theatre has been licensed annually for many Years for public Music and Dancing, pursuant to an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intitilled An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment,

and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses: And Whereas His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions for the said County, granted their Licence to the then Tenants or Occupiers of the said Tneatre, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, for public Music and.Dancing in the said Theatre for One Year; but the said Tenants or Occupiers' Interest in the said Theatre expiring on the Twenty fifth Day of March, in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and the said Theatre then coming into the Possession of the said Temple West, the said tenants or Occupiers cannot use the said Licence after that Day: And Whereas the said Tenants or Occupiers have refused to transfer, the said Licence to the said Temple West, or to allow him to use the fame from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, till the next Michaelmas Quarter Selfio.ns for the said County of Surrey: And Whereas by the said Act a Licence under the fame. Tor the Purposes therein mentioned, cannot be granted by the Justices of the Peace for the said County at any other time but at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions: And Whereas it will be attended with great Loss and Inconvenience to the said Temple West, if the said Theatre be not opened for the ensuing Season, whereby his Property in the fame will become of considerable less Value, and much deteriorated; It is therefore expedient that the said Temple West Should be allowed to keep open the said Theatre, for public Music and Dancing only, for the time herein after mentioned; bat, by reason of the Circumstances aforesaid, and of the Restrictions contained in the said Act, the fame cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's MqII Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, at the next or any subsequent Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the said County, or for any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, at the next pr any subsequent Petty Sessions to be holden in and for the said County, or for the Liberty or Division.in which the said Theatre is situate, at their Discretion to grant a Licence to the said Temple West to keep open the said Theatre, called The Royal Circus or Surrey Theatre, situate in the said Parish of Saint George, Southwark, in the said County of Surrey, for public Music and Dancing, from the Day of the Date of such last mentioned Licence until the next Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Surrey, in such and the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Penalties, as if the said Theatre were kept open for public Music and Dancing under and by virtue of the said Licence first hereinbefore mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and (Kail be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

35 0.3.

c. cxxxviii.

Cap.

xiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to Basingstoke, and from thence to Alton, in the County of Southampton

[11th April 1816.]

[Former lolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.']

Cap. xv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Nantwkhy the Township of Sandbach, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[.Additional Tollt on Sunday.]

to Wheelotk Wharf* in [11th April 1816.]

Cap.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

£.xvi — -xx. 1089

Cap. xvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the High Street in the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Boundary Stone between the Parish of Worjicld and the Liberties of the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop. filth April 1816.]

Cap.

XVII.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to the End of Guide Lane, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York; and for making a new Road from the said Road in Bredbury, to the Bridge over the River Mersey at Port wood, near the Town of Stockport (a) [11th April 1816.]

f One Toll and One half Toll on Sundays, except for Milk.-\

44 G. 3. c. xxiv. repealed.

Cap.

XVUl.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Twenty Mile Stone, on Egham Hill, in the County " : he Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the fame

r.., L*7 .o.r -1

of Surrey, to a Place called Basingstone, near the County, (a)

z G. a. Seat, a,

c. 6.

12 G. a. c. 16.

3 G. 3. c 47.

31 G. 3. c. cxxxiv. repealed. [These Four Acts are previously repealed by 49 G» 3* c. 1V, IUJ

filth April 1816.]

Cap«

xix.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Ayr, in the Shire of Ayr.

[30th April 1816.]

Cap.

xx.

An Act For the Incorporation of The Highland Society of London; for the better Management of the Funds of the Society; and for rendering its Exertions more ex - ' "

extensive and beneficial to the Public.

[21st May 1816.]

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, many Noblemen and Gentlemen connected with the Highlands and I (lands of Scotland, with the View of establishing and supporting Schools in the Highlands, and in the Northern Parts of Great Britain; for relieving distressed Highlanders at a Distance from their Native Homes 5 for preserving the Antiquities, and refciring from Oblivion the valuable Remains of Celtic Literature, and for promoting the Improvement and general Welfare of the Northern Parts of Great Britain, formed themselves into a Society, called The Highland Society of London: And Whereas the said Society has raised a considerable Sum of Money by Subscription, and has applied the fame agreeably to the Plan of their Institution, and by such Subscription have acquired sufficient Funds to carry into Effect the Purposes aforesaid: And Whereas those Purposes cannot be fully effected, nor the Funds be properly secured and applied, without the Authority of Parliament : May it therefore plesfe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The KingVMoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lonis Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of TWi-and Corporation in-Alhany, His Royal Highness Edward Duke of Kent and Strathearn, His Royal Highness Augustus Frederick Jituted for the Duke of Suffix and Earl of Invemefs, Archibald Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, Charles William Duke of cs*1* Buccleugh and Queensberry, Alexander Duke of Gordon, George William Duke of Argyll, John Duke of Atholl,

James Cuke of Montrose, George Marquis of Twee dale, George Marquis of Stafford, John Marquis of Bute,

Alexander Lord Dutton commonly called Marquis of Douglas and Clydesdale; George Lord Gordon commonly called Marquis of Huntly; Hugh Earl of EgHntoun, Archibald Earl of CaJfiUts, Francis Earl, of Moray,

John Earl of Strathmore, Thomas Earl of Kellie, Thomas Earl of Kinnoull, George Earl of DalhorJfe, Thomas Earl of Selkirk, William Earl of Northejk, Alexander Earl of Balcarras, George Earl of Aboyne, John Earl of Breadalbane, George Earl of Aberdeen, George Earl of Dunmore, George Earl of Glasgow, Charles Earl of Harrington, William Earl of Mansfield, James Earl of Fife, Francis Earl of Moira, James Earl of Rofslyn, William Earl Cathcart, the Right Honourable Archibald Hamilton commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton j the Right Honourable John Douglas Edward Henry Campbell commonly called Lord John Douglas Edward Henry Campbell; the Right Honourable Frederick Campbell commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell $ the Right Honourable James Murray commonly called Lord James Murray; the Right Honourable George William Coventry commonly called Viscount Deerhurfi; the Right Honourable Thomas Cochrane commonly called Lord Cochrane; the Right Honourable John Campbell commonly called Viscount Glenorchy; James Ochonear Lord Forbes, Alexander George Lord Saltoun, Robert Walter Lord Blantyre, Eric Lord Reay, Alexander Lord Elibank, Charles Lord Kinnaird, Thomas Lord Dundas, John Lord Cawdor, Alexander Lord Macdonald, the Honourable William Maule of Panmure, the Honourable Alexander Duff, the Honourable Peter Robert Drummond Burrell, the Right Honourable Sir William Grant Knight, Master of the Rolls; the Right Honourable Sir John Sinclair of Ulbfier, Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of Eafi Sheen, Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Charles Stuart, Knight; the Right Honourable Sir William Drummond of Logiealmond, Knight; the Right Honourable William Dundas, the Right Honourable William Adam, William Maeleod Bamatyne Esquire, one of the Senators of the College of Justice; the Honourable Hugh Arbuthnot, the Honourable Warwick Lake, the Honourable William Frafcr, Major General the Honourable Godfrey BofvilU, the Honourable Archibald Macdonald, the Honourable Dudley Macdonald, Lieutenant 56 Geo. III. 6 Z General

1090

C.ix. g6' GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

General the Honourable Sir John Abercrombie, Knight; Sir James Cockbum of Langton, Baronet 5 Sir Hugh Munro of Foulis, Baronet 5 Sir John Gordon Sinclair of Stevcnston and Murkle, Baronet; Sir Neil Menzies of that I lit, Baronet; Sir William Cunningham of Caprington, Baronet; Sir Alexander Grant of JDalvey, Baronet; Sir John Sinclair of Dunicath, Baronet; Sir Janies Myles Ryddell of Ardnamurchan and Sunart, Baronet; Sir John Macpherson of Reny, Baronet 5 Sir John Murray Mac Gregor of Lanrick, Baronet; Sir Walter Fcurqubar of Gilmerfcroft, Baronet; Sir Alexander Macdonald Lockhart of Lee and Camwath, Baronet; Sir William Frafer of Leadclune, Baronet; Sir JEneas Mackintosh of that Ilk, Baronet; Lieutenant General Sir Thomas ffi/top of Tothill, Baronet 5 Sir Ewen Cameron of Fafsfern, Baronet 5 General Sir George Beckwith, Knight; Major General Sir Alan Cameron of Errachf, Knight 5 Major General Sir William Inglis, Knight; Major General Sir Denis Pack, Knight; Major General Sir Colquhoun Grants Knight 5 Colonel Sir John Maclean, Knight; Colonel Sir Neil Campbell of Duntroon, Knight; Colonel Sir Colin Campbell, Knight 5 Sir Alexander Mackenzie of Avoch, Knight; Sir William Paxton9 Knight; the Honourable Sir Thomas Strange of Madras, Knight; Lieutenant Colonel Sir George Elder, Knight; Sir John Downie, Knight; Andrew Adair Younger of Balhaily Esquire; Major Agnew, Madras Army; Grant Allan of Gower Street, in the County of M\d-Alefex9 Esquire; Grant Allan the Younger of Gower Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel William Charles Alflon, William Anderson of Ruffe I Square9in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; George Arbuthnot of Madras, Esquire; Nathaniel At chef on of Chapel Place9 Duke Street, Westminster, Esquire; General James Balfour9 James Balfour of Blunian, Esquire; Captain Balmain^ Madras Army; JEneas Barkly of Lime Street Square9 in the City of London, Esquire; Thomas Bell, Esquire, one of the Sheriffs of the City of London; John Hepburn Belfches of Invermay9 Esquire; John Binny of Madras, Esquire 5 John Binny of Madras, Esquire, Junior; Pbineas Bond of Baker Street, in the County of Middle-Jex9 Esquire; William Douglas Brodie of Madras, Esquire 5 Alexander Brodie of Arnhall9 Esquire; Isaac Hawkins Browne of South Audley Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Lieutenant General Archibald Browne, John Brown of John Street, Adelphi, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; John Brown of Upper Grovefnor Street9 in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Patrick Crauford Bruce of Glenelg, Esquire: P. Bruce of Madras, Esquire; Captain Thomas Buchanan, East India Service; John Burnett of GountefweUs, Esquire; Adam Cameron of Surinam, Esquire; Donald Cameron of Lochiely Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Duncan John Cameron, Tunbridge; Lientenant John Cameron9 Madras Army 5 Captain John Cameron, East India Service; Peter Cameron Younger of Fdfsfem, Esquire; Major General William Neville Cameron; General Alexander Campbell of Monzic; Alexander Campbell, Esquire, Edinburgh, A.D. Campbell of Madras, Esquire; Archibald Campbell of Blythefwood, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Archibald Campbelly Lieutenant Colonel Archibald Campbelly Eighty fourth Regiment; Rear Admiral Donald Campbelly Lieutenant General Duncan Campbell of Lochnelly Duncan Campbell of Tuvifock Square9 in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; John Campbell of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Esquire; John Campbell of Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire 5 John Campbell Esquire, Matter in Chancery; Captain Patrick Camp-telly Royal Navy; Robert Campbell of Ardchattan* Esquire; Robert Campbell of Argyll Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Thomas Campbell of Sydenham, Esquire 5 Thomas Caw of Great Coram Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; William Chisholm of that Irk, Efcjuire; Colonel Archibald Chriffie; Thomas Cockbum of Devonshire Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; James Cochrane of Madras, Esquire; Colonel Colcbrook of Madras Army; Lieutenant Colonel James Conway of the Grove, Horndean, in the County of Southampton; Lieutenant Colonel Charles Cunningham, David Cunningham of Great Winchester Street, in the City of London, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Dalrymple, Madras Army; Kirby Dalrymple of Madras, Esquire; Alexander Gray Davidson of EarVs Court Road, in the County of Middlesex, EsqJMfe; Lieutenant General Alexander Dirom; Henry Davidson of Tulloch, Esquire 5 Humphrey Don&ldson of Whitehall, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; William Douglas Younger of Castle Douglas, Esquire; Robert Downie of Forres, Esquire 5 General Andrew John Drummond of Str at ballon; James Drummond Younger of Strath allan, Esquire; George Harley Drummond of Drumtochty Castle, Esquire; John Duff of Drummuir, Esquire 5 James Beveridge Duncan of Damjidcy Esquire; James Beveridge Duncan Younger of Damfide, Esquire; the Right Honourable Hugh Elliot of Madras; Captain Elliot, Madras Army; Captain Augustus Frederick DyEfte, Mac Morhar Innerneis; John Farquharson of Houghton, Esquire; William Farquharson of Monaltricy Esquire; John Fleming of Gloucester Place, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Physic James Flemying of the City Chambers, in the City of London, Esquire; Robert Stewart Flamying of KiBUhqffe, Esquire 5 Bartholomew Forbes of Change Alley, in the City of London, Esquire; Major General Benjamin Forbes, Charles Forbes of Auchmedden, Esquire; John Forbes of New, Esquire; Michie For bef of Fhzroy Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Rear Admiral Alexander Frafer, Alexander Frafer of LiHfoltrs Inn Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Charles Frafer of Invera/ochy and Castle Frqfet', Esquire; Duncan Frafer of Fingajk, Esquire; Lieutenant Frederick Alexander Frafer, Seventy eighth Highlanders; George Frafer of the New City Chambers, in the City of London, Esquire; Colonel Hajlings Frafer, Eighty sixth Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Frafer, Madras Army; James Frafer of Bell a drum, Esqtnre1'; John Frafer of Achnagairn, Esquire; John Frafer of Adon Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esqwtfe; John Hutchinson Frafer of Finncllan, Esquire; Simon Frafer Younger of Bellqdrum, Esquire; Cajkmn Thomas Frafer, Madras Army; Thomas Frafer of Madras, Esquire; Thomas Frafer of Newton, Esquire; Captain Frafer, Town Major of Madras; William Frafer, Younger of Leadclune, Esquire; Charles Fullarton of Madras, Esquire; Robert Fullarton of Madras, Esquire; John Galt of Lind say Terrace, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; John Borthwick Gilchrify Doctor of Laws, Edinburgh; Mungo Gilmore of Stamford Hill, Esquire 5 John Goldie of Madras, Esquire; George Gordon of Park Street, Wefmin/leiy in the Coflnty of Middlesex, Esquire; Brigade Major John Gordon, Madras Army 5 Robert Home Gordon 6f Embo,

Esquire i

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. xx.

Esquire; Alexander Cray Grant Younger of Dahey, Esquire; Alexander Grant of Serjeants' Inn, in the City of London, Esquire; Alexander Grant of Fleet Street, in the City of Londonr Esquire $ Captain Alexander Grant, East India Service 5 Captain Charles Grant, Royal Navy 5 Charles Grant of the Island of Jamaica, Esquire; Colonel Colquhoun Grants David Macdowall Grant of Arndtlly, Esquire; .Francis A. Grant of Madras, Esquire; George Grant of Mari Lane, in the 4City of London, Esquire 5 James Grant of Corriemony, Esquire; Captain James Ludovick Grant, East India Service; James Robert Grant, of Mulacbard, Esquire; John Peter Grant of Rotbiemurebus, Esquire; Lieutenant John Grant, Eighty sixth Regiment; Colonel Lewis Grant, Seventieth Regiment 5 Peter Grant, Esquire; Peter Grant of the Island of Jamaica, Esquire; Major Robert Grant, Fifty sixth Regiment; Robert Innes Grant, Esquire; Major General William Grant; S. H. Greig of Madras, Esquire 5 Charles Hamilton of the City of York, Esquire; James Hamilton of Hunter Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Colonel John HamiW ion of Queen Square, Bloom (bury, in the County of Middlesex r Esquire; Lieutenant General George Vaughan-Hart; George Hay of Madras, Esquire; Robert Hay of Tavjstock Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Captain William Hay, East India Service; William ifenderson of Great Saint Helen'*, in the City of London, Esquire; D. Hill of Madras, Esquire; William Horseman of Madras, Doctor of Physic; Thomas Hofeafon of Harley Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; William Hofeafon of the Island of Jamaica, Esquire; J. R. Hume, Esquire; Thomas Hutchon of Warnford Court, in the City of London, Esquire; Hugh Innes of Lochaljh, Esquire; Colonel James Innes, Madras Army; John Innes of Broad-Street Buildings, in the City of London, Esquire; John Innes of Copthall Court, in the City of London, Esquire4 Charles Ker of Sloane Street, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Physic; Lieutenant General John Manners Ker, George Kinloch of Brunswick Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Jamer Kinloch of Jermyn Street in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; William Knox, Esquire; Alexander Lamb of Princes Street, in the City of London, Esquire 5 James Lindsay of the Albany, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Captain Low, Madras Army; Major General Keith Maeedifter, Captain Hector Macalifter, Duncan Mac Arthur of Deal, Doctor of Physic; John Mac Arthur of Hinton Lodge, in the County of Hants, Doctor of Laws; John Joseph Alphonso Mac Arthur of Lincoln's Inn, Esquire; John Mac Arthur of New South Wales, Esquire; Duncan Mac Cullum of Bishopgate Street, in the City of London, Esquire; Robert Mae Conochie of Madras, Esquire; Colonel Alexander Macdonald of Lyndcue, Major Alexander Macdonald, Seventy sixth Regiment 5 Alexander Macdonald of Broad Street Buildings, in the City of London, Esquire; Angus Macdonald of Pall Mall Court, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Donald Macdonald, Esquire, Brother of Clanronald; James Macdonald, Younger of East Sheen, Esquire; James Macdonald of Inverness, Esquire; John Macdonald of Montreal, Esquire; John Macdonald of Kensington Common, Esquire; Colonel John Macdonald Bengal Artillery; Lieutenant Colonel John Macdonald of Queen Anne. Street East, in the County of Middlesex; Lieutenant Colonel John Macdonald Younger of Scalpa; John Macdonald of Bury Court, Saint Mary Axe, in the City of London, Esquire; John Macdonald of Forres, Doctor of Physic 5 General John Macdonald, Bengal; Reginald George Macdonald of Clanronald, Esquire; Colonel Alexander Macdonell of Glengarry, Reverend Alexander Macdonell of Upper Canada, E. Mac done I I of Madras, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel James Macdonell, Coldstream Guards; Lieutenant Colonel Macdonell, Madras Army; Simon Mac Gillivray of Suffolk Lane, in the City of London, Esquire; William Mac Gillivray of Montreal, Esquire; Major Duncan Mac Gregor, Seventy eighth Highlanders; Charles Mac hint ojh of Bombay, Esquire 5 Captain John Mackintosh, East India Service; Captain Mackintosh, Madras Artillery; Major General John Macintyre, John Macintyre of Jamaica, Esquire; John Macintyre of Bengal, Esquire; Duncan Mac hay of Deme-retro, Esquire; HeSor Mackay of Jamaica, Esquire; Captain John Mackellar, Royal Navy; Lieutenant General Alexander Mackenxie of Fairhatm; Alexander Mackenzie of Queen Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Colin Alexander Mackenxie of the Albany, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Daniel Mackenzie Esquire, Canada; Duncan Mackenxie, Esquire, Ketpoch; Henry Mackenzie^ Esquire, Canada; Colonel Jabex Mackenxie; John Mackenxie, Esquire, Paymaster Rifle Brigade; John Mackenxie of Bishopgate Street, i n't be County of Middlesex, Esquire; John Mackenxie, Esquire, Bengal; Kenneth Mackenxie of Portland Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Kenneth Mackenxie of Torridon, Esquire; Thomas Mackenxie of Queen Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Reverend William Mackenxie of Smarden, Captain' Wedderburn Mackenxie, John Mackerrell, Esquire, Madras; Robert Mackerrell of Watling Street, in the City of London, Esquire; John Mackie of Mill Hill, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Donald Mack* itmon of John Street, Adelphi, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Physic; Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Mackmnon, Coldstream Guards; William Alexander Mackmnon of that Ilk, Esquire; Captain Archibald Maclaine, Eighty sixth Regiment; Alexander Made ay of Queen Square, Westminster, in the County of Mid-ileftx, Esquire 5 Kenneth Macleay of Newmore, Esquire; Lieutenant Alexander Maclean, Eighty sixth Regiment; Lieutenant Duncan Maclean, Eighty sixth Regiment; Captain Thomas Maclean, Madras Army; Archibald Norman Macleod, Esquire, Canada; Captain C. Macleod, Madras Army; Captain Donald Macleod, East India Service; Donald Macleod of Geanies, Esquire; James Crauford MacleodYounger of Geanies, Esquire; Colonel John Macleod of Colbeck, J. M. Macleod, Esquire, Madras; Reverend Roderick Macleod of St. AnnV Soho, Doctor of Divinity; Colonel William Macleod, Parson's Green; Buchannan Macmillan of Bow Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire 5 James Macnair Esquire; Roderick Macnicl, Younger of Barra, Esquire, Captain Twenty third Dragoons; Duncan Macpherson of Cluny, Esquire; James Macpherson of Belleville, Esquire; Major General Lachlan Macquarrie, Governor of New South Wales $ Malcolm Macquecn of Ridgemont, in the County of Bedford, Esquire; Thomas Potter Macqueen Younger of Ridgemont, esquire; Alexander Macrae, Esquire, of Clarendon, Jamaica; Alexander Macrae, Esquire, of Demerara; Major Colt* Macrae, late of the Seventy fifth-Regiment; Colin Macraej Esquire of Demerara;

6 Z 2 Colin

ing i

1092 £xx. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Colin Macrae of FurnivaPs Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; John Macrae, Esquire, Bengal; Kenneth Murchijon Macrae of that Ilk, Esquire; William Mactaggart, Esquire, Madrae; Colonel Alexander Mcur, Deputy Governor Fsr* George; Neil Malcolm of Poltallocb, Esquire 5 Mamaduke William Con-

Jlable MaxnueU of Nithfdale, Esquire; David Milligan of Wimfiole Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Robert Milligan of Wimpole Street9 in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Alexander Milne of Whitehall Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire 5 William Mitchell ot Harley Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; General James Montgomerie; Major Alexander Morrison, Gunnersbury House, Brentford; John Morrison of Aucbintoul, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel William Morrifonf Madras Army; Fofor/ Afiiir ot Milden Hall, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire; Lieutenant Donald Munro, Eighty sixth Regiment 5 George Gun Munro of Grenada» Esquire 5 Munro of Tanninich, Esquire;

Lieutenant Colonel Robert Munro of Livingstone, Colonel Thomas Munro, Madras Army; Walter Ross Munro of Place, Esquire; William Munro of Thames Street, in the City of London, Esquire;

Colonel Murray, Madras Army 5 Colonel Alexander Mac Gregor Murray, Evan John Mac Gregor Murray of Glencairnaig9 Esquire; Honourable Z. G. //. Murray, Madras; Colonel Robert Mac Gregor Murray, William Murray, Esquire, Barbadoes; Colonel Madras Army; James Ogilvie, Esquire; Zbm

Ogilvie, Esquire, CanadaJohn Hugh D. Ogilvie, Esquire, Madras; Captain PatuUo, Madras Army; Lieutenant Archibald Paxton, Eleventh Dragoons; Major Prendergast, Madras Army; Charles Rost of Fenchurch Street, Esquire 5 Andrew Reid of Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Lieutenant

Riddell, Madras Army; Andrew Robertson, or Gerrard Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Co/m Robertson of Russell Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Divie Robertson of Bedford Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Donald Robertson, Ebenezer Robertson of Lincoln*s Inn Fields, Esquire 5 Francis Robertson of Lincoln*s Inn Fields, Esquire; Colonel Philip Colyear Robertson, Captain Join F0/1, East India Service; Alexander Ross of Cromarty, Esquire; Gilbert Saltoun, Esquire, Bermuda; Andrew Scott, Esquire, Madras; Captain «SVo//, Madras Army; Captain «/a7/x &v//,

Madras Army; Angus Shaw, Esquire, Quebec; Geddes Mackenzie Simson of Tower Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Alexander Sinclair, Esquire, Madras; Captain Alexander Skene, Royal Navy; Andrew Smith Skene, Esquire; William Smith, Esquire; t/oAa Spottifwoode of that 7/i, Esquire; Alexander Stewart of Bon/keid, Esquire; Alexander Stewart, Esquire, Madras; Major Alexander Stewart, Colonel David Stewart, Garth; Robert Stewart, Esquire, Haddington; Robert Stewart, Esquire, of Afan; William Stewart of Piccadilly, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Honourable James Strange, Madras; Hugh Stuart, Esquire, Foreign Office; F. £. of Alderston, Esquire; Lieutenant General Robert Stuart of

Raitt; J, Sutherland, Esquire, Bombay; William Tate of the Old Jewry, in the City of London, Esquire; Thomas Telford, Esquire; Richard Townend the Younger, of Lime Street, in the City of London, Esquire; John Tulloh, Esquire, Bengal; Colonel Charles Turner of Seymour Street, in the County of Middlesex; Walter Urquhart of Warles, Esquire; Robert Warden, Esquire; A. Watson, Doctor of Physic, Madras; John Watson of Mincing Lane, in the City of London, Esquire; John Wedderburn of Leadenhall Street, in the City of London, Esquire 5 General Wemyfs of that Ilk; Benjamin West, Esquire, President of the Royal Academy; George Toung of Aujlin Friars, in the City of London, Esquire; together with all and every Person who shall be admitted into the said Society as a Member thereof, in manner herein mentioned, shall be One Body Corporate, by the Name of The Highland Society of London; and that by the fame Name they shall have per-Common Seal, petual Succession, and a Common Seal, with Power to change, alter, break, and make new the fame, when and Sec. as often as they shall judge the same to be expedient; and that they and their Successors, by the fame Name,

may sue and be sued, implead, and be impleaded, answer and be answered, in all or any Court or Courts of Record, and Places of Judicature within this Kingdom; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, eujoy, possess and retain, for the Ends and Pur. ppfes of this Act, and in trull, and for the Benefit of the said Society, all such Sum and Sums of Money as nave been paid, given, devised or bequeathed, or shall at any time or times hereafter be paid, given, devised or bequeathed by any charitable or well disposed Person or Persons, to and for the Ends and Purposes in this Society may take Act mentioned; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any time here-Landt in Mort- after, without Licence, in Mortmain, purchase, take or receive, hold and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements or He-main* reditaments, or any Estate or IntereR therein, for the Purposes of the said Charity, not exceeding Five Thousand

Pounds in Value.

Appointment of

IL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of Fork

Officers and Albany shall be, and he is hereby appointed President of the said Corporation; and that the Right Honourable

James Murray, commonly called Lord James Murray; the Right Honourable Alexander George Lord Saltoun; the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of East Sheen, Baronet; General Sir George Beckwith, Knight, Grand Cross of the most Honourable Order of the Bath; and Colonel Alexander Macdonell of Glengarry, shall be, and are hereby appointed the Vice Presidents of the fame; and that David Cunningham, Esquire 5 John Galt, Esquire; William Henderson, Esquire; Alexander Lamb, Esquire; James Lindsay, Esquire; Alexander Macleay, Esquire; Donald Mackinnon, Do£lor of Physic; Kenneth Murchifon Macrae, Esquire; William Munro, Esquire; Andrew Robertson, Esquire; Geddes Mackenzie Simson, Esquire; and George Toung, Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby appointed a Committee of Directors for the Management of the Affairs and Business of the said Corporation, whereof Five at the lead may proceed to transact the said Affairs; and that Simon Mac Gillivray, Divie Robertson, and James Hamilton, Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed the Treasurers of the said Corporation; and that Simon Mac Gillivray, and James* Hamilton, Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Secretaries of the fame; and that Grant Allan, Alexander Grant, and Colin Robertson, Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Auditors of the

11 fame;

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. xx.

1093

fame; and that Colin Macrae, Esquire, shall be, and he is hereby appointed the Deputy Secretary of the fame; and that the Reverend William Mackenxie and Roderick Mac hod, Doctor of Divinity, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Chaplains of the fame; and that the said several Officers shall continue in their respective Offices until the Twenty first Day of March, which shall be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that the said President, or in his Absence One or more of the Vice Presidents, or of Who may com-the Treasurers, with any Twelve or more of the Members of the said Corporation; or in the Absence of the P°fe*General President, all the Vice Presidents and Treasurers, any Fifteen or more of the Members of the said Corpor- Court* ation, shall compose a General Court; and that the First General Court shall be holden on the Third Saturday First General in May, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, at such House or Place as the said Corporation Court, shall then occupy or use for carrying on the Business of the fame, and shall then, and from time to time, be adjourned to such House or Place as, for the time being, shall be so occupied or used, or to such other Place as they shall deem expedient, (due Notice being given thereof as herein after mentioned, ) at such time or times as the said Court shall think necessary, for the due Execution of this Act; and that a General Court of General Courts, the said Corporation shall be holden Four times at least in every Year, that is to say, on the Third Saturday in the Month of February, the Twenty first Day of March, the Third Saturday in the Month of April, and the Third Saturday in the Month of May; and, in case the said Twenty first Day of March should happen to fall on a Sunday or Good Friday, then, and in that case, the said General Court shall be holden on the Twenty second, the Day immediately following; and Notice of each such General Courts shall be given in Two of the Public Newspapers, Ten Days at least before the holding of every such Court; and whenever Occasion shall require, a Special General Court shall be holden by Order of the Committee of Special General Directors, or the major Part of them assembled at any of their Meetings, or upon the Requisition of any ^oaxtM-Nine of the Members, signified in Writing to any One of the Secretaries for the time being, and subscribed by such Members, upon the like Notice thereof being given Ten Days at least before the holding of the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That aH Persons desirous of becoming Members of the said Society, shall be Member* to be proposed at one of the General or Special General Meetings of the fame, or at any Meeting of the Committee of Directors, and at no other time, by Two Members of the said Society, who shall insert in a Book, to be oeneril Court* kept for that Purpose, the Name and Place of Abode of such Person, together with their own Name; and that each of the Persons so proposed, shall be severally put in Nomination at the next ensuing General or Special General Court 5 and that the Members then present, shall proceed to a Ballot, and such persons shall and to be elected be delared to be duly elected as shall appear to be approved of by Three Parts in Four of the Members bal- h.v Ballot* lotting, and shall before his Admission, pay into the Hands of One of the Treasurers of the said Society, the Sum of Twenty six Pounds Five Shillings: Provided always, that if in any case it shall be the unanimous Ballot, by Con-Desire of the Members present at such Election, that the Ballot should be dispensed with, and that the Ptrfom fe.nJ* dispensed then in Nomination should be elected a Member of the said Society, such Person so elected, shall be deemed Wit and taken to have been elected by Ballot, and shall be admitted a Member of the said Society, on Payment of the Sum aforesaid.

IV. And Whereas certain Persons have been chosen Honorary Members of the said Society, and it may Honorary*be expedient that others should be chosen in future Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Number of such Members may be chosen in manner aforesaid, not exceeding Twenty such Members.* choseo.

V.- And be it further enacted, That at the General Court that shall be holden on the Third Saturday in February, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, there shall be chosen a President, Five Vice Presidents, Three Treasurers, Three Auditors, Twelve Directors, Two Secretaries, One Under Secretary and Two Chaplains, to serve for the Space of One Year only, to commence from the Twenty first Day of March next ensuing; and that theiike Election of the Officers aforesaid, shall be made at the said General Court Yearly, and in every Year; and in case any of the Offices aforesaid shall become vacant by Death, Resignation or otherwise, another Person shall from time to time be chosen to serve in the Place of such Officer, during the Remainder of the Term for which the Person whose Office shall have become vacant, was chosen, and no longer; and the President and Vice Presidents, Treasurers. Auditors and Secretaries for the time being, shall be Members of the said Committee over and above the Twelve Directors to be elected as aforesaid; and also all such Members as shall have served the Offices of President, Vice President, Treasurer or Secretary of the said Society; and the Members of the said Corporation, assembled at any such General Court as aforesaid, or the General Courts major Part of them so assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, in the Name of the said Corporation, may delegate and on their Account, to apply and dispose of the Monies and Funds already given, and which shall from time 1>?wers to^: om' to time be contributed and given by any Person or Persons, on account of the said Society, and all other J^rder^nd* Monies and Funds belonging, or to belong to the said hereby created Corporation, to and for the Purposes dispoVe of Com-aforesaid, and to or for any other Purpose, Matter or any thing relating to the fame, and for the Benefit thereof, mon Seal; make at their Discretion; and with and under their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contracts for Bye Laws, and the Purposes -aforesaid, and for any other Purpose or Purposes for the better effecting and carrying on the revoke ^nd alter Uses and Designs aforesaid; and to do, manage, transact and determine all such other matters and things, as 1 e ame>

shall to them, at any such Court, appear to be necessary or proper for effecting and carrying on the Purposes aforesaid 5 and shall and may delegate such Power and Authority to the said Committee of Directors, as they shall think necessary for the more speedy, easy and effectual Execution of this Act 5 and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Members of the said Corporation, in a General Court assembled only, or the major Part of them, so as aforesaid, to order and dispose of the Custody of the said Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof; and to make, ordain and constitute such and so many Bye Laws, Constitutions and .Ordinances, as to them, or the greater Number of them then and there present, shall seem necessary and convenient, touching or in anywise concerning the Affairs and Business, and the better governing, regulating, ordering and

Election of President, Vifce Presidents, Trea-iurers, Auditors, Directors, Secretaries, Deputy Secretary and Chaplain*.

No Bye Law binding unless confirmed by a General Court.

Persons in whose Names Monies are invested, kc. to transfer and assign the lame to the Corpor-ntion.

Power to Trea-lurers, with Consent of Committee, to invell Monies in the fundtt.

Dividends to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

Questions to be decided by Vote, except in the Ele&iou of Members.

Power to General Court to fill Bp Vacancies.

Committee may suspend or remove Officers and Servants.

Officers to account,

Officer not accounting or refuting to verify Accounts, Two Justices of Peace may esquire thereof on Oath of Witnesses and levy Money remaining due from fuel) Officer by Distress.

Impr'rfbnment.

C. xx. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

managing of the said hereby erected Corporation, and of the Officers, Servants and Persons employed in and about the Affairs thereof; and for auditing the Accounts of the said Corporation; and the fame Bye Laws, Constitutions and Or&iances so made, to put in use and enforce accordingly, and at their Will and Pleasure to revoke, change and alter the fame or any Part of them; which said Bye Laws, Constitutions and Ordinances which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be duly kept and observed, provided that the fame be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs or Laws of the United Kingdom, or to any thing in this Act contained.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no such Bye Law, Rule, or Ordinance shall be binding, or have any Force or Efieft, until the same shall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next Succeeding General Gourt, whether Quarterly or Extraordinary, and that the fame Method shall be observed in altering or repealing any such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders or Ordinances.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons iH whose Name or Names any Sum or Sums of Money, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgagee, Securities for Money or other Effects whatsoever, shall at the time of passing this Act (land, or be fecuied, the beneficial Interest wherein respectively shall belong to the said Society hereby incorporated, shall forthwith, after the passing of this Act, transfer and assign the fame respectively, so and in such manner as that the same shall be vested in the hereby erected Corporation, by the Name, Style and Title hereinbefore mentioned and enacted.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurers for the time being of the said hereby erected Corporation, and they are hereby authorized and required from time to time, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Committee of Directors thereof for the time being, or the major Part of such Committee present at any of their Meetings, to lay out and invest all or any such Sum or Sums of Money as have or hath been, or shall hereafter be given, devised or bequeathed by any charitable or well disposed Person or Persons, to and for the said Ends, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned, or any Part thereof, other than and except such and so much thereof, as the Exigencies of the said Corporation shall call for the immediate Application or Expenditure of, in any of thn Public Funds, in the Name of the said hereby erected Corporation.

IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Dividends, Interest and Annual Proceeds, which shall from time to time arise from the Funds and Securities belonging, or which shall at any time belong to the said hereby erected Corporation, shall from time to time be applied to and for the Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Questions upon the Proceedings of the said Corporation at any General Court or Committee of Directors, shall be decided by Vote; and in case of an Equality of Voices, the President or Chairman shall have the Calling Vote, save and except in the Case of the E left ion of Members, as herein mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Members of the said Corporation, at a General Court, or the major Part of them present at such General Court, shall have Power from time to time, and at all times, to fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies of President, Vice President*, Treasurers, Auditors, Directors, Secretaries, Deputy Secretary and Chaplains, and appoint such other Officers, Servants and other Persons, as they shall think necessary to employ for the Purposes, and in the Execution of this Act; and from time to time, suspend or remove all such Servants, or other Persons, or any or either of them, as they shall think fit, and appoint others in case of Death, or such Suspension or Removal ? and may out of the Monies to be received for the Purposes of this Act, make reasonable Allowances to all such Servants, and other Persons, for their Services; and that all and every such Officers, and Servants, and other Persons of every Description, shall from time to time, when thereunto required by the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, make and render to the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, a true, exact and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which he, she or they, and every of them respectively, shall to that time have received, paid and distmrfed, by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices; and in case any Money so received, shall remain in their, or any of their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same $ and in case any such Officer or other Person shall not make and render, or shall refofe to verify any such Account, or to make any such Payment as aforesaid, then any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the City of London, or for such County as the said Society shall for the time being be situated in, shall and may, upon Complaint to them, make Enquiry of and concerning such Default in a summary way, (as well by Confession of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony or One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath or Affirmation, which the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer); and if it shall appear to such Justices, that any of the Monies that shall have been received for the Purposes of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer or Servant, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non Payment thereof, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Servant; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Servant can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Servant, or if it shall appear to inch Justices, that such Officer or Servant shall have refused, or wilfully neglected to render or give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers or Writings relating to the said Corporation shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Servant, and he shall have refused, or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the fame, then and in each and every such case, such Justices shall, upon Conviction, commit the Party offending, to the Common Gaol of the County of Middlesex, or the City of London»

5

A.D. 18 j6.

56° GEORGII III.

C.Slx, xxi. 1095

or of such County as the said Society shall for the time being be situated in, there to remain without Bail or

Mainprize until he, she or they, shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until

he, she or they, shall have compounded and agreed with the said Committee, or any Five or more of them,

and until he, she or they, shall have paid such Composition Money, which Competition the (kid Committee,

or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make and receive: Provided always, that no Officer Proviso is to

or Person who shall be so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of Duration of

this Act for any longer Space of time than Six Calendar Months. Imprisonment.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurers for the Treasurers 10 at-time being of the said Corporation, shall give in their Accounts from time to time, when required either by count to the the Committee of Directors at any of their Meetings, or at a General Court, there to be examined and allowed Committee, or or disallowed; and shall pay over all the Monies remaining in their Hands, and transfer all or any Funds Court which may at any time be (landing in their Names as Treasurers as aforesaid, to the Treasurers immediately succeeding them, on Demand by such succeeding Treasurers, with the Authority of the Committee, or of the General Court at which succeeding Treasurers shall be elected or appointed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves Appeal aggrieved by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of this Act, such rerson or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City or Place within which the Matter of Appeal

shall arise, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen; the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days' Notice at lead, of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against; and forthwith after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fotne Justice of the Peace for such County,

City or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Award and Order of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter uf such Appeal m a summary way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Cods to Cod; , either of the Parties or otherwise, as they the said Justices shall judge proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be binding, final and conclusive to and upon all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person Limitation of for Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premites, or any of them, Adtious. every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such

Suit or Action shall have arisen, in the County where the Cause of such Action shall have arisen, and not

elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, may plead the General Issue, and General IAue.

give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was

done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the (ante shall appear to have been so done, or if

such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the time before limited, or shall be brought in any other

County or Place than aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or

if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have, such

Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods in other cases

by Law.

[Public Act.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice>f as such by all Judge*, Justices And ethers, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes in the County of Middlesex, lying between the Parish of Saint Lute Chelsea, and the Mouth of the Riv^r Colne, near Staines; and also between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackwall; and also within the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, adjoining to both Banks of the River Lee, and the Branches thereof, between the River Thames and Edmonton.

[21st May 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fory seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 47 G. 3. SelT.-i.

4 W An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities c*78 — 90.

4 of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey,

Kent, and Essex, and for making better Provision for the fame, certain Land Coal Meters were continued or appointed for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Cornwall adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields,

Saint Mary de-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as is in the County of Middlesex;

and also for the City of London, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Mildlesex;

and also for the several Parishes of Egham, Thorpe, Chertsey, Weybridge, Walton on Thames, West Moulsey,

Thames Ditton, Kingston, Richmond, Mortlale, Barnes, Croydon, Mitcham, Putney, Wandsworth, Battersea,

Lambeth, Christchurch, Newington, Saint George in the Borough of Southwark, Saint Saviour's, Saint Olave,

Saint Thomas, Saint John, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and certain Regulations were thereby made respecting the Vend and Delivery of Coals fold within the same Places respectively: And Whereas the Regulations contained in the said Act htive proved very beneficial to the Consumers of Coals within the Places aforesaid, by preventing the Commission of Frauds in

the

1096 C. xxi.'

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

the Vend and Delivery thereof; and it is apprehended that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes in the County of Middlesex, lying upon, or adjoining to the North Side or Bank of the«River Thames, between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth or Entrance of the River Colne near

Staines; and also between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth or Entrance of the River Lee or Bow Creek, near

Black wall, and of the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, lying upon, or adjoining to

the River Let or Bow Creek, and to the various Branches and Streams thereof, on both Sides or Banks

thereof, between the River Thames and the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County of Middlesex, if Provi-

fions were made to prevent Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals fold within the same; 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

Officers ap- present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the First of

pointed. June next, there shall be provided or continued at or near to Hammersmith in the said County of Middlesex,

One Public Office, which shall be deemed and taken to be the principal Land Coal Meter's Office for the several Parishes, Hamlets and Places, in the County of Middlesex, lying upon and adjoining to the North Side or Bank of the River Thames, between the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Colne near Staines; and also between Limehoufi Hole, and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Lee or Bow Creek; and also for the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, lying upon or adjoining to the said River Lee or Bow Creek, and of every Stream or branch thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof respectively, situate between the said River Thames, and the said Parish of Edmonton; that is to say, the several Parishes, Hamlets and Places of Saint Luke, Fulham, Hammersmith, Chiswick, Ealing, Brentford, Han well, Isle worth, Twickenham, Teddington, Hampton, Sunbury, Shepperton, Laleham, Staines, Saint Anne Limehouse, (except so much thereof as is situate between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, ) Poplar and Black-wall, in the Parish of Stepney, Saint Leonard Bromley, Saint Mary Stratford Bow, Saint John at Hackney, and Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex, and All Saints, West Ham, and Leyton, in the County of Essex; and there shall also be provided and continued Three subordinate Offices at the respective Placet following; (that is to say). One at Stratford-le-bow, in the County of Essex, and One at Brentford, and another at Stamford Hill in the said County of Middlesex; which said principal and subordinate Offices shall respectively be kept open every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fafl or Thanksgiving Days by Proclamatioa only excepted) from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, yearly, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening; and from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March, yearly, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour Principal Meter Of gjx jn^j?Tening. and jf any Principal Meter shall refuse or neglect to open or keep open any principal ecp, ng or subordinate Office as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding

Twenty Pounds. tf.

II. And be it further enacted, That Abraham Sanderson, of the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby nominated and appointed the Principal Land Coal Meter for executing the Provisions of this Act, and the Manager of the several Offices to be provided as aforesaid save and except he shall die or be removed from such Office by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which Re*-moval His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, is. and are hereby empowered to make) until the First Day of June which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven; and from theace to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case and when and as often as the said Abraham Sanderson, or may other Principal Land Coal Meter to be from time to time appointed for the Purposes of this Act shall die, or shall be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or shall be removed therefrom as aforesaid, or the time limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, then it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to nominate and appoint any other Person as Principal Land Coal Meter in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed, removed or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whose time limited for the Execution of his Office shall expire, and so toties quo ties as often as any such case shall happen; and every such Person so to be nominated or appointed as aforesaid, shall be, remain and continue Principal Meter for the Execution of this Act, until the said First Day of June, One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven, unless he shall be sooner removed or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and they are hereby authorized and required to inquire into, and hear and determine any Complaint of Fraud or Misbehaviour of the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being for the Execution of this Act, in the same manner as they are by Law authorised to inquire into, hear and determine Misdemeanors j and if such Principal Coal Meter shall be found guilty of any Fraud, Neglect or Misbehaviour, he shall forfeit and pay for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such Fine as such Court, before whom such Complaint shall be made, shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds; together with such Costs as such Court shall think proper to award and direct, and such Principal Coal Meter shall be liable to be removed as hereinbefore mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the Term for which any such Principal Land Coal Meter shall have been appointed shall expire, then and in such case nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any such Principal Land Coal Meter, whose Term limited for the Execution of his Office shall so expire, from being renominated or reappointed to his Office of Principal Meter.

Offices open. Penalty. Principal Meter appointed.

His Majesty to appoint Principal Meter upon any Vacancy.

Principal Coal Meter neglecting Duty.

Penalty.

Principal Meters may be re-elected* when ihcir time expires.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C. xxi.

1097

be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aftiqg as Principal Land, Coal Meter, principal L«d ution of this Act, until he shall hare taken and subscribed before Two or more of His Majesty's CoalMeten to

: i

VI. And in the Execution

Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, an Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby autho- t*ke an Oath

rixed and required to administer, ) in the following Words: forduePer-

I j formaqceof

do swear, That I will honettly, truly, faithfully and impartially, according their Duty.

to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter, for the < Parishes comprised in an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the*Third, intituled {here set forth the Title of this So help me GOD.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being shall, and Principal Meters he is hereby directed and required, from time to time and at all times, to nominate, appoint and employ a to appoint La-sufficient Nnmber of Labouring Land Coal Meters, for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals, and for executing urm* , rs*

such other Duties as are by this Act required to be done by Land Coal Meters, and from time to time to suspend or dismiss the fame Labouring Land Coal Meters, as he shall think fit.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Labouring Land Coal Labouring Coa Meter in the Execution of this Act Until he shall have taken and subscribed before any One or more of His Meters dfoto Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or for the said County of Essex, an ta e in Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to administerj in the Words following:

do swear. That I will honestly, truly, faithfully and impartially, to the Form of Oaili. bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the*Parishes comprised in an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George*the Third, intituled {here insert the Title of thie and that I will truly and impartially inspect and

measure, or fee measured or loaded, all such Coals between Buyer and Seller, and execute such other Duties*as are by Law required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred.

'So help me GOD.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said several Labouring Land Coal Meters, and every of them, Labouring Coal shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to attend at the several Wharfs, Warehouses and other Meters to at tend Places, at which he or they shall be stationed from time to time by the said Principal Land Coal Meter, each their Sutio1* and every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fast or Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening, and from the Hours pfAi-Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March from the Hour of Six in the Morning tendance, until the Hour of Six in the Evening; and if upon Notice being given to any such Labouring Coal Meter or Notice to be Meters so stationed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place or Places of given to Meter Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice, within the Limits 10 aWen »* of his or their Station or Stations for the time being, in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Act to be done by a Land Coal Meter at any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice, for the Purpose of measuring or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required of Labouring Meters by this Act, shall be given at the Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter 5 and such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters shall not Not aitaulufg, attend pursuant to any such Notice within the Space of Two Hours from the giving of the fame, and do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such case every such Labouring Coal Meter, and the said Principal Land Coal Meter, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds. ena ty*

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every Labouring Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of Labouring Me-the Principal Land Coal Meter, for the Execution of this Act, shall be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction and the*Coutroui^ Controul of the said Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the County of Effcxy within their respective Jurisdictio'ns, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and shall and may be dismissed and suspended by such General or Quarter Sessions respectively, from the Execution and Emoluments of their said respective Offices, on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof, all which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Courts in a summary Way.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Coal Meters not Persons to be employed under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during Jiis or their respective Continu- interested ance in Office or Employment as aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any 'e 0 Coals whatsoever, other wise than in the Discharge of his or their said respective Offices, such Principal Land penuity on Priti-Coal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and dual Meter, such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Coal Meter respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Penalty on pay the Sum of Filty Pounds, and being thereof respectively convicted before the said Court of Quarter DePuty Meter. Sessions for the said County of Middlesex or Essex (according to the Jurisdiction J, shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the fame or any other under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever, fold and to be lent in any Waggon, Cart or Land Coal Me-other Land Carriage, from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place or Places within the LimitA o? this Act, and text may demand also all Coals whatsoever fold and tabe sent by Gang Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where from v*nd^ or

56 Geo. III.

7 A

any

Whsrfiqgar a

1098 C. xxi. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Sight of the Ship's Certificate.

And to indorse the Word " Delivered" on such Certificate.

[Penalty.]

Meter counter-signing Ticket without having inspected Coals, be.

[Penalty.]

Regulation with regard to Coals sold by Pool Measure.

Whtrfinger, Sec.

obstructlug

Meter.

Penilty.

Pool Measure Coals when sent by Waggon.

Form of the Vender's Ticket to be lent therewith.

any Land Meter shall be stationed, fituafce within such Limits or District, shall, previously to such Coals being so sent away, be carefully inspected and examined by the Principal or One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being sent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage), are of the Sort or Description mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Venders and Vender of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Description as and for which the same shall be sold; and such Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Vender or Venders, or of the Wharfinger or other Person with whom the Ship Certificate of any of such Coals shall be left at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any such Coals, such Ship Certificate, for the Purpose of perusing and inspeding the fame, and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required to countersign such Ticket or Tickets, if such Meter shall be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall not countersign the fame without being so satisfied, any thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby also authorized ana required, when the whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Lighter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, to write or indorse on the Back of the Certificate of such Coals, the Word " Deliveredand if any such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person shall refuse or neglect to produce and deliver to any such Meter such Ship Certificate on Demand, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any such Meter shall countersign any such Ticket or Tickets, without having first inspected such Coals, and also such Ship Certificate, and without having reasonable Ground to be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort described in such Vender's Ticket, or if any such Meter shall not immediately after the whole of the Coals contained in any such Lighter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for such Certificate of such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced indorse the fame in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or Carriage, from any Wharf or Place within the Limits of this Act, shall be loaded in Sacks, in the Pretence of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the District, which Labouring Meter is hereby authorised and required to watch and insped the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loaded, and it shall be lawful for such Meter to measure the Dimensions of ail or any of such Sacks used in any such Loading before such Sacks shall be filled or loaded; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby authorized and required when any Room or Rooms of Coals in any Lighter, Barge or Craft, are or is to be sold and sent from any such Wharf or other Place as and for Pool Measure by any Land Carriage, to see that the Coals so loaded and sent are in fad taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so fold, and like wife that the whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Rooms so fold are in fad entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and sent away to the Purchaser or Purchasers. of the Coals contained in such Room or Rooms; and in case such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks used for the loading of any such Coals is or are of less Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it shall appear to such Meter, according to the befl of such Meter*s Judgment, that any Sack or Sacks used in loading any such Coals do not contain when loaded each the Quantity of Three Bushels of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that any such Coals sold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms, shall not in fad be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms so fold or to be sold, or that the whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms shall not be entirely emptied out of the fame, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Meter to refuse to countersign the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and if any Wharfinger, Coal Porter or other Person or Persons, shall in any manner obstruct, hinder or prevent such Meter in or from the Performance of any such Duty or Duties so required of such Meter by this Act, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Venders or Vender of, or Dealers or Dealer in any Coals fold, sent or taken away, as and for Pool Measure from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall be (hot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

1 MR< [Here insert the Name of the Purchaser] Take Notice, that you are to receive herewith [Here

insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the Number] Sacks of 4 [Here insert the Name of the] Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of \_Here insert the Name of the] Coals,

' for inspeding the Loading and Quality of which Coals you are, on the Receipt of this Ticket, in Conformity to an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to pay the undersigned E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Vender] the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the Compensation diteSed by this Act to be given to such Principal Meter for the Inspection of such Coals, calculating the same as by this Act dire3cd] being at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and 1 One Vat sold to, and to be received by you herewith 5 and by the same Act this Ticket is directed to be

4*delivered

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. xxi.

delivered to you before any of the Coals are (hot out of the Cart or Waggon, and that a Bushel Measure is

in such Cart or Waggon, by which the Carman is directed to measure gratify under the Penalty of Tea

Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack, which the Purchaser, or his Servant or Servants may require,

which Sack is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Height of such Cone to be

at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Mrafure to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and»

that in case of your being dissatisfied with the Coals now sent, you are entitled by the same Act to have the fame remeasured by the Bushel Measure, provided you immediately, and before any more of the Coals ' than One Sack shall be shot or delivered from the Cart, Waggon or Carriage in which the same are brought,

fend Notice in Writing of your Desire to haye die feme remeasured to any of the Land Coal Metei's

Offices appoihted by or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty seventh Year, or the said Act of the Fifty

sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, also to the Vender or Venders of such Coals. C.D. [Here

insert the Name of the Vender J E* F. [Here insert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the Office is Jituated] Dated [ Here insert the Day of the Monthy and the Month and Year when such Ticket was signedS]

And in case such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or PurchaserS of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be shot or delivered, from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such Coals as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such Coak as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, in order to be delivered^to the Purchaser, shall (having first received the feme from the Vender or Venders, or any Person by the Order of the Vender or Venders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals, sold as and for Pool Measure, and sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coals sold as and for Pow Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall be stationed, situate within such Limits; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, from or over which any such Coals shall be so sent, shall and such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier Or Occupiers is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Act, at and aftOr the Rate of One Shilling for e*ery Five Chaldrons and One Vat so bought and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for the Trouble of inspecting or superintending the Loading and fending away such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coak to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereitl contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals, sold as and for Pool Measure, from fending such Coals to the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall appoint, (provided such Landing Place or Premisea be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter shall by virtue of this Act be stationed) or from having such Coals unloaded and delivered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang Labour or in any other manner, except in or by Means of any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage, without the Presence, Intervention, or Inspection of any Land Meter, and without being subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever to any Land Meter for or in respect of such Coals; but in case such Landing Place shall be within the Limits of this Act, and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall require the Care or Attendance of a Land Meter, then he, she or they shall have and be entitled to such Attendance, upon fending Notice of such his, her or their Desire to the said Principal or any other Land Meter's Office appointed by virtue of this Act; and in such case such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay and be charged* for the Attendance of such Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Purchaser of any Coals fold and sent to such Purchaser by any Lighter, Barge or other Craft, from any Place within the Limits of this Act, ot of the said recited Act, shall think or suspect that the full and lawful Measur of any such Coals has not been sent, and shall, before the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge or other Craft, shall have 'delivered up to the Purchaser, or to his, her or their Servant, such Lighter, Barge or other Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bulk shall be broken of such Coals, signify his or her Deftre to have lueh Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Lighterman or other Person sent with the Lighter, Barge or Craft in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall either continue at the Landing Place or Premises of the Purchaser of the said Coak, with the said Lighter, Barge or other Craft, until such Coals are remeasured, or shall leave such Lighter, Barge or other Craft properly fattened and made secure at such Landing Place or Premises, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the feme so to remain there until such Coals are remeasured, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty. Shillings on the Lighterman or other Person sent with such Lighter, Barge or other Craft; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the said Coals^are going to be remeasured, and also fend Notice in Writing thereof to any One of the Offices

7 A 2 of

IO99

Vender not delivering Ticket Purchaser.

Penalty. Carman not delivering Ticket.

[Penalty.]

What Sum of Money to be paid to the Meter for inspecting CealS sold by Pool Measure.

Enabling Purchasers of Coak sold by Pool Measure to have such Coals delivered without the Intervention of a Meter.

Purchasers of Con Is sent by Water may have the fame remeasured, in case Fraud be fuf-spe&ed.

Lighterman, &c. not leaving Lighter for that Purpose.

Penalty on the Owner.

Penalty on Lighterman. Notice of re-measuring by

nob

PuTch*fcr, and thereupon Meter to attend*

If Deficiency appear, Penalty in Proportion.

By whom Expellees of Re-measuroment are to be paid.

Coals sold by Pool Measure not to be men - lured by Bushel, unless at DeOre of Purchaser. Coals sold by Wharf Measure to be measured in the Presence of a Land Coal Meter.

Meter* suffering Wharf Measure Coals to be lent out without being measured.

[Penalty.]

Fee to Coal Meters for Wharf Measure Coals, and by whom paid.

Ticket to Ctrmen. Contents thereof.

Gm 58° GEORGII III. AJ3.i8i«i

of the Land Coal Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or by the fitid recited Act, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or one of the Labouring Meters for the Execution of this Act or the And recited Act, at the case may be (not being the Meter tinder whose Inspection any such Coals may have been originally loaded) (bally within Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Office of any such Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the fame with the Bushel Measure in the Presence of the Vender and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Ag»mls or Servants, if any of them shall attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals remeasured 5 and in case it shall appear upon the Remeasure -ment of such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as shall attend for the Purpose of remeasuring of such Coals, that such Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every such case, if such Coals have been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall, in case fuerr Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coal? fb remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and fhaW moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in case any such Coals so remeasured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coal6 to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and of the said recited Act, so remeasuring, shall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any such Remeasuresment the whole of the Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be coti-ftrued to extend, to require any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the Bushel Measure previously to such Coals being loaded and sent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Laud Carriage from the Vender's Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Desire of the Purchaser of any such Coals.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Bushels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labouring Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, by the Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Act is directed, and the said Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Chals of the Person or Persons so vending or contrafting for the Sale of the said Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals exceeding Eight Bushels, which shall be sold or loaded to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, to be sent from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of his Office, without such Coals being measured in the manner herein directed, and shall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, within Two Days next after such Coals shall have been measured, then and in every such case such Labouring Coal Meter shall for ever thenceforth be rendered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals which shall be sold and delivered as and for Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within the Limits of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Warehouse or Place from which such Coals are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals to the said Principal Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Act, and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carmfcn who shall cart, lead, drive or carry away the fame, a Paper Writing, or Ticket, signed by the Principal Land Coal Meter, and countersigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending, and delivering the fame, in which shall be contained the Christian and Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Sellers, Vender or Venders, and also either the Christian and Surname or Names, or only the Surname or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, Consumer or Consumers of the said Coals, and the Quantity of such Coals, and the Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery, and Admeasurement, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carman or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the fame Coals, and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, she or they is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, and shall desire to have all such Coals remeasured, such Distatisfaction mail be expressed to the Carman, before more than One Sack of such Coals is shot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart or other Carriage conveying the fame; and' that if such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be lo dissatisfied, and shall desire to have all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage Tw-roeafured, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or any of such particular Sacks, then that such Deli re must be expressed to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall desire to have re-menfured, shall be shot or uuloaden from the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the same shall be sent;

which

A.D. 1816.

6' GEORGII) III.

C. xxi* ,

Which said Ticket, being thua made complete/ and Metage paid* ftajl be, delivered unaltered by the Labour- Delivered to

ing Coal Meter, countersigning the fame without Delay to the Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, 'arm^n by I*-drive or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Purchaser or , Coufumer therein named, which said Coal,

Ticket unaltered, the said Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the £ter'

Coals in such Ticket, described, shall and he k hereby required to deliver to the respective Con fume rs or Purchasers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket for the Use of such Purchaser or Consumer, and thereupon he, she or they is and are hereby required to pay to the S Her named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified, and if the Labouring Cpal Meter coun- Labouring terfigniwg such Ticket shall after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this Act, refuse t er refuting to to deliver such Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive or carry deliver Ticket id the Coals therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum Carman, not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals ^enalty* described in such Ticket, shall, after the fame Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the Labouring j|*Jf7ng Ticket Coal Meter countersigning the fame, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the fame Ticket to the Pur- to Purchaser. chafer or Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive the Coals described in such Ticket,

shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings. Penalty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give Wharfingers or offer, or cause to be given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters any ^, \v\n^ Bribes to Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron Meters, herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges arid Metage of Coals measured by the Bushel, or

over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.penalty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to Meters reociv-be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited Ticket to any ine Bribes, or Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons delivering whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, tickets. Reward or Gratuity what foe ver, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded

and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measurffor the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter shall willingly permit or suffer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall have not seen measured, or shall countersign any Vender's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without seeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Lighter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been first Completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever serving there- Penalty, after in the Office of a Coal Meter.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Quantity whatsoever of Coals exceeding Eight Budiels fold, Vender notdt-or to be sold, as and for Wharf Measure, shall be sent or driven in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, liveriiw a M#-or carried by Gang Labour, from any Wharf, Warehouse or Place, situate within the Limits of this Act,* wharf without having been measured by such Bush?l Measure as is directed and described by the said recited Act, Measure Coals, or without such Meter's Ticket as aforesaid so signed and countersigned as aforesaid having been first obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Coals,

before any Part of such Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty'

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be made use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Sicks to he Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said sealed and Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties ra; uked. thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and EJ/ex>as

is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, except such Sack shall be made of Linen, and shall have been first sealed and marked with White Paint in Oil, at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, Westminster, by the proper Officer there, and shall at the time of making use of such Sack measure in the Iufide thereof at lead Four Feet and Two Inches in Length, by Two Feet and Dimeufnnsuf One Inch in Breadth; and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not, at the time of the marking or Sacks.

(baling thereof, measure in the Inside thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Vender, fice. Coals, shall use, or cause to be used, any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within the several and respective Cities, Liberties and Parts aforesaid, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, or of less Length at the , ot of proper time of using the fame than Four Feet and Two Inches at the lead, in the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth Dimentsions. than Two Feet and One Inch at the lead, in the Inside thereof, then and in every such case every such Vender of, or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals-, shall for every such Sack so unmarked, or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings; and the Penalty. Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall cause every such Sack found unmarked or deficient, either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered l'rovifc.

by

Meter permitting 6ack* to be used of too (mail Dimensioni.

[Penalty.]

What Bushel Measure to be made use of.

12 Ann. Stat.2. c. 17, § XI, 12. To be fUmped.

Vender, &c. using Bushel not stamped.

[Penalty.]

Diminishing

Bushel

Imprisonment.

Venders, Sec. of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if difiat isfied, may have them remeasured.

Notice of Desire of Remeasurement.

Fee for Remea-furement.

Excess of Quantity.

[Penalty.]

Carman to carry a Bushel Measure in his Cart.

To be provided by Vender, &c.

C. xxi. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

by Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Use of such Sacks; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Labouring Coal Meter to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall use, or knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made use of for the xneafuring or carrying of Coals, of less Dimensions than such Sacks as are directed to be nfed for that Purpose by this Act, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, then and in every such case every such La>-bouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is described iu and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the speedy and effectual preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been first. stamped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westminster, or at the Guildhall London, previously to the fame being so kept or used, and that every such Bushel, previously to being so stamped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so stamped or marked with a Steel Instrument on the uppermost Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Bushel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at least Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall consist of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any lesser Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as aforesaid, and 10 stamped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminish any such Bushel stamped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any CoaU any Bushel other than such Bushel as aforesaid stamped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminish any such Bushel stamped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which shall have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Sale within the Limits of this Act, by or under the Inspection of the Labouring Land Coal Meter stationed or attending at such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such Coals are sent away from such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Sale, to feud, or cause to be sent, to the Office of the Principal Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Act, Notice in Writing, signifying the Desire of such Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have such Coals remeasured, and then and in such case such Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters of or from such Office, (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at such Office, attend to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the fame, Sack by Sack, by the Bushel Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, and for such Remeasurement such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured 5 and in case it shall appear, upon such Remeasurement, that the Coals so remeasured shall exceed the Quantity for which the fame were fold, then and in such case, if such Excess shall be equal or amount to or exceed Two Bushels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter who first measured such Coals shall for every Bushel so exceeding such Quantity as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with all the Expences of such Remeasurement.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals from any Ship, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Surrey and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall not have placed on some conspicuous Part of his Cart, Waggon or Carriage, a perfect Bushel Measure of the Form, Size or Dimensions, and so stamped or marked as hereinbefore directed, (which Measure shall be provided by the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals, ) then and in every such case every such Carman or Driver of such Cart,

Waggon

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. xxi

Waggon or other Carriage, not haring such Bushel Measure so placed therein or thereon, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that Coals which shall be carried or conveyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage belonging to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, may be so carried or conveyed without the Carman being obliged to carry a Bushel Measure therewith, or any Person or Persons being subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties in respect thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities (A London or IVefminder, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex> Surrey, Kent or Effete, as is or are situate within the Di(lance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a pnnted Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered, the fame Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

MR- [Here insert the Name of the Buyer] Take Notice, that you are to receive herewith [Here

insert the Number] Sacks of [ Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the Number] Sacks of

[Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the]

Goals; and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, the

Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Waggon, and

that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by which the Carman is directed to measure gratis

(under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any Qae Sack which the Purchaser or his

Servant may require, which Sack is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C.D. [ Here insert the Name of the Vender.]

E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Coals being sent from within either of the DiflriSs of the said respective Offices.] Dated [Here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year«when such Ticket was signed.]

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, ladeu with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given by or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the fame from the Vender or any Person by the Vender's Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by the Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Ejffex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed to measure gratis, if he shall be required so to do, the Coals contained in any one of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or his or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting on the behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, ' with such Bushel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Necessity of having the Whole of such Coals remeasured in manner directed by this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart or Waggon or other Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Ejffex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to measure by the said Bushel Measure, such Sacks of Coals in manner herein directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers to be measured, or ii any such Carman -or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer

the

1103

Carman not having such Bushel.

Penalty on Carman and Vender. Proviso for Coals carried in Bulk.

Venders to deliver Tickets of Coals sold by Wharf Measure.

Vender not delivering Ticket.

[Penalty.]

Carman not delivering such Ticket to Purchaser.

Penalty*

Carman required to measure One Sack gratis in each Cart.

Carman driving Coals away without measuring the Sick*

iio4

Pentlty on Carman and on Vender.

' Coals feni by Land Carriage to be remeasured if desired by the Purchaser.

Carman driving away before Re-measurement.

Penalty. Purchasers to fend Notice to Meter's Office, if desirous to have Coals rein eafu red.

Labouring Meter to attend.

Vender or Purchaser not attending,

Meter may proceed.

Fee for Remea-ftirement.

If Deficiency appear.

Penalty on Vender.

Pen.Uryon

Vender.

Peiultv on Meter.

Feti.d'y on Coal Pot" ei

C.kxi. 56*ft GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

the said. Curt, Waggon or other Carriage to be driven away without measuring in manner herein directed the said Sack of Coals, or shallhinder, obttru& or other wise prevent the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever from measuring the said Bushel Measure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in such his Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, then and in every such case every such Carman or Driver so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum hot exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds,; and the Vender or Venders of, or the Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

XXXIV. Provided always* and be it enacted, That if any Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals fold or to be delivered within the Limits of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and sent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage; shall signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, his, her or their Desire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and die is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therem shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in every such case such Carman or Driver shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such Coal$ contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be remeasured, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required to fend or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, of his, her or their Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Act, (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any such Principal Land Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left at the House, Lodgings or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice, for the Purpose of remeasuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the fame in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to see the fame remeasured, and in case such Vender or Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on the measuring of such Coals in his, her or their Absence, and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the diflindl Sacks, so as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or else to remeasure such Coals in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and in case the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals shall not either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter signify or cause to be signified to such Meter his or their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or they would wish such Remea-furement to be taken or made in, then and in every such case such Meter shall proceed to remeasure such Coals in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for such Remeasurement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or cause to be paid, 16 the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters of and from the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as aforesaid, Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case, upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals which shall be so remeasured as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it. shall appear to the Meter so remeasuring the fame, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coals shall not contain Three Bushels, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall for every Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid which shall be remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same shall have been sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as aforesaid that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if such lad mentioned Coals shall have been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remeasured, and the Labouring Meter under whose Inspection the Coals were fird measured shall, for every Bushel' so deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who shall have fird measured such Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof shall, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Saim of Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeasured in the manner lad mentioned, and so found to amount to less than the Quantity for which the fame were fold shall have been sold as and for Pool Measure,

*5 theu

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C. xxi* 1105

then the Vender or Venders of such Coals fhstl, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels, and not Penalty on Ven-exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of derin propor-Coals so found deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings; and in case1°" to such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in cicncy* such case such Vender or Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that no such Coals How far no Re-so fold and sent shall be remeasured so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, after measurement if more than One S^ck of such Coals shall have been shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage more than ne into or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, $my thing hereinbefore contained to the Contrary Sack {hot' notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remeasurement of any Coals fold and sent as and In case of any for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall have been p0aJSjS}ld made in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, pr^jn» deficit the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be less or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, J, n such Remea-according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who coun- furement. teriigned such Vender's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bushels Penalty on

in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so ex- Meter ceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the sum of Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be whom th so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent taken together, of any such Coals

fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less areto^IT^d" than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks sent, of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure it shall be found that One fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sacks of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Notice as by this Act directed shall Principal Me-have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers, at any of the said Principal Land Meter's ter* not fending Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, requiring the Attendance of any Meter^al>ou, r|n8 from any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeasuring any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, fur^t^CotU then, and in every such case, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of such respective Office or Offices, where such Notice shall have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorized and-required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or respective Offices, for the Purpose of making the Re-measurement, and such respective Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter shall, and are, and is hereby required and authorized to remeasure any such Coals which they or he shall be so sent to remeasure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals shall, or not, be desirous of having such Remeasurement proceeded in, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters, Upon Notice, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, after having received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse, within the Space of Two Hours after the Receipt of such Notice, to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging or other Premises of fu<?h Purchaser or Purchasers accordingly; or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall refuse or neglect to remeasure such Coals, then, or ^Labouring and in every such case, any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters, and Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meter not at-Meters, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, shall prevent, obftxuft or interrupt, or

attempt to prevent any such Remeasurement being proceeded in and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or ft rutting Re Meters, sent by any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters in consequence of any such Notice, then, and measurement, in every such case, such Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, so offending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon or Carmen to be other Carriage shall be flopped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence of readmeasuring the Coals, paid for being or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be entitled to the kePt*

Sum of Three Shillings per Hour, for every Hour the Cart mall be so detained, and so in proportion for any Fraction of an Hour over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals, which Three Shillings per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the fame or any Part thereof shall upon the Remeasurement thereof be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in case the same shall not be remeasured, or shall upon such Remeasurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which such Coals were fold.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which shall be sold by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse Regulation*a*to or other Place within the Limits of this Act, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to the CoaU sold by Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight e, 51t* consisting of Ope hundred and twelve Pounds avoirdupois Weight, and Twenty such Hundred Weight mall 56 Geo. III.' 7 B be

i io6

Labouring Meter to attend the weighing, &c.

In what case Meter to coun-terlign Ticket.

Fee to Principal Meter.

Vender's Ticket to be lent with Coals sold by Weight.

Veuder not delivering Ticket.

Penalty. Carman not delivering fame to Purchaser.

[Penalty.]

Coals to be sold either by Weight, or by the Chaldron or Uurtiel

The storing up of different Sorts of Coals in a Warehouse uot to be prevented, provided' such Sorts be kept in different Parcels, fee.

Vender, &c.

feJling by undue Measure such Coals.

Penalty. Provisions respecting Coal Sheds or Warehouse s where Coals are fold in Quantities not exceeding H»lf a Chaldron.

C. xxL 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1813.

be and be deemed and taken to be One Ton; and all such Coals so to be sold dull be weighed and loaded at such Wharf or Warehouse or other Place of Sale, in the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Meters to be appointed pursuant to this Act, and such Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to superin-tend and inspect the weighing and loading of all such Coals so sold by the Weight, in order that such Meter may fee and be satisfied that in every such loading the full Weight of Coals is actually given, which shall be expressed in the Vender's Ticket, and such Meter may refuse to countersign the Vender's Ticket of any such Coals, in case such Meter shall not fee that the full and proper Weight shall be given, according to the Quantity which shall be expressed in such Vender's Ticket, but such Meter shall, and he is hereby required to countersign the fame, in case the proper Weight shall be given according to such Quantity of Coals expressed in such Vender's Ticket 5 and for such Inspection of such Coals so sold by Weight there shall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Warehouse or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Acts Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's Inspection, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than One Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight within the Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Puchafer or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggoa or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

[Here insert the Name of the Buyer.] Take Notice, That you are to receive herewith £Here insert the Number] Tons [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, for inspecting which Coals you are, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

to repay me the undersigned [ Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the Inspection Charge] being at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold to and to be received by you herewith.*

(Signed) C.D. [Here insert the Name of the Seller.]

(Countersigned) E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Meter.]

And in case such Vender or Venders do not deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid, and so .countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloaded, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals to whom any such Ticket shall have been given by or by the Orders of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the fame from the Vender or any Person by the Direction of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloaded, such Carman, Driver or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold within the Limits of this Act, save and except only such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, shall be sold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of Thirty fix of such Bufiiels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Bushel as aforesaid, or by the Half Bushel, Peck or Half Peck, provided such smaller Measure shall be some aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, shall extend or be taken or construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of this Act, from laying or storing up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repository, or other convenient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals of as many Sorts, Names or Descriptions as he, she or they shall respectively think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names or Descriptions of Coals be respectively laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Repository in separate and distindf Parcels, and wholly unmixed; and provided no such Coals be sold by any other than Wharf Measure, or without the true Name or Names of every or any of such Sorts of such Coals as shall be sold and sent from any such Warehouse or other Repository being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to be sent therewith to any Purchaser or Purchasers, and if any such Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold by any other than by Wharf Measure any Coals out of any such Warehouse or other Repository in which Two or more different Sorts of Coals may be stored or deposited, or shall not insert or cause to be inserted in the Vender's Ticket to be sent with such Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Coals as shall be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository or other Place, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then, and in every such case, every such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this A<5, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of this A£, who shall keep any Coal Shed, Shop or Warehouse, where Coals shall be sold in Quantities not greater than Half a Chaldron, and' where no Coals shall ever be sold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, from mixing or heaping up together, or causing to be mixed or heaped up together in such Shed, Shop or

'I. 10 Warehouse,

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C'.xxi. 1107

[Proviso.]

Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities whatsoever, of any and as many different Sorts, Names, or.Descrip- Mining Coals, tions of Coals, as he, she or they, shall respectively think fit, or from felling or causing to be sold, such Coals when so mixed: Provided nevertheless, that such Coals, when so mixed, shal 1 be sold as, for and by the Name of*Mixed Coals, and shall not be sold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, nor shall be sold at any other Place than at the Shop, Shed or Warehouse, where the same shall have been so mixed.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the said recited Act of the Proviso for the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, shall extend, or be construed to extend, Sale of Coals so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of this alrMdy Act, from felling or causing to be sold, any Mixed Coals whatsoever, which shall have been mixed at any time before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: Provided nevertheless, that such Coals shall be sold as, and for, and shall be described in the Vender's Ticket to be sent therewith, as, and for, and by the Name of*Warehouse Coals.'

XLVL. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act, or by virtue of the Penalties not ex-Powers and Authorities thereof imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise ceeding Twenty hereby directed), not exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be sued for within One Calendar Month after the Pounds to be re-Offence or Offences committed; and all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, p° 1 ie and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders, at the time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and if on the Conviction of the Offenders respectively, either on his, her or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the fame shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained 5 and for Want of Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, or City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine*

Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid, and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, when paid, shall go to the Informer, and the other

Moiety shall go to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or shall be applied in such manner for carrying this Act into Execution, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall direct.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so Appeal to the convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Quarter Session*. Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next Generd Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City or Place where such Conviction shall be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein, and such Justices in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm, or quash and annul, the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party, as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable, and the Decilion of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into Certiorari, any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices Summoning of the Peace before whom any such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be sued for, to, summon before him or Witnesses. them any Person or Persons who shall in or by the Complaint or Information made to him or them appear to be a necessary Witness as to the Matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a time and Place to be specified in the Summons, and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service of such Summons in manner aforesaid, such Person so sum- Witness not moned and not appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be aPP«ing. levied and recovered in such manner and by such Ways and Means as is hereinfore directed as to other Penalties; Pentlty* and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Person shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her upon Oath, as to the Matter of such Complaint or Information, and in case such Person shall refuse to be sworn or to answer, or to Witnessre-give Evidence therein, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, by fusing to be Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refusing to be sworn, or sworn'&c* to answer or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County Imprisonment. or Place in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then aft, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon his, her or their Examination upon Perjury.

Oath, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly

7 B 2 give

Penalties above Twenty Pounds how to be recovered.

[Double Costs.]

Didress not unlawful for want of Form.

Form of Conviction.

Plaintiff not to recover after Tender of Amends.

Limitatien of

Actions.

[Double Costs.]

Act not to alter or repeal 47 G.3. Sefl*. S. c. 68.

Commence-; nent of Act.

l>ublic Act.

Tf 0.3. C. 195.

J.J G. 3. c. 3

C. xxi, xxii, j6° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

give false Evidence, touching any matter or thing relating to this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall take or make any false Oath or Affidavit, with respect to any matter or thing relating to this Act, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law in Force and Effect Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Act imposed for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wed* minster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the fame within Three Calendar Months after the Offeoce or Offences shall be committed, and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Double Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraioing, but the Person or Persons s aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained in any Action on the case.

LII. And, for the moreeafy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, videlicet,

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me,

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [HereSpecify the

Offence, and the time and Place when and where committed, as the case may be] contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [ Here insert the Tttle«of this Att."] Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.*

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or his, her or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any £hing done in pursuance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise 5 and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty one Days' Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act. contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter or vary any Part or Parts of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but that the said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded*

Cap. xxii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for constructing an

Harbour at Porthleven} in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall. £nft May 1816.]

Cap.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III. C. xxiii — xxxvi. 1109

Cap. xxiii.

An A.d to enlarge, amend and render more effectual the Provisions of an Act of His present Majesty, 140.3.0.3^. for paving and lighting the City of Hereford, and removing Nuisances therein 5 and for enabling the Corporation of the said City to fell and apply the Produce of certain Messuages and Lands in establishing Market Places, and otherwise improving the said City.

[21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for building and for the Parish of Newry9 in the Counties of Down and Armagh.

[21ft

a Church in 51G. 3. c. 200. May 1816.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for paving, lighting, deanfing and otherwise improving the Town of Wed Coweiy in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton; and for establishing a Market within the said Town.

[21st May 1816.]

Cap.

XXVI.

An Act for paving and improving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other Public Pauages and Places in the Town of Melksham, in the County of Wilts.

[21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act to repeal a certain Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to f/limiting*the amend an Act of His present Majesty> for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, in the Distance for car-County of Kent.

[21st May 1816.] rying Passengers,

_ ... See. acroft the

Cap. XXVII. Kiver to Tyro

An Act for repairing and altering the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, Mile*, repealed, and for making further Provision for the Rector of the said Parish.

[21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Peak For eft to Beard, and from Peak For eft aforesaid, to or near to Woodlands, all in the County of Derby [21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from near Gatton Lodge, in the County of Surrey, to Povey Cross, in the said County. (3) [21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fortieth Year of 40G.3. c. 6$.

His present Majesty, for improving the Roads leading from the Town of Leominster> in the County of continued.

_ Hereford, (a) [li^ May 1816.]

[.Additional Trustees. One Toll to cease9 and Two full Tolls granted.3

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Lyme Turnpike Road in the Parish of Gitti/hamf to Sidmouth, in the County of Devon. (b) [21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the 53 O. 3»c. 5* Roads from Bowes, in the County of York, to join the Great North Road, near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham.

[21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to River-hill in the Parish of Sevenoaks in the said County. (£) [21st May 1816.]

An Pint

Cap. xxxv.

Act for altering and amending several Acts.in' regard to the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon everyint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent. f 31st May 1816.]

Cap.

XXXVI.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for imposing and continuing a Duty of Two Pennies Scotty or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon evety Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which mall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town of Borrowjlownness and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the fame over the Parish of Borrowjlownness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other other Purposes therein mentioned.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap

aa O. 2. c. 4.

13 G- 3. c.$*.

36 G. 3. C. 12& repetled.

3 G. 3. c. 5.

9 G. 1. c. 14.

25 G. % . c. 9.

38 G. 3. C.J4.

x; G.1.C. 21.

7 G. 3. c. 9c. 34G. 3. C. 91. continued for 23 Years, See.

I 110

A.D. 1816.

C. xxxvii — xlviii. 56° GEORGII III.

6 G. 1. c. 7.

7 G. 2. c. 5. 9G. 3. C. 57. continued 21 Years, &c. after Expiration of

35 G- 3* c. 42. 35G. 3. C. 77.

36 O. 3. c. 33. 45 O. 3- c. 7»* so far as not herein repealed t o remain.

53 G.3 c. 77.

54 G. 3. c. 170.

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scott, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof; for supplying the said Town with Fresh Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for amending several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for building a new Parish Church and a Parochial Chapel in the Parish of Saint Pancrcu, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. xli.

An Act to enable the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to carry into effect certain Purposes in regard to the EreAion of a Chapel at the West End of Prince's Street, and for effeAing certain Improvements in the Neighbourhood thereof, and in other Parts of the extended Royalty of the said City.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Fifty third and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for ereAing and maintaining a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of Edinburgh; and to alter and amend Two Acts of the Forty third and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, in regard to the Statute Labour of the Middle DistnAof the said County.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town of Keighly, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[31st May 1816.]

7 Ann. xo Ann.

X3G. 2. c. 14.*G. 3. c. 44. 2 G.3, c. 87.

Cap. xliv.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for improving the Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for better supplying the said Town with Water.

[31st May 1816.]

28G. 3. c. 61. 32 G. 3.C. 75. 46 G. 3.C. 115.

52 G. 3. c. 149.

53 G. 3. c. 72.

x^G. x. c. 14. XO G. 2. c. 5.

7 G. 3. c. 65. 28 G. 3. c. 88.

repealed.

xa G. 3. r. 78. 34 G.3.e. 141.

Cap. xlv.

An Act for altering, amending and explaining Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for widening and improving the Street leading from Tower Hill to the Street called Upper East Smith field, in the County of Middlesex.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for the better repairing the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worcester. (a)

[31st May 1816.]

[.Additional Trustees.']

Cap. xlviL

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Aldermaston to Basingstoke, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Berks and Southampton. (£), [31st May 1816.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. J

Cap. xlviii.

060. 2. c. 83. An Act for amending the Road from Dudley Hill through Beckwithfhaw to KiUinghall, and from Beckwith-3& G. 3. c. xL fhaw to the South west Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, and for making and maintaining a Branch there-

repealed.' from to Bradford, all in the West Riding of the County of York, (b) [31st May 1816.]

[ Additional Trustees.]

Cap.

C.xlix — lx. 11 ii

56° GEORGII III.

Cap. xlix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road 19 0.3.0.119. from Darlastone Bridge to the moll Northern Part of Tali-on-the-Hill in Butt Lane, in the County of 3* G. 3. 0.129* Stafford, and also the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road to Shelton Wharf \ in the said County.

[31st May 1816.]

[.Additional Trustees.]

Cap 1.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for making and 45 G.3. maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark, into the Burgh of Lanark, with a Branch towards Raven/lruther, in the County of Lanark. (b) [31st May 1816.]

[Former Tolls to cease and New Tolls granted.]

Cap. li.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham through Wednesbury, to High Bulleny and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Stafford.

[3ill May 1816.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Biggleswade to Alconbury Hilly and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon. (a) [31st May 1816.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury through Ellesmere in the County of Salopy and Overton in the County of Flinty to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as relates to the Ellesmere District of the said Roads. (£.) [31st May 1816.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ceafey new Tolls granted

13 G. 1.

21 G. 2. c. so. 12 G. 3. c. no.

27 G. 3. C. 73.

11 G. 1. c. 20.

9 G. 2. C. 9.

10 G. 3. c. 83.

30 G. 3. c. 103.

31 G. 3. C. 96. repealed.

25 G. 2. c. 2* 29 G. 2. c. 93.

28 G. 3. c.llt

Cap. liv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employ- a G. 3. c. 58. merit of the Poor of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Wefminfery and another Act of the First Year of King James the Second, for erecting the said Parish.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. lv.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the 22623 Car. 2. Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parish, and c*repealed ai to enable the Parishioners of Saint Saviour's Southwark to raise a Maintenance for Ministers, and for <pc<^s th* Repairs of their Church; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th June 1816.] Sum°p!ridV

Rata.

Cap. lvi.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and otherways 4° G- 3- 00 improving the Town of Belfafy in the County of Antrim, and for better effecting those Purposes. a» to making

[20th June 1816.] £,«'"*

Cap. lviii.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for inclosng Lands in the Townships 530.3. of Crowle, Eastoft and Ealand, in the Parish of Crowle, in the County of Lincoln, and extending into the c.cUxvil Wef Riding of the County of York; and for drdining or warping the said Lands, and Lands in the Parishes of Luddingdony Belton and Adlingfleety and for making Drains in the Parish of Althorpe; all in the said Counties of Lincoln and York.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for building a new Gaol in the City of Brifol, and for other Purposes.

Cap. lx.

[20th June 1816. J 32 G. 3. c. 8v repealed.

869 W.3.

- r' — o k 9

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for rebuild- c*9-ing and repairing the Piers of Bridlington otherwise Burlington^ in the East Riding of th# Pnnnrv of.19*1 and for granting further Powers for those Purposes. (b)

[20th June 1816.] 7 g. 1. c. 16.]

26 G. 2. c. 10. Cap. 29 G.3.«.»*

A.D. 1816.

II 12

49 G. 3. c. 25.

49 G. 3. c. 191.

53 G. 3. c. 184.

53 G. 3. c. 184.

§ai.

repealed.

Power to stop up Part of Narrow Wail.

Jtoad to he flopped up how to be disposed

of

Clxi, lxii, lxiii. 56° GEORGII III.

Cap. lxi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale and the Neighbourhood with Water.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Irwelly from the Township of Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, to Strangeway Sy in the Township of Cheetham, all in the County of Lancaster; and for making proper Avenues thereto.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the PrecinA of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore; and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the County of Surrey; and also for making a new Road in lieu of Part of the Road or Street called Narrow Wall9 in the said County of Surrey; and for making an Archway over Part of such new Road; and for denominating the said Bridge The Waterloo Bridge.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precind of the Savoy, or near thereuntoy in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore; and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the County of Surrey, whereby the Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge were incorporated for the Purpose of building the said Bridge, and completing the Roads and Works therein mentioned: And Whereas the said Company have invested the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling in the Purchases of Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Trustees mentioned in the said recited Act: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Precind of the Savoy, or near thereunto; and making Roads and Avenues to communicate therewithy in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And Whereas the said Company have proceeded in the Execution of the several Works by the said recited Acts authorized, and have completed the Arches of the said Bridge: And Whereas it is expedient for the Purposes of the said Acts, that Part of a certain Road or Street called Narrow Wally near the Abutment of the said Bridge, in the County of Surreyt should be flopped up, and that a more direct Communication should be made from or near a certain Street or Road called the Commercial Road lying on the Eaflem Side of the intended Road from the said Bridge, to the Obelisk in Saint George's Fieldsy in the said County of Surreyf to that Part of the said Street or Road called Narrow Wally whiAi lies on the Western Side of a certain House, Slaughter House and Yard, in the Occupation of Alexander Everard, by a new Road to be made by the said Company for that Purpose, and also that the said Company should have Power to make an Archway over Part of the said new Road 5 and it is also expedient that some of the Provisions of the said Acts, or one of them, should be altered and amended May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as enaAs, that nothing therein or in the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, should extend or be deemed or construed to extend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to flop Up or obstruct the Way or Street called Narrow Wally in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to stop up that Part of the present Road or Way oalled Narrow Wally which lies between the Eastern End of the intended new Road by this Act authorized to be made, and the Western End or Side of the Premises belonging to or occupied by Alexander Everard: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize, empower or enable the said Company of Proprietors to stop up, obstruct or alter any Part of the said Street or Way called Narrow Wally except only such Part as is herein particularly mentioned and specified, and within the Limits prescribed by this Act, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to stop up that Part of the said 6treet or Way called Narrow Wally hereinbefore mentioned, until the Road or Way herein after authorized to be made and constructed in lieu thereof shall be passable for Carriages and Passengera along the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as that Part of the said Road or Way called Narrow Wally hereinbefore described, shall be flopped up by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, in respect thereof, that Part of the fame, which will lie on the West Side of the intended Road from the said Bridge to the Obelisk, shall be and become veiled in His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury and shall be thenceforth Part and Parcel of the Possessions of the See of Canterbury but subject to be occupied by the Lessees of the adjoining Lands until the Expiration of their Leases 5 and that Part of the fame which shall lie on the South Side of so much of the Wharf called Hearne's Wharf \ as lies Eastward of the said Bridge, shall be and become vested in the said Archbishop, and shall be thenceforth Part and Parcel of the Posseluons of the said

6 f See,

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C.lxiii. 1113

Sec, but subject as aforesaid and also with, under and subject to all such and the fame Powers and Provisions 38 the fame would have been subject to under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, in case the fame had been included in the Schedule to the said first recited Act; and that Part of the fame which shall lie on the Site of the said intended Road from the said Bridge to the Obelisk, and on the South Side of the Wharf belonging to the Company, formerly the Property of Jervoise Clerk Jervoi/e, shall thenceforth be and become vested in the said Company, and the Residue thereof shall be conveyed by the said Company to and become vested in His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall, and shall thenceforth be Part and Parcel of the Estate of the Duchy of Cornwall called Prince's Meadows, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority, Power to mike by virtue of this Act, to make and construct (in lieu of that Part of the said Street or Way called Narrow a?cw.R*ad\ Wall by this Act authorized to be (topped up) a Road or Way of the Width of Thirty Feet and no more, an take an' from or from near to a certain Road called the Commercial Road, at or near where the said Road adjoins the said Street or Way called Narrow Wally on the Eastern Side of the intended Road leading from the said Bridge to the Obelisk in Saint George's Fields» to or near that Part of the said Street or Way called Narrow Wally on the Western Side of the said intended Road from the said Bridge to the Obeli(k aforesaid, which adjoins or is near to the Western Part of the said House, Slaughter House and Yard, in the Occupation of Alexander Everard, in manner described and delineated in the Map or Plan herein after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, to take and use the several Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned and specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, and for completing the several Works in the said recited Acts and this Act mentioned, first making Compensation for the fame in manner directed by the said first recited Act or this Act, and subject to the Provisions and Regulations concerning the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments contained in the said first recited Act, except so far as the said Provisions and Regulations are repealed or altered by this Act; and it shall also be lawful for the said Company, and for their Engineer, or Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, from time to time to enter upon the Lands and Premises through which or whereupon such Road or Alterations is or are intended to be made or pass, and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to flake out such Road or Alterations, in such manner as the said Company, or their Engineer or Surveyor, shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty or Punishment for entering or continuing upon such Lands or Prenmes respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act $ and if any Person shall pull up, remove or destroy, any of the States or other Marks used in laying out such Road or Alterations, every Perfoti so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

V. And Whereas a Map or £lan, and Book of Reference, describing and delineating the intended new Road from the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforesaid, and the Premises mentioned and contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Surrey; Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, shall Road so be made remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace, to the end that all Persons interested therein may at according to all seasonable times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and take Copies or Extracts thereof, at*1

their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, Peace, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy t\fro Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Book of Reference; and that the said Company in making the said Road shall not deviate more than Five Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Confertt and Approbation.in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises such Deviation shall be made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Autho- Mistakes in rity to make and construct the said Road hereby authorized to be made, and may purchase and take Possession Schedule*not to for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, of any of the Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, t!?( Tenements and Hereditaments set out or mentioned and described in the said Plan and Book of Reference, P°cso "

or in the Schedule to this Act annexed, notwithstanding the Name or Nkmes of any Person or Persons shall or may have been omitted or miftated, or incorreftly spelt in the said Book of Reference or Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and be certified by Writing under their Hands that such Error, Omifliori or incorrect Description proceeded from Mistake.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall make Compensation to the Owners arid Compensation

Occupiers of the several Buildings required to be taken down for the Purpose of making the said New Road for Building* herein authorized, in lieu of the said Part of Narrow Wall to be (lopped up, for the Value of such Buildings jjor

only; and also for any incidental Damage to be sustained by the taking and using thereof, in manner directed cw

by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, in respect of Houses, Buildings and Premises required to be taken and used for the Purposes of the same Act 5 and upon Payment or Tender of the Amount of such Compensation for such Buildings, and the said Damage, the fame, and every Part thereof, together with so much of the Site thereof as shall be necessary and sufficient for making and con-ftrufting such New Road, shall be and become vested in and be the Property of the said Company.

1 VIII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

after reciting, that in the making and conflru6ling of the Road, leading from the South Foot of the said intended Bridge, a small triangular Slip or Piece of Ground would intervene between the said Bridge Road and f the Estate of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall called Prince's Meadows; and 56 Geo. III. 7 C*that

iii4 C.Ixiib S6° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

that His fsrid Royal Highness had consented to give up and agreed to assign to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, all the Land which should be required out of the said Eft ate for the making and constructing the intended Road leading to Stamford Street, without receiving any Compensation or Payment for the Value of the fame, in consideration that the said Company of Proprietors should purchase the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land which would so intervene between the said first mentioned Road and the said Estate called Prince's Meadows, and assign the fame, without any Compensation or Payment for the Value thereof, unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall; it was further enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors should and might, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to purchase the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land thereinbefore mentioned, being of the Length of Nine hundred and sixty four feet, or thereabouts, on the West Side thereof, and of the Breadth of One hundred and sixty Feet, or thereabouts, at the North End thereof; and to assign the fame and every Part thereof unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successor* Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain for ever Part and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall: And Whereas since the passing of the said recited Act His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales hath entered into a Contract for the granting of One Lease or several Leases of the said Estate called Prince's Meadows, and of the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, for several Terms for Years in the said Contract mentioned, of the Parcels respectively: And Whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in pursuance of such Agreement, and under the several Authorities in the said recited Acts contained, have purchased of the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Jesus College of Queen Eli % abeth*s Foundation, within the City and University of Oxford; and of John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, their several Estates and Interests of and in the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, and other Land adjoining thereto; and they have also, under the like Authorities, purchased of Jervoise Clerhe Jervoise Esquire, a certain Wharf fronting the River Thames, and have given Notice of their Intention to purchase a Messuage or Tenement and Yard, both adjoining to the said Estate called Prince*s Meadows, and extending from the said triangular Slip of Land to the River Thames; and the said Company of Proprietors are at the Time of passing this Act in the actual Possession or Occupation of the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, and of the said other Land adjoining, as also of the said Wharf so respectively purchased of the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars, and of the said John Hanbury Beaufoy, and Thomas James, and Jervoise Clerhe Jervoise Esquire as aforesaid: And Whereas a Part of the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land will be required for the making and construAing the intended New Road mentioned in this Act, from the Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow WaS aforesaid; and it will also be convenient and necessary that the said Company of Proprietors should retain a certain other Part of the said triangular Slip, of the Breadth of One hundred and eleven Feet Six Inches from East to West, extending from the North End thereof to the said intended New Road, from the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforesaid, and that the fame should be vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors; and the said Company of Proprietors have proposed to convey to His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in exchange for the Land so £o be retained by them as aforesaid, certain Parts of the said Wharf so purchased of the said Jervoise Clerhe Jervoise Esquire, and of the said Messuage or Tenement and Yard, which they have given Notice of their Intention to purchase as aforesaid, containing Forty three Feet and Six Inches in Breadth from East to West; and also the Site of that Part of the said Street or Way abutting thereon called the Narrow Wall, to be Hopped up as aforesaid, to be veiled in His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, to be and remain Part and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, as an Equivalent for those Parts of the said triangular Slip of Land, so to be vested in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, to which Proposal of Exchange His said Royal Highness, with the Advice of his Council, hath agreed Be it therefore further enacted, That His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall, or his Successor for the time being, shall and may and he is hereby authorized and empowered, in consideration of the said Exchange, Transfer and Assignment hereinbefore mentioned, to assign and transfer to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors all such Parts of the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land as may be required for making and constructing the said intended New Road from the said Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforesaid, and for any other Purposes of the said Company; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to retain to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, out of and from the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land so agreed to be veiled in His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, so much and such Parts thereof as are hereinbefore mentioned and proposed to be so retained; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and may and they are hereby authorized and required to purchase, convey, assign and transfer to His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, to be and remain thenceforth for ever Part and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and subject to the like Reverter, Estate and Interest in or to the King or Queen for the time being, and his or her Heirs and Successors, so much and such Part of the said Wharf of the Breadth aforesaid; and also the Site of that Part of the said Street or Way called the Narrow Wall, hereinbefore described, abutting thereon as aforesaid; and also so much and such Part of the said Messuage or Tenement and Yard as aforesaid: Provided always, that the said several Parcels of Land so to be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors respectively, shall be freed and discharged of and from all Contracts or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and the said Land so to be conveyed and assigned to His said Royal Highness in lieu thereof shall be liable to and charged with all Contrails or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness, to which the said Lands so to be assigned to or retained by the said Company of Proprietors are now liable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Suc-

c*ors Cornwall, shall and may and he and they is and are hereby empowered to make Leases hnd

to grant ea e*.Grants

Company may exchange certain Lands with the Duchy of Cornwall.

Enabling the

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. Clxiii.

Grants, or to enter into any further Contract or Contrails, for granting One or more Leases of all such Parts of the said triangular Slip as shall not be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors; as also of the said Wharf and Land so to be purchased, conveyed and assigned to His said Royal Highness as aforesaid; and His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, and the King or Queen for the time being shall have the fame and the like Powers and Authorities in respect to the said Ground or Site so vested in him and them by force of this Act, as he now hath, or he or they shall or may have, under and by virtue of all or any of the several Acts of Parliament made and passed, one in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness9 s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; another, made and passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Prince's Meadows, in the Parj/h of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness9 s Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon; and the other, passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of His frefent Majesty, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to grant^Leases of certain Lands and Premises called rnnee's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness9 s Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the said recited Acts contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company to take or use any Lands or Hereditaments belonging to the See of Canterbury, until they shall have made Compensation for the fame in manner directed by the said recited Acts or this Act, save and except only in such manner and for such Purposes as the said Company may lawfully take and use the fame, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any Lease or Leases already granted or hereafter to be granted by the said See.

XI. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that nothing* therein contained should extend

or be construed to extend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to take or use or otherwise to inter-

meddle with any Wharf, Road, Houses, Buildings, Grounds or Premises in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lam

beth, in the said County of Surrey, then in the Occupation of Samuel Phelps, Richard Traward, and Abraham

Bracebridge, trading under the Firm of Phelps and Company, without the Consent in Writing of the said Samuel

Phelfs, Richard Traward and Abraham Bracebridge, first nad and obtained for that Purpose: And Whereas the said Company of Proprietors have obtained the Consent in Writing of Sir William Paxton, Knight, Sir

Charles Cockerell, Baronet, and Charles Greenwood, Esquire, (in whom the fame Premises have become

veiled for all the Estate and Interest, late of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abraham Brace-

bridge therein, ) authorizing them the said Company of Proprietors to take and use for the Purposes of the < said recited Acts and this Act, so much and such Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises as

are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called Hearne9s«Wharf; 9 Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to take and use so much of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, as are mentioned in the said Schedule to this Act, and that the said Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called Hearne's Wharf shall be subject to such and the fame Powers and Provisions as the fame would have been subject to, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, in case no such Consent as aforesaid had been made requisite by the said first recited Act: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors shall not be subject or liable to take or use any greater Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, than as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be used or taken for the Purposes or under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, or for any Injury or Damage that shall be done or occasioned in carry'* ing the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, into Execution, shall be made in the manner directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to any Lands taken or used, or any Injury or Damage done in the Execution of the same Act, except only that the Satisfaction to be made for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall hereafter be taken or used for the Purposes or under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, shall always be made by the Pay-menft of a Sum of Money in gross, and not otherwise; and that so much of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as directs such Compensation to be made by an Annual Rent or Annual Payment, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Company of Proprietors, that it will be more convenient and advisable to vary, alter or improve any Part of the Roads by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be made, or the Acceffes or Approaches to the said Bridge, or either of them, or any Roads or Streets communicating therewith respectively, in such manner that any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, may be wanted, which are not contained in the Schedules to the said recited Acts or this Act annexed, or any or either of them, or in any or either of the Maps or Plans in the said recited Acts or this Act mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors* and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to carry into EfFeft such Variations or Alterations, upon their obtaining the Consent of the several Owners and Occupiers, and other Persons or Parties interested in the said lad mentioned Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, and all and every Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any

7 C 2 Life

u 15

of the Lands, 8tc. taken in exchange.

Lands belonging to See of Canterbury not to be used until Compensation be made, &c.

Premises late of MeflVs, Phelps and Company may be takes*

Satisfaction. to be made in grots Sums.

Incapacitated Persons empowered to convey Lands to the Company by Consent.

in'*

Conveyance of Copyholds.

Provish for Enfranchisement.

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for Passage of Persons for Three Year*, and issue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

[Penalty.]

Notic?of Payment of Toll to be given on a Board.

Defacing Notice. Penalty.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

Collectors offending.

Chtiii. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Life or Lives, whether Foflcffion, Reversion, Remainder, Expectaacy or otherwise, and all Hu (hands* Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Ad-nnnistrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves* their Heirs and Successors, - but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Person or Persons, and all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein; and all other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to give such Consent, and thereupon to sell and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, to the said Company, in like manner as if such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments had been contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed.

XIV. And Whereas several Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments which are or wist be required for the

Purposes of the said recited AHs and this Act are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, and Doubts have arifee ' as to the manner in which such Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments should be conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors Be it therefore further enacted, That any such Lands or Hereditaments which are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure mny be furreodered into the Hands of the Lord or Lords* Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which the same are respectively holden, to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; and the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall, if they shall think fit, be thereupon admitted to hold the fame unto the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies fur the time being of such Manor or Manors, shall be desirous that such Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, shall be enfranchised, Satisfaction shall be made in respect thereof $ and such Lands and Hereditaments shall be conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in Fee Simple, in the fame or the like manner as any other Lands or Hereditaments to be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Acts.

XV. And Whereas in order to make a gradual Ascent to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof- without destroyingor incommoding the free Passage of Persons, Horses and Carriages along the said intended

Road hereby authorized to be made from the said Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall afore-

laid, it will be necessary that an Arch should be constructed or ereHed over the said intended Road, and under the afeeuding Avenue or Road to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make or cause to be made au Arch or Archway over or upon the said intended Road, of a Width not being le& than Twenty fix Feet at the Bottom or widest Space thereof, and of a Height being not less than Twenty four Feet above the Level of certaio Lands called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Person or Persons for his, her or their free Passage over the said Bridge, and along the said Roads, for any time or times not exceeding Three Years* at any one tifne for such Sum as to the said Copimittee shall seem meet, and thereupon to issue One or more Ticket or Tickets to such Person or Persons, to enable him, her or them to pass Toll free over the said Bridge, and along the said Roads, for the time for which such Contrail shall have been made; and if any such Person or Persons shall lend or transfer such Ticket for the Use of any other Person or Persons, and whereby such other Person or Persons shall under colour of such Ticket pass over the said Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll Bar upon any of the said Roads Toll free, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Use of the said Company.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to cause Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be constantly affixed on the Front of all the Turnpikes or Toll Houses to be ereHed on or near the said Bridge, in large legible CharaHers, that the Payment of Toll at any one Turnpike or Gate shall free and exempt the Person or Persons paying the fame from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, for or in respect of passing once over the said Bridge; and if any Person or Persons shall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice on such Board, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector appointed either by the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Lessee or Lessees under them, to colleH the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be ereHed by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible CharaHers, in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately after his coming on Duty, and shall continue the fame so placed during the whole time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said rolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the fame there during the time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or shall in anywjfe hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the fame on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Person or Persons travelling over the said Bridge, or shall without sufficient Cause detain or delay any Person

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C.lxiii* 1, 117

or Persont travelling thereon, then and in every such case every such Qolle&or shall forfeit and pay any Sunt Penaky. not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of Toll due, or the Disputes con-Charges of keeping or felling any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector pr Person distraining to retain cerning Toll to the fame, or the Money arising by the Sale thereof, (as the case may happen, ) until the Amount of such Toll, settled>y*and the Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and felling the fame, shall be ascertained by some , u , cc*

Justice of the Peace of the County, Town or Place wherein such Dispute shall happen, who, upon Application to him made for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter upon the Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, ) and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and it shall be lawful for such Justice to assess and award such Costs to be paid by either of the Parties to the other as he shall think fit and reasonable 5 and in case of Nob Payment thereof on demand, such Costs shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the same by Distress. Warrant under the Hand of such Justice.

XX. And Whereas the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, with the Accumulations thereof, is sufficient to complete the said Bridge, and it is by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty enacted, that the fame or a competent Part thereof shall be applied in finishing the said Bridge, and that no

Part thereof shall be laid out or expended in the making of Roads, or in any other of the Works authorized to be executed by the said Company, until and unless the said Bridge and every Part thereof should be fully

completed and finished: And Whereas it will tend to facilitate the Completion of the said Bridge if tKe said

Trustees were empowered to transfer the said Sum, and the Accumulations thereof, for the Purpose aforesaid; Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby fully autho- Transfering the rized and empowered to transfer the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and the Accumulations thereof, Sum of 50, 0001. from time to time as the same shall be required for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of finishing and' completing the said Bridge; any thing in the said first recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Saving Right* of authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to stop up, alter, vary or intermeddle with any Cum midioners Sewer or Drain without the Leave and Content of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending certain Limits in from East Moulsey in the said County of Surrey, to Ravensborne in the County of Kent> for that Purpose first Kent, had and obtained.

XXII. And Whereas the said Bridge when completed will be a Work of great Stability and Magoift-

cence; and such Works are adapted to transmit to Posterity the Remembrance of great and glorious«Achievements: And Whereas the said Company are desirous that a Designation shall be given to the said

Bridge which shall be a lasting Record of the brilliant and decisive Victory achieved by His Majesty*

Forces, in conjunction with those of his Allies, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; Be it therefore further enacted That from and after the passing of this Act the said Bridge The Bridge to

shall be called and denominated The Waterloo Bridge, and shall cease to be called by the Name of The Strand hecaN«d 'The Bridge; and the said Company shall also, from and after the passing of this Act, be called by the Name and Briti*e the Style of The Company of Proprietors of The Waterloo Bridge, and by that Name shall have perpetual company to be Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and also shall and may have tiyled*The full Power and Authority to purchase Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to them, their Successors and Company of Assigns, for the Use of the said Bridge, Roads or other Works by the said recited Acts and this Act autho- ^Waterloo* rized to be made, and for the several other Purposes in the said recited Acts and this Act mentioned, without W

incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain; and also to fell any of the Lands, b Tenements or Hereditaments purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes as if they had

been originally named and styled in the said first recited Act, The Company of Proprietors of The Waterloo Bridge, and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease to be called The Company of Proprietors And shallceafe 4 #f the Strand Bridge, and shall cease to sue and be sued by the Name of The Company of Proprietors fuej^xhe

4 of the Strand Bridge : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to annul or affect, or be Company of Pro-construed to annul or affft, any Act or Acts heretofore done by the said Company, or any Suit or Suitte printers of the brought by or against the said Company, or any Purchase or Sale of Lands by the said Company by such Miand Bridge. Alteration of their Name and Style; but that all Proceedings whatever commenced or pending in their original Name and Style may be continued in such Name and Style, notwithstanding the Provision hereinbefore contained for the Alteration thereof, or in the Name and Style hereafter to be used by the said Company, by virtue of this Act, as to the Committee of the said Company shall seem meet.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That Sir Joseph Sydney Torke Knight> James Brogden Esquire, Sir Appointing ad-Benjamin Bloomfield Knight, and the Reverend John Rushy shall be, and they are hereby constituted Com- diri >tul Commissioners (or executing the several Powers in and by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His pre- mi!^oners* sent Majesty specially provided and directed to be executed, in addition to the Commissioners nominated and

appointe d by the same Act; and the said Commissioners hereby nominated shall be audthey are hereby invested with all the Functions, Powers and Authorities by the said recited Act given to the said Commissioners therein mentioned, and shall be subject to all the Restrictions, Clauses, Provisoes and Enactments in the famt Act contained in relation to the said Commissioners.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Fifty third Years of 49 G. 3. c. 191. His present Majesty, and all and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Pri- 53 G. 3. c. 184. vileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things whatsoever therein contained, (o far as the fame were in and A&t0 force at the time of passing this Act, and also so far as the same are not expressly altered or repealed by this ^ec°^uc*

For defraying Expences of Act.

Public Act

C.lxiii, lxiv. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Act, shall extend and be construed to extend and operate, and be in full Force and Effect, with respect to all matters and things to be done, or which may arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame and every of them were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof; and the fame recited Acts and this Act shall, as to all matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed as One Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid by the said Company out of the first Monies arising or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the said Company.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

1 DESCRIPTION

u 1 f §1 of OWNERS. OCCUPIERS.

PROPERTY.

I. Shed - Strand Bridge Company Strand Bridge Company.

2. Yard, &c. - Ditto - Ditto.

3* Sewer -

Archbishop of Canter- 1

4* Lately a Shed, now pulled bury; Sir William Paxton, 1 Sir William Paxton, Sir

down, lately MeiTrs. Phelps < Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Cockerell, and Charles

and Co. - Charles Green wood Esquire, Greenwood, Esquire.

* w Leaseholders - 1

c4 (4 5- Yard extending northward! to Narrow Wall - - J Ditto ... Ditto.

& 6. Shed - Ditto - Ditto - Thomas Vince.

Lm 7- Small Dwelling House - - Ditto ... James Bone.

O 4J c 98. Public House and Yard, White Swan Archbishop of Canter-" - bury; Whitbread and Co. 1 .Leaseholders George Pitman.

O u 3 9* Public House and Yard, Salutation - -'Archbishop of Canter- - bury; Barclay and Perkins, J i, Leaseholders > Widow Brown.

s Archbishop of Canter-'

bury 5 Executrix of the

rH H W 10. Small Dwelling House - - Rev. Joshua Winter, deceased, Jordan Kempfler, > Strand Bridge Company.

PQ and Maria Wright, Lease-

holders

11. Ditto - - - Ditto - Ditto.

12. Ditto - - - Ditto - Edward Frith.

S* rA !3- - Ditto - - - Ditto - Mary Coates.

14. Narrow Wall -

'n s ij- Lime Tree Court -

Ph 16. Small Dwelling House - Ditto - Empty.

£ HH i7- House, Shop, Slaughter! House, and Yard - - 3 Ditto - - - Alexander Everard.

co 28. Dwelling House and Gar- Hpn _.f Archbishop of Canter-! i bury; Strand Bridge Com- j 1 Strand Bridge Company.

Uvu tpany, Leaseholders - -J 1

f Archbishop of Canter-"] 1

29. and Yard and Ground, late Phelps and Co. j bury; Sir William Paxton, |^Sir Charles Cockerell, and j I Charles Greenwood Esquire, 1 \ Unoccupied.

29. 1 ^Leaseholders - -J 1

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of Waterford, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th June 1816.]

Capm

v^»

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C.lxv — lxxiii. 1119

Cap. lxv.

An Act for establishing a New Church, called the Church of Saint Mari, situate in the Town and Parish of Liverpool^ in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Qioth June 1x6.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for the better Relief and more effectually employing the Poor of the Township of Shardlow and G. 3. c. S3.

Wilne, in the County of Derby, and the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned in the said County, and in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts for repairing several Roads in the Counties of3 G. 1. c. 15.

Worcester and Warwick, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Broomfgrove to the Town of q*

Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley. (a) 34 o* 3! c. 136.

[20th June 1816.] continued.

[ Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Half Toll over on Sunday. Additional Trustees.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, for amending the Road from the End of the 7 & 8 W.3. Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of c*

Norfolk, (a) [aodi/« 1816.]*.

o 0.3. c. 16. 7 G. 3. c. 76. 32 G. 3. c. XII. continued.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present 29 G.a. c. 8s. Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to 16 G. 3. c. 83. Sheffield) in the County of York) and from Duffield to Wirksworth, in the County of Derby. (a) 35 G.3. & 154.

[20th June 1816.] coatmuei [Former Tolls between Duffield and Sheffield repealed, and new Tolls granted. New Trustees.3

Cap. lxx.

An Act for making and maintaining Highways, Roads, Bridges and Quays, and for regulating Ferries in the 15 G. 3. c. 63. Shire of Argyll; and for altering and repairing certain Military and other Roads, Bridges and Quays in 39 & 4oG.3* the said Shire, and in the Parish of Arrochar, and Shire of Dumbarton, (a).

[20th June 1816.] c*

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for altering and improving Part of the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Dublin, to the New Packet Harbour of Howth, for the Conveyance of His Majesty's Mails; and for amending the several Laws relating to the said Road.

[20th June 1816.]

[New and additional Tolls.3

33G. 3. C. 26. 38 G. 3. c. 41. 45 G. 3.C. 43-

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for continuing and amending Four Acts passed in the Reigns of their late Majesties King George the First and King George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Luton to, Westwood Gate, in the County of Bedford, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford.

[20th June 1816.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

26 G. 3. C. 30U

28 G. 3. c. 48.

29 G. 3. c. 24.

31 G. 3. c. 50.

32 G. 3. c. 37. 46 G. 3. c. 134.

13 G. i. c. 17.

16 G. 2. c. 23.

17 G. 2. c. 42. 13 G. 3. c. 7, 2. 35 G. 3. c. 163. continued.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for establishing and regulating a Fund for the Widows, Children and Relatives of Officers or Persons belonging to the Department of Customs in England.

[22d June 1816»3

WHEREAS the Establishment and Regulation of a Fund for the conditional Benefit and Relief of the Widows and Children or other Relatives of the established Officers, Clerks or other Persons employed in the Department of the Customs in England would be highly beneficial; but the fame cannot be effectually made without the Aid of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the established Officers, Clerks and Certain Officers other Persons permanently employed in the Department of the Customs in the Port of London, who shall of Customs to have signed a Notice in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked A., signifying that they accede*ConiJ-to the Contribution of Poundage authorized by this Act, in aid of the general Purposes of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund, and shall have delivered such Notice to the Person to be appointed by the Regulation of Commimoners of the Customs to receive the same, shall meet on some Day and at some Time and Place to be the Fund, appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of the Customs, and which the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint within Fourteen Days after the passing

mb £lxxiii. 56° GEORGII III. A, P*1816.

passing of this Act, and to cause Seven Day*' Notice to be given of such Day, Time and Place, in such manner as they shall deem expedient and sufficient; and the senior Officer in the Department present at such Meeting shall be the President and Chairman of such Meeting, and have the calling Voice in case of Equality of Votes at such Meeting; and the Officers and Persons present at such Meeting shad elect and nominate Twelve Persons superintending in the said Department, or being Principals of Offices, and not being Clerks* rie&Tchalr- a8 a Committee for the Formation of the Custom9 Annuity and Benevolent Fundwhich said Committee shall maIl< " elect and nominate a President or Chairman, and shall forthwith proceed to consider and make and arrange such Rules and Regulations for the Establishment and Formation of a Fund for the Benefit of the Widows and Children ot other Relatives of the Established Officers, Clerks or other Persons belonging to or employed in the Department of the Customs in England, and the regulating the Conduct and Management of the said Fund, and raising, collecting and receiving the Subscriptions and Contribution of Poundage necessary for forming such Fund, and paying all Annuities and Claims thereout, and making Tables of Rates of Subscription to and Payments out of such Fund for that Purpose, and also the Number and Description of Directors, Trustees, Auditors, Secretary or other Officers necessary for managing and conducing the said Fund, and the Collection and safe Custody of the Monies from time to time to be raised and subscribed, and the Interest and growing Produce arising therefrom, and paying all Sums to be paid thereout according to such Committee in Rules, Regulations and Tables; and it shall be lawful for the said Committee in such Rules and Regulations the Power of the to ^Pec^Y the respective Powers, Authorities and Duties of such Directors, Trustees, Auditors, Secretary or Directo/s, other Officers respectively, and the Mode of appointing new Director, Trustee, Auditor, Secretary or other Officer, to supply any Vacancies or otherwise; and all Questions which may arrfe at any such Meeting of the said Committee shall be decided by the Majority of Persons present at the Meeting; and in case of Equality of Votes, the President or Chairman, or in case of his Absence the Officer or Person appointed by him to be his Deputy at such Meeting of the Committee, shall have the calling and second Vote.

After the Rules,

II. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscrip-&c. are approved tion and Payment, together with a Statement of the Number and Description of Officers necessary to manage ers^anTra^ried Fuad shall have been made by the said Committee, and approved by the Commissioners of the Custontfs,

by a^utfge, 1 they* a, iy Four or more of them, and thereafter ratified and confirmed by some Judge of either of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, such Rules, Regulations and Tables shall be taken, and deemed to be, and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription and Payment of the said " Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund, " and for the Management and Regulation thereof, and shall be of the fame Force and Effect as if they had been particularly enumerated and enacted in this Act.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund should be published as speedilyas possible to the Officers, Clerk* and other Persons employed in the Department of the Customs in London and in the Out Ports, and Creeks

and Places attached thereto Be it therefore enacted, That within Fourteen Days at the farthest after the said Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription shall have been ratified and confirmed as aforesaid, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Four or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to cause the same to be made public, for the Information of all established Officers and Persons belonging to or in the Employment of the Department of Customs under their Controul and Superintendance, in 'loch manner as they shall see fit, and for that Purpose to communicate or cause to be communicated the same to the Collector and Comptroller of each and every of the Out Ports, with such Directions as they shall think fit, for the making the same public as aforesaid; and the said Collectors and Comptrollers are hereby authorized and required, within such Periods as shall be specified for that Purpose, to communicate and make public the same to all Officers, Clerks and other Persons, at their respective Ports, and the Creeks add Places attached thereto.

shall have the fame Force as this Act.

Rules, ftc. to be made public and transmitted to Collector and Comptroller of each Out Port.

Two pence in the Pound for Eight Quarters, and id. in the Pound for every succeeding Quarter, to be deducted out of the Salaries.

Poundage not to extend to D.iy Pay, Compensation or superannuation Allowance.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a Contribution of Poundage in aid of the general Purposes of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund shall be raised, levied and collected, in the Port of London, and remitted from the Out Ports in such manner, and by such Persons as the Rules and Regulations, approved and ratified as aforesaid, shall authorize and direct, either by Deduction or otherwise, out of the Quarterly established and incidental Salaries due and payable to all the Officers, Clerks or other Persons of every Rank, Situation or Denomination whatsoever, who shall not signify that they decline to make such Contribution, in manner directed by this Act; and such Contribution shall be assessed for the first: Eight Quarters, to be reckoned from the Commencement of such Contribution, or thenceforth from the First Assessment of every Officer, Clerk or other Person as aforesaid, appointed after the passing of this Act, to the said Department of Customs, in respect ot whom the said Contribution of Poundage is hereby declared to be, and thereafter to continue to be compulsory, at the Rate of Two pence in every Pound Sterling, and in every fractional Part of a Pound Sterling, and for every succeeding Quarter, the Sum of One Penny in every Pound Sterling, and in every fractional Part of a Pound Sterling: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the taking any such Contribution of Poundage out of the Day Pay Allowance of any Person or Persons whatever, employed in the Department of the Customs, or to the Salary or Sum awarded by way of Compensation or Superannuation to any Officers, Clerks or other Persons, who belong or may have belonged to the said Department; and the First Contribution shall be raised, levied, collected and deducted out of the Salaries payable at the Quarter next ensuing and immediately after the Ratification and Confirmation of such Rules, Regulations and Tables, as aforesaid; and all such Money, which shall be so collected, shall be paid over to such Person or Persons, or to fdch Account as shall be specified in such Rules and Regulations, in relation to Contribution of Poundage to such Fund; and there-

16 after

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. Clzxiii.

after all such Contribution to such Fund shall be tailed, cdleded, paid over, laid out, accounted for, and applied according to such Rules and Regulations.

' V. And Whereas certain Officers, Clerks or other Persons who may have belonged to the said Depart-

ment, before the passing of this Act, may object to the said Quarterly Contribution of Poundage* Be it therefore enacted, That every Officer, Clerk or other Person who may object and decline to make such Quarterly Contribution of Poundage shall and is hereby required to give Notice thereof in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked B., which Notice shall be signed by him; and if the said Officer, Clerk or other Person shall be employed in the Port of London, he shall addrefa the said Notice to the Secretary or other Officer of the said Fund appointed to receive the same, within One Calendar Month at the farthest after the Rules* Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription shall have been approved and ratified as aforesaid; and if the said Officer, Clerk or other Person shall be employed at an Out Port, or Creek, or Place attached thereto, he shall address the said Notice to the Collector or Comptroller at the Out Port to which he shall or may be attached, within Two Calendar Months at the farthest after the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription shall have been approved and ratified as aforesaid, which Notice the Collector and Comptroller, so receiving the same as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit to such Secretary, or other Person as aforesaid; and in Default of such Notice being so duly given by such Officer, Clerk or other Person either in London or the Out Ports, he shall be deemed, and adjudged to be, and thereafter to continue liable to such Quarterly Contribution of Poundage to the said Fund as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Clerk or other Person so giving Notice, and declining the said Quarterly Contribution of Poundage to the said Fund, shall be and is hereby declared to be wholly incapable of becoming a Subscriber to the said Fund at any future Period, save and except according to the Terms and Conditions contained in the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription approved and ratified as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences arising out of or incident to the passing of this Act, shall be paid from time to time out of the first Monies which shall be raised, levied and collected for such Contribution of Poundage as aforesaid, together with all such Sums as may have been advanced, or may be due and owing for any such Costs and Expences, in case any fuqh Money shall have been advanced, or may be due and owing.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall and may, if they shall deem it expedient, admit any Person to be a Subscriber, and to participate in the Benefits of the said Fund, who may hold the Situation of a Supernumerary Officer or Clerk in the said Department; and the respective Nominees of every Supernumerary Officer, Clerk or other Person so admitted as aforesaid, shall, and are hereby declared to have, and thereafter to continue to have, to all Intents and Purposes, the fame and the like Interest in the said Fund, and in the Advantages thereof, as if the said Supernumerary Officer, Clerk or other Person had been permanently established in the said Department, under and subject in every respect to the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription approved and ratified as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall and may, if they shall deem it expedient, admit any Person or Persons to be the Nominee or Nominees of any Subscriber to the said Fund who may not be a Relative or Relatives of the said Subscriber; and the said Nominee or Nominees so admitted as aforesaid shall, and are hereby declared to have* and thereafter to continue to have, to all Intents and Purposes, the fame and the like Interest in the said Fund, and in the Advantages thereof, as if the said Nominee or Nominees had been a Relative or Relatives of the said Subscriber, under and subject in every respect to the Rules and Regulations approved and ratified as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That an Order for Payment of Money addressed to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs, or to the Collector and Comptroller of any Out Port for the time being, by any Officer, Clerk or other Person employed in the said Department, and under his Hand and Signature, shall be a sufficient Order, Warrant and Authority to the said Receiver General, and Collector and Comptroller, and who are hereby thereupon required to pay, from time to time, the Sum declared and specified in Words at length in such Order, as the Quarterly Amount of Subscription, or the Amount of other Monies dufe and owing by the said Officer, Clerk or other Person, to and on the Behalf of the said Fund; and the said Sum, so declared and specified in such Order, shall be deducted from the Salary due and payable to the said Officer, Clerk or other Person at the Quarter or Quarters as set forth in the said Order, and shall be paid over to such Person or Persons, or to such Account as shall be specified in such Rules and Regulations, approved and ratified as aforesaid; provided that the said Order or Orders shall be delivered to the said Receiver General, Collector and Comptroller, Three Days at the least prior to the Day on which the said Quarterly Salary shall be due and payable.

XL And, in order to ensure to the Widows of the Subscribers, or any other Claimants on the said Fund,

the full Benefit intended by this Act, as alimentary Provision for the Widows or other Claimants entitled

thereto; Be it further enacted, That no Annuity or Sum of Money payable to any Widow or other Claimant under any of the Provisions of this Act shall be assignable, except with the Permission and Approbation of the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, or liable to be affected by Arrestment, or otherwise attachable by any Creditor, or be subject to the jut mar'tti of any Husband with whom any such Widow or other Claimant may intermarry, or be subject in any manner to any Debts, or Deeds, or Controul of any such Husband, but the same shall be paid to each Widow or other Claimant entitled thereto, upon her own Receipt only, notwithstanding such Arrestment, Attachment or Marriage.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors may sue and be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue of in pursuance of this Act, or of the said Rules, Regulations and Tables of R^ate* of 56 Geo. III. 7 D Subscrip-

I I 2 I

Officers, Sec. giving Notice, may decline the Contribution of Poundage.

Officers, &c. declining Contribution incapable of becoming Subscribers, except according to Rules, &c,

Expences paid cot of Poundage.

Directors may admit Supernumerary Officers or Clerk*.

Directors may admit Nominees of SubfcrH>ers, though not Relatives.

Order on Receiver General and Collector, and Comptroller, sufficient Authority to them for Payment.

Annuities not to be assignable, or attachable, or liable to the jus mariti of any Husband a Widow or other Claimant may marry.

Directors to be sued in the Ntme of their Secretary.

If a Subscriber leaves the Customs, and continues to pay his last Rate of Poundage, and his rated Subscription, to continue a Member.

Profits and Dividends to be applied to Benefit of Fund only.

Directors, ate. to make a Report on 1st September in every Year.

[Proviso.]

Directors to have full Management of the Fund, and tv alter and make new Rules, &c. upon certain Conditions.

[Public Act.]

Act to be a

J4 C. 3. c. ehiiLII.

41 G. 3. c. 79. 39 & 40 G. 3. c. lain.

CIxmu — lxxv. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Subscription, approved and ratified as aforesaid, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Command of or against the said Directors, in the Name of their Secretary, shall abate or be difeon tin lied by the Death or Removal of any such Secretary, nor by the Act of such Secretary, without the Content of the said Directors, or any Three or more of therm, but that the Secretary for the time being to the said Directors shall be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, at the act may be, in every such Action.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber to the said Fund, under the Rules, Regulations and Tablet of Rates of Subscription, approved and ratified as aforesaid, shall cease to belong to the said Department of Customi, from whatever Caule arising, provided the said Subscriber shall continue to pay Quarterly the said Contribution of Poundage to the Amount due and payable at the time of his ceasing to belong to the said Department of Customs, under the said Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, the said Subscriber so leaving the said Department shall, without any Hinderance whatever, retain his Interrft in the said Fuad, and continue to be a Subscriber to the said Fund, and be deemed to belong to the fame, and his Widow, Children and other immediate Relatives, as the case may be, shall enjoy all such and the like Benefit therefrom, according to their respective Claims, under the said Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, as fully in any respect as if he had continued to belong to the Department of Customs.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Profits, Dividends, Interests and annual Proceeds which Audi from time to time arise from the Funds and Securities belonging, or which shall at any time belong to the said Fund, shall from time to time be applied to and for the Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned, or according to the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription approved and ratified as aforesaid, and to or for no other Use, Interest or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That a Report of the Accounts of the said Fund shall on or before the First Day of September in every Year be deposited in some convenient Place at the Custom House in the Port of London, which the Commimoners of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint to b« the Office of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Futid, for the Perusal of each and every Subscriber who may demand the fame at any convenient or appointed Hour, for the Space of One Calendar Month from the said First Day of September.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall, and they are hereby declared to have the full, Mire and exclusive Controul and Management of and over the said Fund, and every thing relating thereto, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under and subject to such Provisions, Directions, Regulations and Re-ftridions, as may have been made in that behalf; and it shall be lawful for such Directors, if they shall at any time after any such Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription shall have been made think it necessary, from time to time to alter any such Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, and to make any* new and additional Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription which may appear to be essential or expedient for the better Regulation, Management and Controul of the said Fund: Provided always, that no such Alterations of any Rule, Regulation or Table of Rates of Subscription already established, or now Rule, Regulation or Table of Rates of Subscription shall be valid or effectual or enforced, until the same shall have been approved by such Subscribers to the said Fund as may be qualified for that Purpose, and in the manner set forth in the Rules and Regulations in force at the time, and by the Commissioner* of the Customs, Or any Four or more of them, and ratified and confirmed by such Judge or Baron as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially token Notice of at such by all Judges, Justicet and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE A.

I A.B. do hereby certify to you, That I accede to the Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by

an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the " Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund." A\ B>

Dated 18

SCHEDULE B.

I A.B. do hereby certify to you. That I decline acceding to the Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the " Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund." A, B.

Dated 18

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for amending an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty For regulating the Police of thfc City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto. (J)

[22d Tune 1816.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for more eflfeAually repairing and maintaining the Road from Borrowftotumcfi by the West of Linlithgow, and by Torphiclen, Bathgate and Whit churn, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or._ near Hollhouseimm; and for making and maintaining a certain Road from Borrawfiounn^fs to the River Avdn. (6) [24th June 1816.]

Cap.

A.D. 1816.

C. Ixxvi — lxxviii.

1123

56° GEORGII III.

Cap. Ixxvi.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts, in the City and County of the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned* in the Counties of GIou-cester and Somerset.

[25th June 1816.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for g. 3. c. 13. improving the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent, and for the better Assessment and Collection of the Poor Rates and other Rates within the Parish of Gravesend*

[26th June 1816.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coah within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.

[26th June 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 47 G. a.SelT. a.

an Act for repealing the several Ad* far regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coal* within the Citie* of laviii. London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof and in certain Parts of the Countie* of Middlesex, Surrey,

Kent and Essex, and for making better Provision for the fame, certain Land Coal Meters were continued or 4 82.

appointed for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals within the City and Liberty of Wefminster, and for that*Part of the*Duchy of Cornwall adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Gile* in the Fields,

Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as is in the County of Middlesex;

and also for the City of London, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middles sex; and also for the several Parishes of Egham, Thorpe, Chertsey, Weybridge, Walton on Thames, Wed*Moulsey, Thame* Ditton, Kingson, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnet, Croydon, Mitcham, Putney, Wandsworth,

Battersea, Lambeth, Chrifchurch, Newington, Saint George in the Borough of Southwark, Saint Saviour*s,

Saint Olave, Saint Thomas, Saint John, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and Saint Mary, Rotherhithe,

in the County of Surrey, and certain Regulations were thereby made respecting the Vend and Delivery of Coals fold within the same Places respectively: And whereas the Regulations contained in the said Act*have proved very beneficial to the Consumers of Coals within the Places aforesaid, by preventing the Com-€ million of Frauds in the Vend and Delivery thereof; and it is apprehended that it would be of great Benefit*to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent, if Provisions were made to prevent Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals fold within the same: '

May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Offices appalling of this Act, there shall be provided and continued at Saint Mary Woolwich, in the County of Kent, pointed.

One Public Office, which shall be deemed and taken to be the Principal Land Coal Meter's Office for the several Parishes of Saint PauP* and Saint Nicholas Deptford, Saint Alphege Greenwich, Saint Luke9* Charlton next Woolwich, Saint Mary Woolwich, Plumstead, Erith, Dartford, Stone, Swainfcombe, North Fleet, Gravesend, and Milton next Gravesend, in the Town of Gravesend, and the Parish of Denton, lying contiguous to of adjoining the Water Side in the said County of Kent, and there shall also be provided and continuedone fubor-dinate Office at Gravesend in the said County of Kent, under the Appointment of the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being, which said principal and subordxnate Office shall respectively be kept open every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Christmas Day and Fall or Thanfgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September yearly, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening; and from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Even- Principal Meter ing; and if any Principal Meter for the time being shall refuse or neglect to open or keep open any principal "ot keeping Of-or subordinate Office as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding "ceoPeD* Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

II. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Mankin, of the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the Principal Meter County of Surrey, Gentleman, shall be and is hereby nominated and appointed the Principal Land Coal MeterPFoint«<1* for executing the Provisions of this Act, and the Manager of the several Offices to be provided as aforesaid save and except he shall die or be removed from such Office) until the First Day of July which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death, Neglect, Misconduct or Incapacity of the said After Death of Thomas Mankin before the Expiration of the said term or time for which he has been nominated and appointed Present as aforesaid, then upon and from and after such Death, Neglect, Misconduct or Incapacity of the said Thomas dSt

Mankin, and also from time to time, and at all times thereafter, when and as often as any Principal LandCoal ferent 'parifliw Meter for the said several Parishes hereinbefore enumerated shall die, neglect or misconduct himself, or he inca- shall have Elec-pable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or the time limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, tion and Ap-then upon the happening of any such Vacancy, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens as pomtaent of herein after mentioned, or the major Part of them, in manner herein after directed, to elect, nominate and appoint any other Person to be and aft as Principal Land Coal Meter in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, neglect or misconduct himself, or become incapable of acting in the Execu-

7 D 2 tion

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Manner of

Election.

Principal Coal Meter punish-aUe by Justices in Sessions for Neglect.

[Penalty.]

Labouring Meters subject to Controul of Justices.

Principal Meters may be re-elc&ed when their time expires.

Principal Land Coal Meter to take an Oath for the due Performance of his Duty.

Pnncipal Meter to appoint Labouring Meters.

Labouring Coal Meters also to take an Oath.

I'orm of Oath.

ti«n of hit Office/ or whole time limited lor the Execution of hia Office Hull expire, and so tot us quoties* as often ai any such case shall happen; and wery such Pdrlbn so to be nominated and appointed Principal Land Coal Meter for such Limits in the said County of Kent, in the Room or Stead of any such other Principal Meter, shall be elected, nominated and appointed by such Persons, and in manner and Form following; that is to say, the Churchwardens of the several and respective Parishes within the Limits of this Act, shall, by Notice in Writing, specifying the Occasion, and signed by Two or more of the Churchwardens of the said Parishes, and left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of each such Churchwarden, as soon as the fame can be done after any such Vacancy shall happen, be summoned to meet and assemble at the said Principal Land Coal Meter's Office, or at the said subordinate Office appointed by the said Principal Land Coal Meter, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon on a Day to be mentioned in the said Notice not exceeding Seven Days from the Date thereof, at which Meeting some Person shall be chosen and appointed to succeed to the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the Limits aforesaid, and such Person shall at the Hour of One of the Clock of that Day be elected by the Majority of Persons, being Churchwardens of the said Parishes, as shall be then and there assembled, and such Person when so elected shall be and is hereby declared to be Principal Land Coal Meter for putting this Act in Execution within the several Parishes aforesaid; and every such Person so to be elected, nominated or appointed as aforesaid, shall be, remain and continue Principal Land Coal Meter for the Dud several Parishes until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven, unless he shall sooner die, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kentf in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and they are hereby authorized and required to inquire into, and hear and determine any Complaint of Fraud or Misbehaviour of the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being for the Execution of this Act, in the same manner as they are by Law authorized to inquire into, hear and determine Misdemeanours; and if such Principal Land Coal Meter shall be found guilty of any Fraud, Neglect or Misbehaviour, he shall forfeit and pay for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such Fine as such Court, before whom such Complaint shall be made, shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with such Costs as such Court shall think proper to award and direct; and in case of a second Offence, the said Justices shall be empowered to remove the said Principal Land Coal Meter, and to order the Appointment of another in his Stead, to be elected in manner directed by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every Labouring Land Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the principal Land Coal Meter for the time being, shall be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction and Controul of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and shall or may be dismissed or suspended by the said Court from the Execution and Emoluments of their said respective Offices, on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof, all which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Court in a summary way.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Term for which any such Principal Land Coal Meter shall have been appointed shall expire, then and in such case nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any such Principal Land Coal Meter, whose Term limited for the Execution of his Office shall so expire, from being renominated or reappointed to his Office of Principal Meter.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, an Oath or- Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) in the following Words:

T do swear, (or, being one of the People called Quakers, do affirm, )

That I will honestly, truly, faithfully and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, «execute the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter, for the Limits comprized in an Act passed in the Fifty«sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here Jet forth the Title of this < AffJ*So help me GOD.'

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, from time to time and at all times, to nominate, appoint and employ a sufficient Number of Labouring Land Coal Meters, for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals, and for executing such other Duties as are by this Act required to be done by Land Coal Meters, and from time to time to ful-pend or dismiss the lame, as he shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Execution of this Act until he shall have taken and subscribed before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, an Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) in the Words following:

T do swear, (or, being one of the People called Quakers, do affirm, ) That

I will honestly, truly, faithfully and impartially, to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the

' Office of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the Parishes comprized in an Act passed in the Fifty ' sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act]\ 4 and that I will truly and impartially inspect and measure, or fee measured or loaded, all such Coals between Buyer and Seller, and execute such other Duties as are by Law required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, without Pavnnr nr Hatred. 1 So lieln me OOD

So help me GOD.' X. And

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. C.huivuL125

X. And W it further enacted, That the said Several Lthouittg Land Coal Meters, shall and they are Labouring Coai hereby required to attend at the federal Wharfs, Warehouse* and other Places, at which he or they shall be Meters to at Rationed from time to time by the said Principal Land Coal Meter, each and e*ery Day [Sundaye, Good ri^1*1* Su" Friday, Christmas Day and Fafl or Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and evfery l°n*

Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening and from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening*and if upon Notice being given to any such Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so Rationed, or Notice Noti: e. being left in Writing at nis or their Office or Offices, or Place or Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf,

Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice, within the Limits of his or their Station or Stations

for the time being, in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by

this Act to be done by any Land Coai Meter at any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, or if Notice

requiring the Attendance of a Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice, for the Purpose of measuring or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute

any other Duty required of Labouring Land Coal Meters by this Act, shall be given at the Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or at the said subordinate Office and if such Labouring Land Coal Meter Not attending,

or Meters mall not attend pursuant to any such Notice within the Space of Four Hours from the giving of &c.

the fame, and do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such case every such Labouring Land Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum

not exceeding Five Pounds. Penaky.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of Coal Meters not the Persons to be employed under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during his or their respective }° interested Continuance in Office or Employment as aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the iu Sa*e of Coals. Sale of any Coals whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of his or their said respective Offices, such

Principal Land Coal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceed- Penalty, ing One hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Coal Meter respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectively convicted before the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions, shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the fame or any other Punishment. under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold and to be sent or taken away in any Land Coal Me-Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place or Places within the Limits of ters may de-this Act, and also all Coals whatsoever fold and to be sent by Gang Labour, from or over any Wharf or other mand from Ven-Place where any Land Coal Meter shall be Rationed, situate within such Limits as aforesaid, (half, previously aSiehTof11* to such Coals being so sent or taken away, be carefully inspected and examined by the Principal or One of^ship's

the Labouring Land Coal Meters, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter may fee and t.ficate.

be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being sent or taken away in any Cart, Waggon or other

Carriage) are of the Sort or Description mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be

delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being to be delivered by

Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Description as and for which the same shall be sold; and such Meter is Meter nr.r/de-

hereby authorized and required to demand of the Vender or Venders, or of the Wharfinger, or other Person nrnnd of Vender

with whom the Ship Certificate of any of such Coals shall be left at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any lhe Sh, P Cerl'a*

such Coals, such Ship Certificate, for the Purpose of perusing and inspecting the fame, and such Meter shall, cate*

and he is hereby required to countersign such Ticket or Tickets, if such Meter shall be satisfied that such

Coals are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall not countersign the fame

without being so satisfied, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Meter shall,

and he is hereby also authorized and required, when the whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Ship,

Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, to write or indorse on the Back of the Certificate of such Coals, the Word " Delivered and if any such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or Vender refusing.

other Person shall refuse or neglect to produce and deliver to any such Meter such Ship Certificate on Demand,

then, and in every such case, every such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person so offending, shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any such Meter shall Penalty.

countersign any such Ticket or Tickets, without having first inspected such Coals, and also such Ship Cer- Meter unduly

tificate, and without having reasonable Ground to be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort described in counterfi8ninK*

such Vender or Venders* Ticket, or if any such Meter shall not immediately after the whole of the Coals

contained in any such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, demand

or call for such Certificate of such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced indorse

the fame in manner aforesaid, then, and in every such case, every such Meter so offending shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds. Penalty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be made use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Dimensioni of Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, within the the Sacks. Limits aforesaid, except such Sack shall be made of Linen, and shall have been first sealed and marked with

White Paint in Oil at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, Westminster, by the proper Officer there, and shall at the time of making Use of such Sack measure in the Inside thereof at leafi Four Feet and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch in Breadth; and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not, at the time of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the Inside thereof Four Feet and Four

Inches

56° GEORGII III.

AJX 1816.

Vender, & c. using Sacki of improper Di mentions.

Penalty,c.

Coals delivered by Gang labour need not be put into such Sacks.

What Bushel Measure to be made use of.

12 Ann. Stat. 2. c. 17. § II, 12.

Inches in Length, and Two Feet md Two Inches in Breadth; and if aav Vcoder or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use or cause to be used any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within the several and respective Limits a fore said, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, or of lef8 Length at the time of tiling the fame than Four Feet and Two Inches at the lead in the Inside thereof, or of leis Breadth than Two Feet and One Inch at the lead in the Inside thereof, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals shall, for every such Sack so unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings 5 and the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place, shall cause every such Sack found unmarked, or deficient either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Use of such Sacks; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it forth er enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the Limits aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is described in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Jfeedy and cffeQual preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breath in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, tn the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been fird damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at IVedmiu/ler, or at the Guildhall, London, previously to the fame being so kept or used 5 and that every such Bushel, previously to being so damped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop; and that every such Bushel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone 5 and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall confid of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in proportion for any lesser Quantity 5 and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as aforesaid, and so daxnpt as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrrease or diminiffi any such Bushel dampt as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of, m admeasuring of any Coals, any Bushel other than such Bushel as aforesaid, dampt as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall in any manner decrease or diminiffi any such Bushel dampt as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively, for every such Offence, shall be committed to the House of Correction by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold, sent, taken or carried away as and for Pool or River Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf or Place within the Limits of this Act, shall be loaded in Sacks, in the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the District, which Labouring Land Coal Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and inspect the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loaded, and it shall be lawful for such Meter to measure the Dimensions of all or any of such Sacks nfed in any such Loading before such Sacks shall be filled or loaded; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby authorized and required, when any Room or Rooms of Coals in any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or Craft, are or is to be sold and sent or taken away from any such Wharf or other Place as and for Pool Measure by any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, to see that the Coals so loaded and sent or taken away are in fast taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so fold, and likewise that the whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Room so fold are in fast entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and sent or taken away to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Coals contained in such Room or Rooms; Finding Sacks of and in case such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks used for the loading of any such Coals is or are of less

undue Dimen- Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it shall appear to such Meter, according to the best of his

Judgment, that any Sack or Sacks used in loading any such Coals do not contain when loaded each the Quantity of Three Bushels of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that any such Coals sold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms, shall not in fast be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms so fold

or to be sold, or that the whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms shall not be entirely emptied out of the fame, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Me*er to refuse to countersign the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and if any Wharfinger, Coal Porter or other Person or Persons, shall in any manner obstruct, hinder or prevent such Meter in or from the Performance of any such Duty or Duties so required by this Act, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold, sent or taken away as and for Pool Measure from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, and to be delivered to the Pur-

5 chafer

Dealers, fcc. using other Bushel.

Penalty. Servant*, 8cc, of Dealer using other BusheL

Imprisonment,

&c.

Regulation with regard to Coals sold by Poo) Measure.

When Room of Coils fold, Meter to see that Coals are duly taken out.

lions;

or Coals not duly taken out of Rooms, ' &c Meter may re fuse couuurfun ing Ticket. Wharfinger, &c obstructing, &c. Meter.

[Penalty.]

Pool Measure Coals when sent by Waggon.

A.D. 1816. j6° GEORGII III. CkxviiL 1127

chafer or Purchasers thereof, in mij Cart, Waggon for other Carriage, foall, and he, file and they h atod are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals or his, her or their Servant or Servants before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall be (hot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

4 Vi R. A.B. [Herr insert the Name of the Purchaser] Take Notice, that you are to receive herewith FormofVen-

[Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks Jer*? to

4 of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals [ Here insert the Number] Sacks of Coals, [Here insert the Name of the] tfcere"

Coals, for inspecting the Loading and Quality of which Coals you are, on the Receipt of this Ticket, in Conformity to an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

[Here fetforth the Title of this Act] to pay the undersigned E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Vended] the

Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the Compensation directed by this Act to be given to such Principal Meter for the InspeB'ton of such Coals, calculating the same as by this Act directed] being at and after the Rate of c One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat sold to and to be received by you herewith; and by the same Act this Ticket is directed to be delivered to you before any of the Coals are (hot out of any Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, by

which the Carman is directed to Measure gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in

any One Sack, which the Purchaser or his Servant or Servants may require, which Sack is to contain Three

Bushel8 heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Height of such Cone to be at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Measure to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that, in case of your being dissatisfied with the Coals now sent, you are entitled by the same Act to have the fame remeasured by the Bufttel Measure, provided you immediately, and before any more of the Coals than One Sack shall be (hot or delivered from the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the same are brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Desire to have the fame remeasured to either of the Land Coal Meters' Offices appointed

by virtue of the said Act, also to the Vender or Venders of such Coals. C.D. [Here insert the Name of the Vender ]. E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Meter and the Office, and Place the Office is situated]. Dated 4 [Here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket was signed].'

And in case such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be deli- Vender, &c. not vered such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers delivering Tic-of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or deli- fiC*ut|fleter livered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any inch Coals as a. resaid, then and in every to Purchaser* such case every such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay &c. any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver or other Person attending such Penalty.

Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have Carman, &c. not been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered ^Uver'ing to the Purchaser, shall {having first received the fame from the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers or chafer! l°^ any Person by the Order of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers) refuse or neglect to deliver fuclK Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman,

Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not Penalty, exceeding Ten Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender for Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold Wh, u Sum of as and for Pool Measure, and sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf, Warehouse or M«n«y to be other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by {£*

Gang Labour from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter shall be Rationed, situate Qoai, within such Limits; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or Other Place, from or Pool Measure. over which any such Coals shall be so sent or taken away shall, and such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers, is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Act, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat so bonght Fee to Principal and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for the Trouble of inspecting or Meter-superintending the loading and fending aftay such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purch&fer or Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend Of be con- Enabling Par* ftrued to extend to hinder or prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals, sold as and for Pool Measure, c^aJfc"

from fending such Coals to the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which MeafJre l0 htve such Purchaser or Purchasers shall appoint, (provided such Landing Place or Premises be not a Coal Wharf, ^Co«ls de-or Place where any Meter shall by virtue of this Act be stationed, ) or from having such Coals unloaded and lUered without delivered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang Labour or in any other manner, except in or the luterventioa by Means of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, without the Presence, Intervention or Inspection of any ut*Meter' Land Coal Meter, and without being subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever to any Land Coal Meter Tor or in respect of such Coals: but in Cale such Landing Place shall be within the Limits of this Act, and such Purchaser or Purchasers mall require the Care or Attendance of a Land Coal Meter, then he, she or they shall have and be entitled to such Attendance, upon fending Notice of such his, her or their Desire to the said Principal Land Coal Meter's Office or to the said subordinate Fee for Attend-Office, and in such case such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay and be charged for die Attendance of such auce of Meter.

Lend

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Carman to carry a Bushel Measure in his Cart.

Stamped} kc.

[Proviso.]

Penalty on Carman. Penalty 011 Vender.

Venders to deliver Tickets of Coals sold by Wharf Measure.

form.

Vender not delivering Ticket,

[Penalty.]

Carman not delivering Ticket to Purchaser.

[Penalty.]

Carman required to Measure One Sack, gratis, in each Cart.

Carman driving OaU away without me.ifuring the S«ck.

Land Coal Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of such Coals.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, loaden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, by any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits aforesaid, shall not hare placed on some conspicupus Part of his Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, a perfect Bushel Measure, of the Form, Size or Dimensions, and so stamped or marked as hereinbefore directed, ( which Measure shall be provided by the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals, ) then and in every such case every such Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, not having such Bushel Measure so placed therein or thereon, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that Coals which shall be carried or conveyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage belonging to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, may be so carried or conveyed without the Carman being obliged to carry a Bushel Measure therewith, or any Person or Persons being lubied or liable to any Penalty or Penalties in respect thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits aforesaid, and te be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered the fame Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

Mr. if. B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer.]

TTAKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name 1 of the] Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, [Here set forth the Title of this Act] the Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket before he (hoots any of the Coals ont of his Cart, Waggon or other Carriage; and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, by which the Carman is directed to measure gratisf under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack which the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C. Z). [ Here insert the Name of the Vender]

4 E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Labouring Meter in case of the Coals being sent from within the DiJlriB 4 of the said Office.] Dated [Here insert the Day of the month, and the Month and Year when such Ttcket wasJigned.y

And in case any such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be ihot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given by, or by the Direction of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the fame from the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or any Person by the Vender's or Dealer's Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, within the Limits aforesaid, shall and he is hereby directed to meafgre gratis, if he shall be required so to do, the Coals contained in any One of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting on the behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with such Bushel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Necessity of having the whole of such Coals remeasured in manner directed by this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf,

Warehouse

A.D. 181i6. 56° GEOttGlI ffl. <9.dxxviii.

Wanffioufe or other Place within the Limits aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse t6 rifeaihre by the said Bushel Measure such Sack of Coals in manner herein directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser tft* Purchasers of such Coals, or by his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or .Purchasers, to be measured, or if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be driven away without measuring, in manner herein directed, the said Sack of Coals, or shall hinder, obstruct or otherwise prevent the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, from measuring the said Bushel Measure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in such his Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, then and in every such case, every such Carman or Driver so offending shall, for every such Offence, foneit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in penalty, such Coals shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Purchaser of any Coals fold and sent to such Purchaser by rurchafcraof

any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, from any Place within the Limits of this Act, shall think Coals sent by or suspect that the full and lawful Measure of any such Coals has not been sent, and shall, before the Lighter- Water may hate* man or other Person having the Care or Management of such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Crafty reme*-

have delivered up to the Purchaser, or to his, ner or their Servants, such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge oi ure

other Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bulk shall be broken of such Coals, signify nis or

her Desire to have such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Lighterman or other rerson sent Lighterman

with the Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or Craft in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall either continue living or not

at the Landing Place or Premises of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, securin8 Crtft*

or other Craft, until such Coals are remeasured, or shall leave such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft

properly fattened and made secure at such Landing Place or Premises, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the

lame so to remain there until such Coals are remeasured, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Penalty on

Proprietor, and Forty Shillings on the Lighterman or other Person sent with such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge Owner.

or other Craft; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to the Vender or Dealer of Penalty on the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to be remeasured, and also fend Notice in Writing thereof to the Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or to the said sub- femf Notice to

ordinate Office, and thereupon the Principal Land Coal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, as the case Meter's Office

may be, (not being the Meter under whose Inspection any such Coals may have been originally loaded, ) shall, of remeasuring.

within Four Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at either of the said Offices, attend from such Office Meter to attend.

where such Notice shall be so left to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the fame with the Bushel Measure in the Presence of the Vender or Dealer and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agents,

or Servants, if any of them (halt attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals remeasured, and in case it shall appear upon the Remeasurement of such Coals, by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter as shall attend for the Purpose of remeasuring of such Coals, that such Coals Jo not amount to the Quantity for which they were

fold, then and in every such case, if such Coals have been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender or Venders Deficiency found

of. Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels, and not exceed on

Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of ment*

Coals so found deficient in every Five Chaldron and One Vat any Slim not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in Penalty on c^fe such Deficiency shall exceed Tep Bushels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat so remeasured, then and in Vender* such case such Vender or Dealer of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so found deficient any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Penalty. Purchasers thereof 5 but in case any such Coals so remeasured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of, Deafer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and Audi Peniky* moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring By whom Ei-Coal Meter to be appointed by virtue of this Act, so remeasuring, shall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a arc lo be paW.

Chaldron; and if ujpon any such Reraealurement the whole of the Coafe so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Goals shall, in case such Deficiency shall atnount to or exceed One Bu/hel, pay the Expenses of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bu/hel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be con- C°all sold by

ftrued to extend to reauire any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the Bushel Measure

previously to such Coals being loaded and sent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage from the Vender's sured°by Buihcl, or Dealer's Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Desire of the Purchaser of any such Coals. unless at Dtfire

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold, or loaded to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, iu of Purchaser. Quantities exceeding Eight Bu/hels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, shall be Coals sold by measured in the Presence of One of the said Labouring Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, Wharf Measure by the Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Act is directed; and the said Labouring Coal Meters, and every

of them, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or LandCw^Me-Bu/hels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock ter. of Coal6 of the Person or Persons so vending or contracting for the Sale of the said Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale.

56 Geo. III. 7 E XXVII. And

ii 3°

Meters fullering Wharf Measure Coals to be sent out without being raeafured.

[Penalty.]

Coal Meter's Payment for Wharf Measure Coak.

Principal Meter to deliver to Vender, &c.»Ticket.

The Contents of such Ticket.

If Purchaser desire to have particular Sacks re-tneafured, Proceedings.

In what case Metage to be paid to Vender.

Carman refilling to deliver Ticket to Purchaser.

Penalty, ^harfingers giving Bribes to Meters.

[Penalty.]

Meters receiving Bribes, or delivering false Tickets.

Or permitting false Measure to be made, &c.

C.lxxviii. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 18j6.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals exceeding Eight Bushels, which shall be sold or loaded to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, to be sent from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of his Office, without such Coals being measured in the manner herein directed, or shall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by virtue of this Act, or to the said subordinate Office, within Four Days next after such Coals shall have been measured, then and in every such case such Labouring Coal Meter shall for ever thenceforth be rendered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals which shall be sold and delivered, as and for Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within the Limits of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Warehouse or Place from which such Coals are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals to the said Principal Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Act, and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coal9, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive or carry away the fame, a Paper Writing, or Ticket, signed by the Principal Land Coal Meter, and countersigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and delivering the fame, in which shall be contained the Christian and Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Sellers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, and also either the Christian or Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Sellers, Vender or Venders, and also either the Christian or Surname or Names or only the Surname or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, Consumer or Consumers of the said Coals, and the Quantity of such Coals, and the Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery, and Admeasurement, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carman or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the fame Coals, and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, she or they is or are dilTatisfied with the Measure thereof, and shall desire to have all such Coals remeasured, such Dissatisfaction must be expressed to the Carman, before more than One Sack of such Coals is shot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart or other Carriage conveying the fame; and that if such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be so diffatisned, and shall desire to have all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage remeasured, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or any of such particular Sacks, tnen that such Desire must be expressed to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall define to have remeasured, shall be shot or unloaden from the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the same shall be sent; which said Ticket, being thus made complete, and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter, countersigning the fame without Delay to the Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, drive or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named; which said Ticket unaltered, the said Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers or Purchasers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket for the Use of such Purchaser or Consumer, and thereupon he, she or they is and are hereby required to pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified, and if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket, shall after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver such Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the fame Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning the fame, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the fame Ticket to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to be given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coak measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, a false or counterfeited Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure, for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter shall willingly permit or suffer to be made false Measure of any Coals or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the whole of which he shall have not seen measured, or fiLall countersign any Vender's or Dealer's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or

without

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

C.lxxviii. 1131

without seeing and taking care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been first completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then, and in every such case, every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, Penalty, and oe rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Quantity whatsoever of Coals exceeding Eight Bushels, Vender for not fold or to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, shall be lent or driven in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, d^vSjl|S a M*m or carried by Gang Labour from any Wharf, Warehouse or Place, situate within the Limits of this Act,

without having been measured by such Bushel Measure as is directed and described by this Act, or without Measure Cotk. such Meter's Ticket as aforesaid, so signed and countersigned as aforesaid, having been first obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Part of such Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in'every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Labouring Coal Meter to be appointed pursuant to this Meter permit-A&, shall use, or knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made use of for the measuring or l, ?8 Sad* to be carrying of Coals of less Dimensions than such Sacks as are directed to be used for that Purpose by this DimcnfianLm Ad, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, then and in every such case, efery such Labouring

Coal Meter shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds. Penalty.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Venders of Coal*

Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which shall foW as Wh*: rf have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Sale within the Limits of ^5*

this Act, by or under the Inspection of the Labouring Land Coal Meter stationed or attending at such have them re-Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, then in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Vender measured.

or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such Coals are sent away from such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Sale, to fend, or cause to be sent, to the Office of the Principal Land Coal Meter for the

Execution of this Act, or to the said subordinate Office, Notice in Writing signifying the Desire of such Notice by Ven-

Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have such Coals remealured, and then and in such der*

case such Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters of or from such Office, not being the Meter

under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured, shall, within the Space of Four Hours next Meter to at-

after such Notice in Writing left at such Office, attend to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly tend>c*

remeasure the fame, Sack by Sack, by the Buffiel Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Venders of

or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, and for

such Remeasurement such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall pay, or cause to be Fee for Remesu

paid, to the said Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured, (urement.

and in case it shall appear upon such Remeasurement that the Coals so remeasured shall exceed the Quantity

for which the fame were fold, then and in such case if such Excess shall be equal or amount to or exceed Excess.

Two Bushels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter who first measured such Coals shall for every Bushel so exceeding such Quantity as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings together with all the Penalty. Expences of such Remeasurement.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or Coal* sent by their Servant or Servants, shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals fold or to be delivered within Carriage the Limits of this A A, and sent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, his, her or their Desire to^ pur_*have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, chafer, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or Carman driving suffer to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein shall away before be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant oremea-Servants, then and in every such case, such Carman or Driver shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay pd.' any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds. e

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Purchasers to Servants, so desiring such Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be remeasured shall, and Notice to he, she or they is and are hereby required to fend, or cause to De sent, to the Vender or Venders of Dealer or Meters Office, Dealers in the said Coals, or to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing hav*

that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or measured. Servants, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter of his, her or their Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon the Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Four Hours next Meter to «t-after such Notice in Writing, left at either of the said Offices, attend from such Office where such Notice

shall be so left at the House, Lodging or other Premises, of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice, for the Purpose of remeasuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the lame in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to fee

7 E 2 the

1133 Ctaypi.

6° GEO^II III.

Af ]t). i 16.

Vender not attending to fee Coals remea-furtd, Proceedings.

Fee to be paid

Deficiency appearing on Remeasurement.

Penalty on Vender.

the fame remeasured; syid ip case such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Purchaser or Purchasff9» or his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants^ shall pot attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on the measuring of such Coals in his, her or their Absence, and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the distiiift Sacks, so as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or else to remeasure futh Coals in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together; and in case the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals shall not either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter signify or cause to be signified to such Meter his or their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or they would wish such Remeasurement to be taken or made in, then and in every such case such Meter shall proceed to remeasure such Coals in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for such Remeasurement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Remeasureme^ Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters, of and from the Office tp which Notice shall have been sent as afore-eroea uremen.Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case, upon the R^me&ftyrtpept mj such Coals which shall pe so remeasured as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter so remeasuring the fame, that any Sack or Sac^s of such Coal* (baV not contain Three Busheis, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall for every Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement forfeit apd pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and In case, upon the Remeasurement of any such Coala as aforesaid, which shall he remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same shall have been sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as afore-If Coal*fold for said that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if such last Wharf Measure. mentioned Coals shall have been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers Penalty. jn such £oal8 shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals found deficient any Sum not exceeding Forty

Penalty on La- Shillings, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure to and for the bouring Meter. Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remeasured, and the Labouring Meter under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured shall for every Bushel so deficient forfeit and pay any Sum not Penalty ou Coal exceeding Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who shall have first measured such Coals for the Vender Porter*. or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof, shall for every Bushel of Coals so wanting forfeit and pay any Sum not

WhenDefi- exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeasured in the manner last mentioned,

ciency, and Coal* and so found to amount to less than the Quantity for which the fame were fold, shall have been sold as and for

sold as for Pool Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency

shall exceed Four Bufiiels and not exceed Ten Bushels ip any Five Chaldron and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Va{ any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that no such Coals so fold and feat shall be remeasured so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of such Coals shall have been (hot or delivered from fych Cart, Waggon or other Carriage into

or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any thing hereinbefore contained to, the contrary

notwithstanding.

In case Coals

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remeasurement of any Coals fold and sent as fold for Pool and for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall have been Mesfore proving made in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of fuph Coals contained in all the Sacks taken

Deficient on together, the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be fels or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for

erne* urement, eac^ gacj^ according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case fuph, Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bufiiels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One VaJ any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks Cent taken together, of any stich to^paidCnt 31*Coals an^ent 38 an<* for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found P less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bufiiel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser °£ Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantify contained in each and every of the particular Sacks sent, of any Qoals sold as and for Wharf or Pop! Measure, it fiiajl be found that One Fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sachs of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respn&ivdfo then the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or purchasers of ftiph, > Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sachs so found deficient shall apt amount to One Fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sackp of such, Cpafe so fold

*7 and

Measure. Penally on Vender.

[Penalty.]

Protifo.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom Expences of Re-

56° GEORGII in*

Clxxvui 1133

tad font, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser Or Purchasers of such Coala.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any such Notice as by this Act Principal M«-directed shall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers, at either of the said Principal ters not fending or Subordinate Offices, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from either of such Offices, for the Purpose a Labouring of remeasuring any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then and in every Inch case a Meter or Meters shall be required to atteud from the said Office, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and lure such respective Labouring Meter or Labouring Meters shall, and is, and are hereby required and authorised to remeasure any such Coals which he or they shall be so sent to remeasure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers of Inch Coals shall or not be desirous of having such Remeasurement proceeded in, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Principal or Subordinate Laud Coal Meters after haring received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse, within the Space of Four Hours after the receipt of such Notice, to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers accordingly, or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters Or Labouring (h^ll refuse or neglect to remeasure such Coals, then and in every such case the Principal or Subordinate Mettr Land Coal Meter, or Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters, so offending, shall for every such Offence to forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Penalty.

Person or Persons, shall prevent, oburuft ar interrupt, or attempt to prevent any such Remeasurement being Purchaser ob-proceedfid in and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters, sent by the said Principal or Subordinate Jru^in8 Rtmea Land Coal Meter, in consequence of any such Notice, then and in every such case such Purchaser or Par- lurement* chafers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon or Carmen to be other Carriage shall be (lopped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence of remeasuring the Coals, Or paid for belt* any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be entitled to the ksP1,

Sum of Three Shillings ftr Hour, for every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, and so in Proportion for R*etfpjjr-any Fradlion of an Hour, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals, which Three Shillings her Hour me#t#

shall be paid by the Vender of or Dealer in the said Coals, in case the fame or any Part thereof mall upon the Remeasurement thereof be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in case the same shall not be remeasured, or shall upon such Remeasurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which such Coals were fold.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which shall be sold by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse Regtriariow as to or other Place within the Limits of this A6l»d to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to the $2*1*f0* by Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight We, ght' confiding of One hundred and twelve Pounds avoirdupois, and Twenty such Hundred Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One Ton; and all such Coals so to be sold shall be weighed and loaded at such Wharf or Warehouse, or other Place of Sale, in the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters to be appointed pursuant to this Act, and such Labouring Land Coal Meter is hereby authorized and required to superintend and iofpeft the weighing and loading of all such Coals so sold by Weight, in order that Rich Meter may fee and be satisfied that in every such Loading the full Weight of Coals is actually given, which shall be expressed in the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket, and such Meter may refuse to countersign the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of any such Coals* ia case such Meter shall not fee that the full and proper Weight shall be given, according to the Quantity which shall be expressed in such Vender's or Dealer's Ticket, but Rich Meter shall, and he is hereby required to countersign the fame, in case the proper Weight shall be given accord*w j

ing to such Quantity of Coals expressed in such Vender's or Dealer's Ticket; and for such Inspectiea of such Meter for fn-Coals so sold by Weight, there shall be paid by the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof, or by the speflion of Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Warehouse or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the Coals. Principal Land Coal Meter, Sixpence fox every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's Inspection, and so in Proportion for any greater ox less Quantity than One Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders^ Dealer or Dealers by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals lb sold by Weight within the Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or caufo to be delivered, to the Purchaser or Pur- ^oa^eot 'VAf chafers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in Form following; (that is to say),

Mr. A* B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer.] Form.

' '"FAKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number] Tons ['Here irfert the Nam?

4 of the'] Coals, for inspecting which Coals you are, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, [Here set forth the Title of this A 8] to repay me

the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller: ] the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the Inffcdion Charge] being at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold to and to be received by you

herewith.'

(Signed) C.D. [Here irfert the Name of the Seller.]

(Conntersigned) E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Meter.]

And in case such Voqdmot Vender* Dealer or Dealers, do not deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid, and focounferflgoed by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to to Pur*hafcr

his.

Inspe&iom of Coals.

Vender'* Ticket lent with \ sold by Weight.

1134 C. lxxviii.

56° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1816.

Perish?. Carman not delivering Ticket to Purchaser.

[Penalty.]

Coals to be sold

his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloaden, every such Vender or Dealer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds 5 and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals to whom any such Ticket shall have been given by or by the Orders of the Vender or Dealer, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the fame from the Vender, Dealer or any Person by the Direction of the Vender or Dealer, ) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloaded, such Carman, Driver or other Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold within the Limits of this either by height Act, save and except only such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, shall be sold either by droifor BulheL Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Bushel as aforesaid, or by the Half Bushel, Peck or Half Peck, provided such smaller Measure shall be some Aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The ft< ringup

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be taken

of different Sorts or construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals Warehouse not Limits of this Act, from laying or storing up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repository, or other

to be prevented, convenient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals of as many Sorts, Names or Descriptions as he, she or provided such they shall respectively think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names or Descriptions of Coals be respectively Sort* be kept in laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Repository in separate and distintt Parcels, and wholly unmixed; SudieCo^arCe, S provided no such Coals be sold by any other than Wharf Measure, or without the true Name or Names of to be sold other- every or any such Sorts of such Coals as shall be sold and sent from any such Warehouse or other Repository wife than by being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to be sent therewith to any Purchaser or Purchasers, and if any fucfe Wharf Measure. Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold by any other than by Wharf and with the Measure any Coals out of any such Warehouse or other Repository in which Two or more different Sorts of SMt*ex ^enw'in ^oa^8 maY ^ore<^ or deposited, or shall not insert or cause to be inserted in the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket th* 'T'.mL* m to be sent with such Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Coals as shall be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository or other Place, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such case every such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within

__________ the Limits of this Act, who shall keep any Shed, Shop or Warehouse, where Coals shall be sold in Quantities

Coals are fold in not greater than One Half Chaldron, and where uo Coals shall ever be sold in any Quantities exceeding One Quantities not Half Chaldron, from mixing or heaping up together, or causing to be mixed or heaped up together in such Shed, Shop or Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities whatsoever, of any and as many different Sorts, Names or Descriptions of Coats, as he, she or they shall respectively think fit, or from felling or causing to be sold, such Coals when so mixed: Provided nevertheless, that such Coals, when so mixed, shall be sold as, for and by the Name of«Mixed Coals, " and shall not be sold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, nor shall be sold at any other Place than at the Shop, Shed or Warehouse, where the fame mail have been so mixed.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within in the Limits of this Act, from felling or causing to be sold any Mixed Coals whatsoever, which shall have been

Such^Coala to be at any time before the passing of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that such Coals shall he sold as and

described as Warehouse Coals.

the Ticket.

[Penalty.]

Provisions respecting Coal Sheds or Ware house* where

exceeding One Half Chaldron. Proviso for Coals to be sold by the N.«me of " Mixed Coals "

Act not to prevent Sale of Coals already mixed

for, and shall be described in the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket to be sent therewith as and for and by the Name of " Warehouse Coals."

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the

Peace.

Distress.

" manner levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby directed, ) not exceeding Twenty Pounds,

ing Twenty shall ke for within One Calendar Month next after the Offence or Offences committed 5 and all such

Pounds to be Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for recovered before the said County of Kent> and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Injustice of the formation or Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring before him or them

such Offender or Offenders, at the time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and if on the Conviction of the Offenders respectively, either on his, her or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, ) such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus (if any) raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducing the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distramed; and for want of Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Kent, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid 5 and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, when paid, shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall go to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or shall be applied in such manner for carrying this Act into Execution, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall direct.

Want of

Distress.

imprisonment.

A.D. 1816.69 GEORGII II^. £?Jxxviil 1135

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Mayor and other His Majestr's Justices of proviso for the Peace for the time being acting in and for the Corporation of Gravesend and Milton, shall nave Authority Right* of Cor-in all things arising within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Corporation, in like manner as the Justices P°ralion of of the Peace for the said County of Kent have Authority within the said County; and that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any way to affect, change, lessen, annul, prejudice or destroy any Rights, Privileges, Immunities, Grants, Advantages or Authorities hitherto veiled in or enjoyed by the Mayor, Jurats and Inhabitants of Gravesend and Muton aforesaid, but that they and their Successors shall and may hold, use and exercise the fame in as full, ample and beneficial manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been paired.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so Appeal to convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against Quarter Session*. this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Kent, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein, and such Justices in such General or Quarter Sessions shall hear and determine the matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or qualh and amend the said Conviction, and award such Coflg.

Colls to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable, and the Decilion of the said Appeal. Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of Final, this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorariy or any other Writ Certiorari or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices Summoning of the Peace before whom any such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be sued for, to summon before him or Wirneffe*. them any Person or Persons who shall in or by the Complaint or Information made to him or them appear to be a necessary Witness as to the matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a time and Place to be specified in the Summons, and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, Not attending, then upon due Proof of the Service of such Summons in manner aforesaid, such Person so summoned and not appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be levied Penalty, and recovered in such manner and by such Ways and Means as is hereinbefore directed as to other Penalties; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant, Such Person* under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or may be appre-them, and thereupon, whether such Person shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as hended» aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her upon Oath as to the matter and examined on of such Complaint or Information; and in case such Person shall refuse to be sworn or to answer, or to give at Evidence therein, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, by Refilling to be Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refusing to be sworn, or jWorl?» to answer or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or lm^ri on, nent Place in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then act, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon his, her or their Examination upon Perjury.

Oath, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence touching any matter or thing relating to this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall take or make any false Oath or Affidavit, with respect to any matter or thing relating to this Act, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in Force and Effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty Penalties above Pounds by this Act imposed for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be reco- aoL how to be vered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West- recovere<1* minster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed by the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the fame within Three Calendar Monfhs after the Offence 01* Offences shall be committed, and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be'to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Treble Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money Distressnot unto be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress ltfelf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or lawful for want Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of °Uorm.

Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage fullained in an Action on the Case.

LIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted. Form of Con-That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, vl^, on-shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

BE

Plaintiff not to recover after Tender of Amends.

Limitation of Actions.

Notice.

Treble Costi.

Act not to alter or repeal 47 G.3. SeflT. a. c. UriiL

Commencement of Ait.

[Public Act.]

3jG.3c. 1j6.

continued.

10 G. 3. c. 100. 33 G. 3. c. 138. 54 0.3. e. cci. continued.

33 G.a. c. 35. »9 G. 3. c. ax. repealed.

54O.3. c. dixiii.

C. lxxviii — lxxxiii. 56 GEORGII III. A.t). 1816.

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A B. is convicted before me. One of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the [Here Specifying the Offence, and the

Time and Place when and where committed, at the case may be-] contrary to an Act of Parliament made in

the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Here insert the Title of this Afij.«Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.*

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unlefg Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of fumcient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or hie, her, or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought 5 and ia case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the said County where the Cause of Action shall arise; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty one Days' Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury fhaB find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonfoited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fhatt have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs and have such Remedy for recovering the false as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit, in other cases by Law.

LVI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter or vary any Part or Parts of the said recked Ad of the Forty feveath Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but that the said Act, and all the Powers Provisions Clauses Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposea as if this Act had not been made.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and after the paling thereof,

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horsely Upright Gate, leadingdown Bowden Hilly in the County of Witts, to the Top of King [down Hilly in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, (a) [26th June 1816.]

[Additional Trtflees.']

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty*! Reign, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Boris, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Speenhamland District of the said Roads, (a) [26th June 1816.]

[Additional Trujbces. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxXxi.

An Act for the more effectual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex. [lb July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching and otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public Places upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Pancras$\n the County of Middlesex. [if! July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of Carlisle. (b) [iff July 1816.]

Cap.

A.D. 181S. 56° GEORGII III. Clxxxiv. 1137

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for erecting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court of Chancery.

[2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act made and passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of 53 c*

His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Jujlici, and of the several 4. Acts therein mentioned or referred to, and by virtue of divers Orders of the High Court of Chancery made

for that Purpose, in pursuance of the said several Acts, divers Sums of Money have been from time to time

taken out of the common and general Cacti belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, which lay dead and

unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said ' Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government and Parliamentary Securities have been carried to an Account, intituled*Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom have in like manner been laid out and carried to an Account, intituled*Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Se-

curity of the Suitors of the High Court of ChanceryAnd Whereas under and by virtue of the above

recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Sir Thomas Plumer, Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of England, and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as such Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln*s Inn, in the County of Middle lex; but the fame is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpose, and such Use and Occupation

*4 thereof is very Inconvenient to the said Society; and it would be of advantage and an Accommodation to the Public if a proper and convenient Court for the said Vice Chancellor, with or without a proper Communication between the said Court and Lincoln*s Inn Hall, was erected and built for holding the Sittings of the said Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof: And Whereas the said Honourable Society Society of Lin of Lincoln*s Inn have consented and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground at the West End coln, lnnkf*

of and adjoining the Council Chamber of the said Society, for the Purpose of Building such new Court

thereon, on condition that the Fee Simple of such Piece of Land or Ground, and all Buildings to be erected Building a new and built thereon, shall be and remain for ever vested in the said Society, in Trust for the Use and Accom- Court.

modation of the said Court of Chancery, and to and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever: And Whereas Robert Greenhill Russell of Lincoln's Inn aforesaid, Esquire, is entitled to an Estate for his own Life*

with the Power of assigning the fame upon the Terms and according to the Rules and Regulations of the said Society, of and in a certain Set of Chambers over the said Council Chamber of the said Society, and certain Rooms or Chambers over the fame; and the said Society are entitled to the Reversion and In-

heritance thereof, subject to such Estate and Interest of the said Robert Greenhill Russell therein 5 and it will be proper that such Chambers and Rooms should be delivered up to the said Society; and that proper Compensation Should be made to the said Robert Greenhill Russell for his Estate and Interest therein, and for the Loss and Inconvenience he will be put to by being obliged immediately to remove therefrom, and to give up

the Possession thereof to the said Society; and it is reasonable that the said Society should be reimbursed all Charges and Expences which they have or may be put to for Plans and Estimates for the Buildings for the said Court, and in the necessary Alterations 01 their said Council Chamber, or otherwise, in consequence thereof : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Corner

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sheriff of the County Sheriff to im-of Middlesex shall forthwith, and he is hereby empowered and required to impannel, summon and return not P*?*1* 10

less than Twelve nor more than Twenty four substantial and indifferent Persons of his Bailiwick, qualified to Mone^to serve'on Juries; and the Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid are hereby re-^pa^ so, the quired to come and appear before the said Sheriff at his Office in Bedford Row, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Preroifes herein Holborn, in the said County, at such time as shall be specified in such Warrant, and to attend the said Sheriff mentioned, or his Deputy at the said Place until discharged by the said Sheriff or his Deputy; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by the said Sheriff or his Deputy, in such manner as Juries for Trials of Issuea joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by Law to be drawn; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the time and Place appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Bye Standers, or of others who can be speedily procured to attend that Service, being so qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenge against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriff or his Deputy is hereby empowered Witnessfoto'13 and required to summon and call before him any Witnesses touching the matters in question, and may, if he summoned. shall think fit and fee Occasion, or shall be thereto required, order and authorize the said Jury, or any Two or more of them, to view the Place or Places, matters or things in controversy, and such Jury shall upon their Oath (which Oath as well as the Oaths to such Witnesses the said Sheriff or his Deputy is nereby empowered and required to administer)esquire of, assess and afeertsin, and give a Verdict for the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be to be paid to the said Robert Greenhill Russell, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for the Purchase of all his Estate and Interest in the said Set of Chambers, and the Rooms over the fame, and by Way of Compensation and Satisfaction for the Loss, Expence and Inconvenience he shall or may be put to or sustain in being deprived of the Possession thereof, together with all reasonable Costs and Expences of and attending such Enquiry, and the said Sheriff shall give Judgment for such Purchase and Compensation Money so afieffed by such Jury; which said Verdict and the^ Judgment thereupon shall be signed by the said Sheriff or i6 Geo. III. 7 F 1 hi*

38

Perjury.

Court of Chancery may order Sums not exceeding 9, oooo1. to be paid out of the Interest of Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Court for erecting and fitting up convenient Courts of Justice m Lincoln's Inn.

Courts, &c. to be vested in the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in TrufL

Expences of the Act.

If Suitors' Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

[Public Act.]

CJxxxiv. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 181G.

his Deputy, and shall be filed in the Report Office of the said High Court of Chancery with the Records of the said Court, and shall be deemed to be a Record of the said Court to all Intents and Purposes; and the fame or an Office Copy thereof shall be held and allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon all Persons whomsoever: Provided that Seven Days* Notice m Writing at lead, of the Hour and Place at which such Jury are so required to be returned, be given to the said Robert Greenhill Rujfelly his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and to the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inny before the time of the Meeting of the said Sheriff and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Chambers of the said Robert Greenhill Russell in Lincoln's Inn aforesaid, and at the Steward's Office of the said Society in the said Inn.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Act wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or otherwise forswear himself or themselves before such Sheriff and Jury, in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are, by the Laws in being, subject and liable to.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled*Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled«Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, ' there shall be paid, by virtue of any Order or Orders.of the said Court of Chancery (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and all other Payments and Sum§ of Money, by any former Act directed or authorized to be paid thereout, or to be hereafter ordered to be paid under the Authority of any former Act) to the said Robert Greenhill Rujfely his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, the Sum so assessed and awarded by the said Sheriff and Jury, upon his making a good Title to and executing a proper Conveyance of all his Estate, Right, Title and Interest of and in the said Set of Chambers, with the Rooms or Chambers over the fame, free from Incumbrances, to the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn9 and delivering up the Possession thereof to the said Society, as directed by the said High Court of Chancery, and also to the Treasurer of the said Honourable Society for the time being, for the Use and on the Account of the said Society, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court to have been paid, laid out, or expended by them for Plans or Estimates for the said Court, and in the Alterations in their said Council Chamber, uecessary and consequent to such intended new Building or otherwise, in relation thereto; and also such Sum or Sums of Money, and at such time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and their Discretion deem necessary, and not exceeding the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the said Court, in erecting, building and completing a proper and convenient Court of Justice in Lincoln's Inn aforesaid, for the said Vice Chancellor of England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the said Society, wherein the Business of the said Court may be transacted and carried on; and in fitting up the said Court with proper Furniture, Necessaries and Conveniencies, and for transacting the Business thereof; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in gross, over and above the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, as shall be necessary for keeping the fame in Repair, and for insuring and keeping the fame insured from Loss or Damage by Fire, at such Insurance Office or Offices, and in such manner, and in such Name or Names, and for such Sum or Sums, as the said Court shall from time to time order and direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court, and the Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, shall continue vested in the Trustees for the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn9 and their Successors, for ever, in Trust nevertheless for the Use of the said Court; and that the same shall be used for the public Purposes by this Act directed in respect of the fame, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, except that in case at any time hereafter the same shall cease to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, then the same shall revert to and become the absolute Property of the said Society.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, (landing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to the several Accounts hereinbefore mentioned, or either of them, the Expences incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and the Cods, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be laid out and expended in pursuance of this Act shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of any Order or Orders made or to be made under the Authority of any such Act or Acts heretofore parted, and the Stocks and Funds and Cash then (landing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to the several Accounts before mentioned or either of them, shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy the fame, that the fame Money taken from the said Fund for the Purposes and by virtue of this Act, shall be and be considered a Debt due from the Public, and shall be answered and made good by Parliament accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

5 Cap.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEORGII III. Clxxxv — lxxxvii. 1139

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty second Year of Hie present Majesty, for making 5» G. 3. c.cxor. a Canal from the Grand Junftiou Canal in the Parish of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse.

[2d July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and 3? G. 3.0.29. improving the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha. (b) [2d July 1816.]

39 G s

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company.

[2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 5G- 3. c.cUuu 4 An Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to he called The Gas Light and Coke Company, for making inflammable Air, for lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, and forprocuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniac al Liquor and Efjential Oil from Coal, and for the Purposes relating thereto: And Whereas His Majesty, by his Royal Charter bearing Charter, 30th 4 Date the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, did incorporate the said Company APnl l*l %

4 in pursuance of and subject to the Provisions of the said Act> by the said Name of The Gas Light and Coke Company: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 54 G. 3. c.cxvii intituled An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Gas Light and Coke Company: And Whereas the said Company have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts and the said Charter, and have established large and extensive Works, and have afforded a Supply of Gas to a considerable Part of the Cities of London and Westminster: And Whereas the Inhabitants of various Parts of the said Cities are desirous to be suppHed with Gas for their private Use» and have made Application to the said Company to extend their Works for that Purpose: And Whereas, in order to enable the said Company to increase their Works, so as to afford such^a Supply of Gas as will enable them to comply with the Applications aforeftud, it is necessary and expedient that they Should be authorized and empowered to raise a further Sum of Money, and aufo that the.

Powers and Authorities of the said Company, and also the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or some of them, Should be enlarged, altered and amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent, Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Company shall be and continue one Body Company to Politic and Corporate, by their said Name of The Gas Light and Coke Company, for and during and unto the cont"»ue a Cor-fuH End and Term of Thirty Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the said Charter, and by that Yeari°after the Name shall have Succession during the Period hereinbefore limited, and a common Seal, and by that Name Expiration of shall and may sue and be sued. the Charter.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to raise and Power to nife a contribute among themselves, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, for the Purposes of file said recited 5jrther Sum Acts and this Act, in addition to the Money which they were authorized and empowered to raise by and under /p2Sn3r, not the Powers of the said first recited Act for the Purposes thereof, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding aoopooI.

in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, in such Proportions as they shall think fit; which said Sum when raised shall be laid out in carrying the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, and shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and such new or additional Shares so to be created by virtue of this Act, and the several Shares made or created by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall to all Intents and Purposes be, and they are hereby declared to be consolidated, and to be one and the fame joint Stock and Property; and all Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and Parties whomsoever, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who have severally subscribed or shall hereafter subscribe for one or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be called for or demanded under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, and who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be called for or demanded under and by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall respectively be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an etjual proportionate Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, and the time or times at which the same shall have been so paid, of the Profits or Advantages that shall or may arise or accrue from the said Undertaking 5 and every Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and Persons having such Shares as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the said Works respectively, iu manner directed by the said recited Acts and this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor of each and every Share, which shall or N«w Sham to

may be created by virtue of this Act, shall be entitled to such and the fame Powers, Privileges and Advantages, be subject to the and shall be subject to such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as in and Provisions of by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are expressed and contained of and concerning the Shares created Share!

by virtue thereof, and now vested in the several and respective Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking;

and the Admission of all and every Person and Persons to any such new Share or Shares, by any Order or Resolution

ii4. C.lxxxvii. 56 GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

of the said Company, or their Court of Directors, shall be and be deemed to be a good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, on his, her or their paying to the said Company, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, the Sum or Sums of Money required to be paid for such Shares respectively, within the time limited in such Order or Resolution for that Purpose 2 Provided always that no Person shall be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, in respect of any Shares created by virtue of this Act, until he or she shall have been possessed thereof for the Space of Three Calendar Months.

Shires standing

XV. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be the Pro-PertT more ^an one Person» the Owner or Proprietor whose Name shall have been entered first in Order Person, the Per- ln the Books of the said Company, shall for all the Purposes of the said Company be deemed and taken to son whose be the Owner or Pnmrietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices required by the said recited Acts and Name Hands first this Act, or either of them, to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Cons-shall for aUthe pany, shall and may be given to or served upon such Person whose Name shall so (land first in Order in the Aa?b« deemed Books of l^e Company; and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service the Owner. uP°n Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Service is

intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares by the said recited Acts and this ^.ft, or either of them.

Empowering V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Proprietor of Two or Proprietors of more Shares in the said Company's Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General or Special

hr Proxy/016 Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such

General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking: Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall deliver in Proxies for more than Ten Proprietors, and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form following; videlicet,

Fom % «J A.B. of one of the Proprietors of and in the Gas Light and Coke Company do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy,

in my Name and in my Absence, to vote or give my Assent to or Dissent from any Business, matter or

thing, relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any General or Special

Meeting of the said Company, in such manner as he the said C.D. mall think proper, according to his

Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witness

whereof I have hereunto set my Hand the Day of

Power to light up Houses, Sec. from the Mains.

Power to employ Manufacturers and Dealers of the Materials to be used in lighting up Houses, under the Controul of the Company.

[Penalty.]

Power to lay Mains, and to crest Machinery requiGte for securing a competent Supply of Gas to Dwelling Houses, &c. and to alter or amend imperfect Work; but not to break up Pavements, &c. without Con-feut of Commissioners or Trustees,

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, in such cases as to them shall seem meet and convenient, to carry, fit up and furnish any Pipe or Pipe9, Cocks or Branches, or other necessary Apparatus, from any main Pipe laid in any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, Passage or Place by the said Company, by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of them, in, to or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the fame, or any public or private Lamp, from any such Main, with the Consent of the Owner or Occnpier of such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, but not otherwise: Provided always, that the said Company, in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted, in respect of fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, shall employ or appoint such Manufacturers of, or Dealers of the Materials to be used, as to the said Company shall seem meet and proper, and such Manufacturers or Dealers shall execute the fame under and subject to the Superintendance, Controul and Direction of the said Company: Provided also, that the said Company shall not, on any Account or upon any Pretence whatever, employ or set to work, in fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant or any other Person in the Pay or Employ of the said Company 5 nor shall the said Company themselves manufacture, fell or vend any of the Materials requisite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor directly or indirectly take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from such Works, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Colls of Suit, to the Party who shall sue for the lame, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westm'tnsler> in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to lay any Main requisite for the Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, and to erect and set up, by themselves or their Agents, Servants and Workmen, any Machine or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and afeertarn-ing the Extent of such Supply, and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed in such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or authorize or empower the said Company, or any Officer or Person now or hereafter appointed or employed by the said Company, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time or times hereafter to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever or wheresoever, in order to lay down main Pipe or Pipes to convey Gas, without the Consent of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Superintendence or Controul or Property of or in such Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any such Streets, Roads or public Places, or a competent Number of them,

A.D. 1816. 56 GEORGII III. C.lxxxvii.

from time to time in Writing first obtained* but that nothing in this Clause contained shall be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the said Company from repairing such main Pipes after such Consent obtained as aforesaid, or from breaking or taking up or removing any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any service Pipe or Pipes leading from such main Pipes, after such Consent so obtained as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements or Ground in any of the Streets, Roads or public Places within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties thereof respectively, for the Purpose of making or laying down or repairing any Main or Mains of Pipes, or any Pipe or Pipes, or of altering the Postion of or repairing any Pipes, Stop Cocks, Valves or Syphons, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, unless Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up such Pavement or Ground, signed by the Principal Clerk or Secretary, or Inspector or Surveyor to the said Company, specifying the Street, Road or public Place, and the particular Part of such Street, Road or public Place in which such Pavement or Ground is intended to be broken or taken up, shall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavements or Roads for the time being, (duly appointed and notified in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now or hereafter in force for that Purpose, ) of the parochial or other District or Place wherein such Street, Road or public Place, the Pavement, Ground or Soil whereof is so intended to be broken or taken up shall be situate, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within such parochial or other District or Place, for the Space of Three Hours at the least, before such Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof shall be so broken or taken up, except in all cases of sudden Emergency, in which such Notice as aforesaid shall be given to such Surveyor of Pavements or Roads as soon as possible after such Pavement or Ground, or any Part thereof, shall be broken or taken up; and that the said Company shall not break or take up or disturb or cause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, the Pavement or Ground in any Street, Road or public Place within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes, except service Pipes of a Diameter not exceeding One Inch in the Bore, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Controul of the Pavements or Roads, Ground or Soil, in any parochial or other District or Place, signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer or Officers, first obtained; and that if the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavement or Ground without such Notice being given or left as aforesaid (except as aforesaid), or shall break or take up, or disturb or cause to be broken, taken up or disturbed, any of such Pavement or Ground, for the Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes (except service Pipes as aforesaid) without such Consent as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said Company shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Controul of the Pavements or Roads within the parochial or other District or Place in which such Pavement or Ground so broken or taken up or disturbed shall be situate, or to their Treasurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or to such other Person as they may appoint, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every square Foot of Pavement or Ground which shall be so broken or taken up without such Notice or Consent as aforesaid, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always, that the said Company shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of more than one Penalty, or to more than one Action, Suit or other Proceeding in respect of any one Offence committed, whether by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, now or hereafter in force, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as the said Company shall have lawfully broken up or removed the Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any Street, Road, Highway or public Place, or any Part thereof, the said Company shall and they are hereby required immediately then after to reinstate and make good such Ground, Soil or Pavement, in as good found State and Condition as the fame was or were in at the time of being so broken up, to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Commissioners or Trustees of such Pavement, Soil or Ground respectively; and the said Company shall carry away all surplus Earth, Filth and Rubbish occasioned thereby, at their own Costs and Charges; and that during the Works of the said Company, and reinstating such Ground, Soil or Pavement as aforesaid, the said Company shall provide proper Watchmen, with necessary Lamps, and otherwise secure and guard the said Works, so as to prevent any Damage or Inconvenience happening to Passengers, Cattle or Carriages; and in case the said Company shall neglect and make Default in making good and reinstating such Ground, Soil or Pavement as aforesaid, within Twenty four Hours next after Notice given to or left for the said Company at their House or Office, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees to reinstate and make good such Ground, Soil or Pavement 5 and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be reimbursed and repaid by the said Company, or their Treasurer, to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their respective Treasurer 5 and in Default of Payment thereof within Seven Days next after Demand thereof in Writing shall have been made by the Clerk of the said Commissioners or Trustees, such Sum or Sums of Money so paid by them shall and may be recovered of and from the said Company or their Treasurer, Clerk or Agent, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and in which Action or Actions, no Essoin, Protection or Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Company or of their Undertaking, break, throw down, destroy, take away, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Trunk, Valve, Syphon, Machine, Erection or Building laid, placed,

1.141

Restriction* respecting breaking up Pavements.

Notice of breakup Pavement, ftc.

Company breaking up Pavement without Notice, &c.

[Penalty.]

Requiring Company to reinstate Pavements, Uc. after Pipes, See. have been laid down.

Company not re* inflating Pavement, and not repaying Commissioners the Expences.

Action.

Ddlroying

Works.

1142

Punishment.

Report of Works to be sent to the Secretary of State for the Home Department, Half Yearly at least.

Stations and Works to be open at all times to Inspectioa of Persons appointed by the Secretary of State.

50 G. 3. cclxix. and

54 G. 3. c.cxvi. and this Act to be construed as one Alt.

[Public Act.]

clxxxvii. 56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

erected or set up by the said Company, by virfte of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the several Powers and Authorities given to and vested in the said Company, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishment and Penalties as in cases of Grand Larceny; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm 5 or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in cases of Petty Larceny.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company shall, and they are hereby required, within One Calendar Month after every Half yearly General Meeting of the said Company, or oftener if required by the Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, to transmit to the said Secretary of State a Report in Writing, signed by the Governor, Deputy Governor or one of the Directors of the said Company, of the State of the said Company and of their Works, and the Means possessed by the said Company for securing the Continuance of their Operations, and such other matters relating to the Works and Proceedings of the said Company as the said Secretary of State shall from time to time require.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Stations and Works of the said Company shall be open at all convenient times for the Inspection and Examination of such Person or Persons as the said Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being shall appoint from time to time for that Purpose; and the said Company shall, and they are hereby required, to conform to such Regulations and Proceedings in the several Parts of their Works and Operations, as well in respect of those already eroded or executed, as of such as shall hereafter be erected and executed, as the said Secretary of State shall consider necessary and proper, and shall direct to be adopted, for the better and more effectually lighting the several Parts of the Metropolis and the Suburbs, Liberties and Prednds thereof, where the Mains and Pipes of the said Company shall lie, and for more effectually securing a proper and permanent Supply of Gas for lighting the public Lamps therein, and for assisting and advancing the Benefits to be derived from an active and efficient Police, and for such other Purposes as to the said Secretary of State shall seem meet and proper for the Advantage of the Public.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Restrictions, matters and things whatsoever contained in the said recited Acts, so far as the fame were in force at the time of passing this Act, and so far as the same are not exprefely altered or repealed by this Act, shall extend and be construed to extend and operate, and be in force with respect to the Sum of Money allowed to be raised, and to the additional Shares to be made or created under this Act, and also with respect to all matters and things whatsoever, which may happen or arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame and every Part thereof, were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof; and the said recited Acts and this Act shall, as to all matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed as one Ad.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justicea and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEORGII III.

Pr.C. 1 — 10. U43

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these A8c if annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Mott 4t Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof, u so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others.0

Cap. I.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Ahvinton, in the County of Northumberland

[4th March 1816.]

Cap 2.

An Act for inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Halton Most or Moore Moss, within the Manor and Township of Moore, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[22d March ^816.3

Cap

An Act for ratifying and confirming certain Exchanges made under an Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham.

[11th April 1816.]

Cap. 4*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Partthes of Thorp Arch and Walton, in the County of the City of York

[11th April 1816.]

Cap. 5*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Netvburn, in the County of Northumberland.

[11th April 1816.]

Cap. 6*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Heaton, in the Parish of Leel, in the County of Stafford. [ 11 th April 1816.]

Cap 7*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York. [11th April 1816.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, belonging to the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in the Town or Borough of Grantham, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled upon the Trusts on which such Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments are held.

[21st May 1816.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for confirming and effectuating a Partition of a Messuage, Farm and Lands, called Westbourn, otherwise Wcjtbury Farm, in the Parishes of Paddington, Kensington and Chelfoa, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, in which the Very Reverend william Beaumont Bujby, Doctor in Divinity, and William Hervey Esquire, have undivided Moieties, [a 1st May 1816.]

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ecchinfwell9 add especially within the Tything of EaM Woodhay$ otherwise Wydhey, in the County of Southampton, [21st May 1816.]

Cap.

H14 Pr.C. 11 — 24.

55° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Cap. 11.

An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Tythes and Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Michael upon Wyre9 in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[21st May 1816.]

Cap. I2«

An Act for effecting an Exchange of an Estate devised by the Will of the Reverend Henry Zouch for an Estate belonging to John Lowther Esquire, in Fee Simple.

[31st May 1816.]

' Cap. 13.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Chrtftopher late Lord Bishop of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to tie settled to the same Uses.

[31st May 18*6.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for vesting Parts of the settled Estates of Samuel Aldersey Esquire, in the County of Chester, in a Trustee, to be told 5 and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. [j1st May 1816.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Bor wick and Parish of IVart on9in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. 16.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Altony in the Parish of Rocky in the County of WorccfUr.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. 17.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wellington9 in the County of Somerset. Q31st May 1816.]

Cap 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of AJkriggy in the Parish of Aifgarth and County of York.

[31st May 1816.]

u Allotment to The King for Right to Stone and Right of Soil in AJkrigg Pasture and Newbiggen Pasture, u $16. Allotment to The King as Lord of Manor for Right of Soil of the other Lands to be divided, &c. M under this Act, $18. Extract of so much of Award as relates to His Majesty. Allotments to be trans-u mitted to Land Revenue Office, §38.

Cap. 19.

An Act for enclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Homesjieldy in the Parish of Dronfield, in the " Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §21.

County of Derby [31st May 1816.]

Cap. 20.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Briejhviftley in the Parish of Thornhilly in the West Riding of the County of York.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. 21.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Church Stretton, Wiflanfow and Edgton, in the County of Salop*

[31H May 1816.]

Cap. 22.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Londejborough, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[31st May 1816.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §21.

Cap. 23.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of WlAfion9 in the County of York.

[31st May 1816.]

4< Allotment and Compensation for Small Tithes, f 20. Great Tithes absolute in the Manors of IVbifton and u Morthtny §23. Allotment and Compensation for Great Tithes and Modufies in the Manor of Mortben9 §28.

Cap. 24.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Stainland, in the Parish of Halifax in the County of York.

[31st May 1816.]

M Proviso for His Majesty's Bight to Tithes, f 56.

lS

A.D. 1816.

Pr.C. 25 — 37.145

56° GEORGII III.

Cap. 25.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Saggart, in the County of DukHn.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. 26.

An Act for inclosing West Scdgmoor in the County of Somerset.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. 27.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beckenham, in the County of Worcester.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap 28*

An Act for felling certain Lands and Heritages in the Shire of Berwick, entailed by Neil late Earl of bery, deceased, for Payment of the Balance of the Price of certain other Lands purchased and entailed by him; and for purchasing and entailing other Lands more convenient to the Family Estates.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Nathan Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for making the Trustees of Prifca Cohorn's Charity a Body Corporate, and for enabling them to fell Part of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in manner therein mentioned, and to grant Building Leases of other Part of the Estates belonging to the said Chanty, and to appoint new Trustees of such of the Copyhold Estates belonging to the said Charity as are not to be sold.

[20tn June 1816.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for uniting the Rectory of Great Birch, in the County of Essex, with the adjoining Rectory of Little

Birch, in the same County, after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, and John Knight Esquire, of certain Lands in the County of Worcester.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Newcastle under Lyme, Trent ham, Woolftanton and Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

[20th June 1816.]

Sale of The King's Allotment in Knutton Wajle, before or after Award, J 70. Tithes of Common Fields in Newcastle Parish extinguished, §80. Regulation as to Compensation for such Tithes, and varying the

Tithe Rents, §95 — 101, Proviso for Mines to His Majesty within the Copyhold Part of the Common

Fields, $ 114*

Cap. 34.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Dalham, in the County of Suffolk.

[20th June 2816.3

" Allotment in Part Compensation for Tithes, §26. Annual Rents in lieu of Tithes ascertained, §43.

" When Tithes to cease, §47.

Cap. 35.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Township or Divisions of Strickland Kettle and Nether Stavely, in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland.

[20th June 1816«3

Cap 36.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sonning, in the Counties of Berks and Oxford.

[20th June 1816.]

" Proviso for Rights of Tithe Owners, ( 47. Allotments in respect of Tithe free Lands to be Tithe " free, $48. Corn Rents in lieu of Tithes to Vicar ascertained, §49 — 51. 53. Tithes payable till " Award of Commissioners shall otherwise direct, $ 5 2.

Cap. 37.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Aruftley> in the County of Montgomery.

[20th June 1816.] 56 Geo. III. 7 G Cap.

56° GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Cop. 38.

An Act for vesting certain Lands belonging to the Reverend Henry ChatJUld* in the Rector for the time being of the Parish of Balcombe in the County of Sussex* in Exchange for the Parsonage House of Balcombe, and the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Parish; and for enabling the said Henry Chatfield to build anew Parsonage House upon the first mentioned Lands. [aid June 1816.]

Cap. 39.

An Act for establishing and effectuating an Exchange made between the Reverend Egerton Robert Neve* Rector of Middleton Stoney, in the County of Oxford* and the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford* and George Bainbridge Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Middleton Stoney aforesaid.

[22d June 1816.]

Cap. 40.

49 G. 3. c. 87. An Act for rendering valid the Sale of certain Estates in the County of Argyll* and a Salmon Fishing in the County of Inveme/s, of George Marquis of Tweeddale* made under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty.

[25 th June 1816.]

Cap. 41.

An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Reverend Sir Charles John Anderson Baronet in the County of York* in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[25th June 1816.]

Cap. 42.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corfiam, in the County of Wilts.

[26th June 1816.]

Cap. 43.

An Act for vesting the undivided Parts or Shares of Robert Boyd the Younger, John Boyd and Uriah Boyd* Infants, of and in certain settled Estates in the Parishes of Charlton and Woolwich, in the County of Kent* in TruHeeg for Sab, and for investing the Monks thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the: fame Uses.

[1st July 1816.]

Cap. 44.

19 G. 3.C. 48. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Fronds Boynton Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Produce in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates.

[2d July 1816.]

49 G. 3.

Cap. 4

163. An Act for effefiing an Exchange of certain Settled Estates of John Wharton Esquire, for certain other Estates belonging to him in Fee Simple, situate in the Counties of York* Westmoreland and Durham*

[2d July 1816.]

Cap. 46.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Trust Estates devised by the Will of Philip Burton Esquire, deceased.

[2d July 1816.]

Cap. 47.

An Act for vesting a certain Settled Estate of Ann Sylvefer and others, in Westcott over Weflcott and Nether Wejhott, in the County of Gltotetfter* in Trustees, to be sold for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. [ad July 1816.]

[Index removed.]

END OF THE SIXTH VOLUME.

